ARTICLE

Going as planned . 
From Fox News : The Obama administration is trying to calm the panic over soaring ObamaCare premiums by pointing to subsidies many will receive to offset the cost 'î but analysts and GOP lawmakers counter that those subsidies nevertheless will stick taxpayers with a rising bill. 
With enrollment set to begin Nov. 1, the administration announced Monday that premiums are set rise an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market. Some states, such as Arizona, will see premiums jump by as much as 116 percent. 
Department of Health and Human Services officials are stressing that subsidies provided under the law, which are designed to rise alongside premiums, will insulate most customers from sticker shock. 
But the rising cost of subsidies, which already totals tens of billions a year, would be passed on to the taxpayer. 
'Taxpayers are already in for a lot,' Tom Miller, resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, told FoxNews.com. 'The cost doesn't go away, it just goes into someone else's pocket.' 
In a March report , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that subsidies given to enrollees in 2016 would amount to $43 billion in 2016, and predicted the cost would rise to $106 billion by 2026 . It also said that over 10 years, ObamaCare provisions would reduce the deficit thanks to tax provisions and cuts to Medicare. That was before the latest announcement by the administration. It's unclear how exactly the looming premium hikes will affect that picture, though Republicans are now seeking new estimates. 
Analysts say it's safe to assume taxpayer costs will rise. Miller noted that HHS reported an average subsidy of $291 per month in 2016. A 25 percent increase in premiums would theoretically translate into an extra $73 per month, or about $870 a year per person. 
'If you assume conservatively that there's 10 million people getting subsidies, that's an extra $8.5 billion in extra costs taxpayers are getting hit by going into next year,' he said. 
Other experts warned this is likely to continue as long as premiums keep rising. 'Its real simple, premiums are going up and up, and subsidies are going to go up with them,' Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum and a former CBO director, told FoxNews.com. 
The Department for Health and Human Services, when asked for comment by FoxNews.com, noted that the law's coverage provisions are set to cost 28 percent less in 2019 than the CBO originally projected, amounting to about $49 billion less than originally predicted when the law was signed in 2010. A spokesman also said the same office predicted that repealing the law would increase the deficit by approximately $350 billion over 10 years. 
Holtz-Eakin urged caution on the administration's analysis. 'It's been a mixed pattern, because the enrollments haven't been what they expected so it hasn't been as big of an impact financially,' he said. 'The bad news is that spending per person is much higher than anticipated due to subsidy increases because of premium hikes.' 
One of the biggest ObamaCare costs to taxpayers has been absorbed into the Medicaid budget, paid for by both state and federal governments. As a sweetener to get states to go along with the plan, the federal government offered to pick up the cost of expanding Medicaid eligibility up to 133 percent of the poverty line. That siphoned low income 'î and expensive 'ì customers away from ObamaCare exchanges, seemingly contributing to its current solvency. But that cost 'ì in the hundreds of billions 'î also is borne by taxpayers. 
The CBO projected in 2013 that, in part due to ObamaCare, federal Medicaid spending would more than double over the next 10 years , topping $554 billion by 2023. State governments pay another $160 billion toward Medicaid. 'Volume has been greater in Medicaid, and per person costs have been much higher than expected,' Edmund Haislmaier, senior fellow at the Heritage Foundation, told FoxNews.com. 
Sensing a spike in taxpayer costs, the Republican-led House Committee on Energy and Commerce has written to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services demanding how much taxpayer money will be spent subsidizing the cost of rising premiums. 
'While the Administration continues to focus on premium 'affordability,' it ignores the undeniable fact that federal taxpayers are subsidizing these premium increases through tax credits,' the letter from Chairman Fred Upton, R-Mich., says. 'The Committee is concerned that the federal taxpayer continues to bear the burden of subsidizing the growing cost of health care insurance.' 
The committee is demanding estimates of the amount of money spent covering rising premiums by Nov. 7. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 7 Comments 
Hillary Clinton is like a chameleon. 
Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams , who's a trained hypnotist and observer of facial nuances, calls it an 'unusual level of variability' in her physical appearance. In his words, Hillary 'looks like an entirely different person every few days. See ' Chameleon Hillary Clinton is back to looking like sh*t 'î and the return of her medical handler ' and ' Hillary Clinton's teeth, tongue-hole & now-you-see-it-now-you-don't wrinkles ' 
On Monday, October 24, 2016, Hillary Clinton was in St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire for a rally , accompanied by 'Fauxcahontas' Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). 
Close-up images of her face show that she's morphed again, back to yellow teeth and a face crisscrossed with wrinkles. What happened to the porcelain-doll Hillary with dazzling-white teeth of the July 2016 Democratic National Convention? 
But this time, at St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire, there's something even stranger. 
Yesterday, Matt Drudge tweeted two close-up images of Hillary at the NH rally, which show something embedded under the skin of her right cheek . Here's the tweet: 
Here are the two images again, enlarged. I painted yellow arrows pointing to the lumps: 
According to plastic surgeons , Botox injections don't cause lumps under the skin. Dr. Richard Baxter explains that 'Botox relaxes muscles that are hyperactive and so wrinkles caused by those muscles are smoothed,' but don't lead to lumps. Dr. Janet Turkle says that although 'Botox injections can result in temporary bumps due to the injection,' the bumps last 'only a few minutes'. 
According to the American Academy of Facial Esthetics , however, 'some of the risks of facial injections are lumps (granulomas/nodules) which are a potential risks [sic] associated with Radiesse, Sculptra, Juvederm, and ArteColl.' 
Facial injections are injections of facial fillers such as collagen, hyaluronic acid and calcium hydroxyl apatite that rejuvenate facial skin by reducing or eliminating wrinkles, raising scar depressions, enhancing lips and replacing soft-tissue volume loss. 
H/t FOTM 's TPR
ARTICLE

  DCG | 5 Comments 
Considering that Timberlake supports Hillary, he may not be the brightest bulb. We should at least be grateful that he's not offering blowjobs to anyone voting for Hillary. 
From Daily Mail : Tennessee officials are investigating Justin Timberlake after the singer took a selfie in a voting booth. 
In a photo posted to his Instagram account on Monday, the 35-year-old celebrity stands in front of a ballot machine and makes a scrunched up face. The caption reads: 'Hey! You! Yeah, YOU! I just flew from LA to Memphis to #rockthevote !!! No excuses, my good people! There could be early voting in your town too. If not, November 8th! Choose to have a voice! If you don't, then we can't HEAR YOU! Get out and VOTE! #excerciseyourrighttovote.' 
Taking a photo or recording audio in a voting booth is a crime in Tennessee, with a penalty of up to 30 days in prison and a $50 fine. 
After the picture was posted on Monday, a representative from the Shelby County, Tennessee District Attorney's office told TMZ that Timberlake's actions are 'under review'. The Tennessee law banning ballot selfies was passed last year and so far no one has been prosecuted for violating it. 
An official for the election board where Justin voted told TMZ that the hitmaker should be lauded for calling on his more than 31million followers to vote. 
Timberlake and his wife Jessica Biel hosted a $33,400-a-ticket fundraiser for Hillary Clinton last spring. 
Laws nationwide are mixed on whether voters are allowed to take pictures of themselves in the act or of their ballots 'ì'ballot selfies'. Federal judges have struck down bans on selfies in New Hampshire and Indiana, and rules have been changed in places like California and Rhode Island, but in many states it's still a violation that carries potential fines or jail terms. 
There are laws against sharing any photo of your ballot in 18 states, while six other states bar photography in polling places but do allow photos of mail-in ballots. 
Critics say such regulations have not kept up with technology and are confusing for voters and election workers. Some states that ban ballot selfies or have moved to block them cite concerns the photos could harm the integrity of the voting process by encouraging vote-buying or coercion, though some acknowledge there's no evidence to support those fears. 
DCG
ARTICLE

| December 1, 2015 at 6:38 am | Reply 
This group of demented, destructive, abusive people is the world's karma for kicking God out of their consciousness, being and world. If mankind maintained their love and reverence for their creator God, I believe this would not be happening and this people would already be contained and stopped. For America, Obama, Jarrett, Soros and their minions, who're in agreement with this savage group, are the ones bringing America's karma to her doorstep for kicking God out. The Godless liberals/communists are begging for these savages to destroy them by taking on the ways of evil, such as, abortion, perversions of sex and marriage, drugs, child abuse, etc. Do liberals really expect a positive outcome from having absolutely no morals and standards? They are probably quite a few of the same souls from the time of Pompeii, Soddom & Gomorrah, Roman and Greek Empires, Atlantis and Lemuria 'ì review history and note where they and their country ended up. Atlantis & Lemuria crumbled and sank and now lies deep within the bottom of the ocean. We can still see the end result of Pompeii. What will it take to wake up these people from their hedonistic, anti-self thoughts and feelings??? How many lifetimes will they put themselves and the rest of society through this total destruction of their hearts, minds and souls? 'You get what you give' and 'whatever energy you put out into the universe returns to your doorstep' is truth. Hedonists are lost, lost, lost in their world of destructive unreality, and only God can pull them out of it. Pray for them and Earth to return to God reality.
ARTICLE

Posted on September 13, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 19 Comments 
Scott Adams is creator of the Dilbert comic strip. According to his self-description, Adams is also a hypnotist of many years, trained in observing people and subtle nuances in appearance and body language. 
Below is Adams' post of September 11, 2016, ' Checking My Predictions About Clinton's Health ,' which was republished by Russia Insider : 
In a blog post I wrote on December 27th , 2015, I said this'¶ 
Bonus Thought 1: One of the skills a hypnotist has to master is reading people's inner thoughts based on their body language. That's a common skill for people in the business world too, but hypnotists go deeper than looking at crossed arms and furrowed brows. We learn to look for subtle changes in breathing patterns, tiny changes in muscle tone, variations in skin color (blushing or not), word choice, pupil dilation, and more. I assume law enforcement people look for similar tells when doing interrogations. 
As regular readers know, I'm a trained hypnotist. And to me, Hillary Clinton looks as if she is hiding a major health issue. If you read Malcolm Gladwell's book, Blink , you know that so-called 'experts' can sometimes instantly make decisions before they know why . In my case, I am going to make an 'expert' hypnotist prediction about Hillary Clinton without knowing exactly which clues I am picking up, or whether I am hallucinating them. 
Prediction: I'll put the odds at 75% that we learn of an important Clinton health issue before the general election. That estimate is based on my own track record of guessing things about people without the benefit of knowing why . I think Trump is picking up the same vibe. He has already questioned Clinton's 'stamina.' 
On December 29th, 2015 I blogged that Trump would be seen as 'running unopposed' before election day. I mentioned Clinton's health as a possible reason. 
While I'm on the topic, I'll add another prediction to the Master Persuader series. I predict that by the time Trump is in the general election and running against Clinton, you will start hearing that Trump ( Lucky Hitler) is 'ì for all practical purposes 'ì 'running unopposed' as Clinton's poll numbers plummet. 
That can happen in a variety of ways. One way is if Clinton's health or legal issues rise to the point of being disqualifying, and Trump persuades us to think about those things more than we think about anything else. Once you imagine there is one candidate in the race who is eligible and one who might not survive the term, or might be in jail, you start to imagine it as a one-person race. 
And you will. That's how you get a landslide. 
Look for the words 'running unopposed' in pundit articles and quotes within a few months of election day. And it still counts if it started here, because it won't catch on unless it actually fits. 
On April 29th of 2016 I expanded on the thought in this post . 
I have blogged and tweeted that Hillary Clinton looks unhealthy to me. And I have mentioned on Twitter that one of the skills of a hypnotist is identifying subtle bodily changes. Observation is a huge part of a hypnotist's skill. You look for micro changes in muscle tone, breathing, posture, and anything else that can tell you whether your technique is working or you need to quickly pivot to a new approach. Think of it as rapid A-B testing on humans. And like any skill, one gets better with practice. I have more than three decades of practice for this specific skill. 
What I see in Clinton's health is an unusual level of variability. Sometimes her eyes bug out, sometimes they are tired and baggy. Sometimes she looks puffy, sometimes not. It would be easy to assume fatigue is the important variable. And that is clearly a big factor. But notice that the other candidates have little variability in their physicality. Trump always looks like Trump. Cruz always looks like Cruz, and so on. Sometimes we think we can detect fatigue in their answers, but visually the other candidates appear about the same every day. 
Clinton, on the other hand, looks   That suggests some greater variability in her health. And that's probably a tell for medications that are waxing and waning but rarely at the ideal levels. Or perhaps the underlying conditions have normal variability. Or both. 
Under normal circumstances it would be deeply irresponsible for a cartoonist to give a medical diagnosis to a stranger he hasn't met. I trust you to ignore my medical opinions. I do this to build a record of my persuasion-related predictions and to show you the method. 
I give Clinton a 50% chance of making it to November with sufficiently good health to be considered a viable president. Judging from her performance on the campaign trail, she is managing her health effectively to get the job done. But I would think most people who run for president end up sacrificing their health in some measure. The big question is how much buffer she has left. 
To be clear, there is no dependable evidence of Clinton having an undisclosed major health issue. But it looks that way to observers. 
~End of Scott Adams' article~ 
H/t FOTM's josephbc69
ARTICLE

Posted on September 3, 2015 by DCG | 25 Comments 
These kids still understand basic biology. 
Daily Mail : Almost 200 high school students in Missouri walked out of their classes to protest one a transgender student in senior year being allowed in the girls' bathroom. 
Members of the Hillsboro High School in Hillsboro, Missouri, ditched two hours of lessons to object to Lila Perry, a 17-year-old senior, being granted access to female bathrooms. Perry, who started identifying as transgender earlier this year, was using the female facilities to change for gym classes, which upset many other girls at the school. 
They objected that Perry, who has not had any gender reassignment therapy, is still biologically male , Fox News reported. 
Perry, who wears a wig, makeup and skirts to school, used to use a unisex facilities meant for staff 'ì but decided for this academic year she wanted to be allowed in the girls' bathrooms . 
She said: 'I'm not going to expose myself. I'm not a pervert. I'm a transgender woman. I'm a girl. I'm just in there to change, do my business, and'¶ if they have any questions about being transgender, they are more than welcome to talk to me, and I'll be happy to explain it.' 
One student, Sophie Beel, told local station Fox 2 St Louis : 'I find it offensive because Lila has not went through any procedure to become female, putting on a dress and putting on a wig is not transgender to me'. 
The unrest comes as transgender issues are taking a higher profile on the national stage, partly thanks to the highly public transition of Caitlyn Jenner from her former identity as Bruce. 
According to the St Louis Post-Dispatch , the protest lasted for two hours before school officials told students to go back inside. 
During the demonstration, Perry was locked in a staff member's office because there were fears for her safety. 
The paper reported that some of the students protesting supported Perry's right to use the bathroom she wants to, though most were in opposition. Tammy Sorden, a mother of a Hillsboro High student, said: 'The girls have rights, and they shouldn't have to share a bathroom with a boy.' She said she objected to Perry being given what she asks for 'while the girls just have to suck it up'. 
The School Board also organized a meeting to deal with the situation, which attracted a large crowd of parents last Thursday, where school officials pointed out that denying fair access to a transgender student could bring reprisals from the federal government. 
Perry has since dropped gym class due to the outcry, but still intends to use female bathrooms. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on July 15, 2015 by Dr. Eowyn | 33 Comments 
It's a topsy-turvy world when law-breakers 'î those who illegally enter and stay in the United States 'î are sacred cows, while those who criticize the law-breakers are ostracized and demonized. 
On June 16, 2015, when Donald Trump announced that he's entering the crowded race to become the 2016 Republican presidential nominee, he made some remarks about illegal immigration which brought the wrath of the PC Left on his head. Trump said: 
'When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're sending people that have lots of problems. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. I will build a great wall 'ì and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me 'ì and I'll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.' 
For saying that, one business after another severed their ties with Trump. Univision and Comcast's NBCUniversal cancelled plans to broadcast Trump's Miss Universe beauty pageant. Mattress giant Serta said it will stop selling Trump-branded products. Department store giant Macy's also cut its ties with Trump. 
Such righteous indignation! You would think Trump were a heinous mass murderer or a child-molester or serial rapist or bestialist! 
But Macy's anti-Trump move has backfired. 
TMZ reports, July 13, 2015: 
Macy's is paying the price for sacking Donald Trump, because we've learned thousands of customers are cutting up their Macy's credit card in protest. 
Sources connected to the department store tell TMZ, Macy's has received complaints from approximately 30,000 customers since ending its relationship with Trump nearly 2 weeks ago. 
We're told the store has been 'inundated with complaints' from customers who believe the department store is unfairly punishing Trump for his views on immigration. 
Our sources say thousands of customers have vowed never to shop at Macy's again and many of them say they're cutting up their Macy's credit card to make a statement. 
We're told the complaints have come in various ways, including phone, Facebook and email. A Macy's spokesperson would only say, 'Our Facebook page is often times used by our customers to express their feelings or points of view. Many times it does not correlate to any action.' Join the boycott against Macy's!
ARTICLE

It's all old news to those of us who, unlike Democrat LIVs (low information voters), pay attention to the Alternative Media. But it's still significant because the information made it to Fox News' Hannity Show . 
His name is Jeff Rovin . 
After decades as one of Bill and Hillary Clintons' many retainers, Rovin is outing himself as the Clintons'' fixer ''î defined by Oxford Dictionaries as ' A person who makes arrangements for other people, especially of an illicit or devious kind. ' In Rovin's case, he claims to have been employed by the Clintons to suppress and remove from the media any scandalous news of their sexual affairs. Note: For a few of the Clintons' other retainers, see ' Hillary Clinton's medical handler, cleaner, & prompter were all at the last presidential debate '. 
Rovin says he was paid $4,000 a month to keep the Clintons' open marriage and their respective adulteries from the news. In Hillary's case, she had 'affairs' with Vincent Foster and with a female Hollywood honcho. Note: On July 20, 1993, Foster 'î who was Bill Clinton's deputy White House counsel at the time 'î was found dead on a park bench in D.C.'s Ft. Marcy Park, supposedly from a self-inflicted gun shot. See ' FBI files linking Hillary Clinton to Vince Foster suicide vanished from National Archives '. Note: According to the Clintons' former assassin Larry Nichols, when she was First Lady, Hillary regularly went to California on weekends to be with Hollywood producer Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and other women to 'worship' Satan at 'a church'. See ' Clinton friend and assassin Larry Nichols: Hillary is a satanist '. Linda Bloodworth-Thomason , 69, is a television producer who, with her husband Harry Thomason, is best known for creating, writing, and producing the TV series, Designing Women . The couple are notable for their friendship with Bill and Hillary Clinton, which dates back to Bill's days as governor of Arkansas. The Thomasons created several short-subject political propaganda films for Bill, the most famous of which was The Man from Hope that introduced Bill at the 1992 Democratic Convention. The Thomasons did similar propaganda films for Hillary's run for the U.S. Senate and for other candidates, such as General Wesley Clark's presidential bid. Clark has endorsed Hillary for president. (See ' Obama-supporter Gen. Wesley Clarke: Disloyal Americans should be put in concentration camps ') 
Here's Rovin on Hannity , on Oct. 24, 2016: 
The National Enquirer first broke Jeff Rovin's story. Here's what Rovin told the Enquirer : 
During the 1980s and 1990s, I was working in Hollywood as a reporter for several national magazines and newspapers. Because of my good relationship with stars, publicists and the press I became 'a fixer': someone who helps stars keep embarrassing stories out of the press. I helped keep secrets safe for some of Hollywood's leading men. 
In 1991, my reputation was such that I was asked to work on behalf of a fast-rising figure on the national stage: Arkansas Gov. William Jefferson Clinton. I attended a meeting in Hollywood where I was told by an intermediary: 'There will be a lot of stories coming out in the tabloid press. We want them buried.' 
I was informed that these stories would involve rumors of Bill Clinton's many sexual dalliances and an alleged ongoing affair of Hillary Clinton with a male member of her law firm, Vince Foster, as well as a female mover-and-shaker in Hollywood. 
For a retainer of $4,000 a month 'î paid by a third party, not the campaign 'î I was told to keep these stories hush-hush in one of two ways: by trading access to the Clintons for 'positive' interviews, or by paying the reporters. 
The payments were always cash, usually delivered in a movie theater or restaurant on Sunset Boulevard, and came in two denominations: $100 for a heads-up that a bad story was coming; or considerably more to kill the piece. 
It did not appear that the job would be terribly time-consuming: After all, Hillary reportedly had just one lover, and Bill's girlfriends were all in the past. 
Not so. The sexual dalliances were ongoing 'î and so my communications with the West Wing, Air Force One and Camp David continued through 1998 'î a stunning length of time when one considers that both the president and the first lady were supposed to be devoting their full energies to the business of the people of the United States! 
The gravest example of a Clintonian lack of judgment occurred in March 1994. Presidential brother Roger Clinton was marrying his eight-months-pregnant bride Molly. There was a bachelor party. Prostitutes were involved. Recordings were made. Recordings involving Bill Clinton. 
Arrangements for a meeting between Bill and a 26-year-old brunette were discussed when the president was to arrive in Dallas for the ceremony. 
The tape recording was offered, for sale, to The National Enquirer . Before the publication and its then-editor could publish a transcript, I swooped in and negotiated for the White House to give this paper exclusive access to the ceremony itself. Not even The Washington Post or The New York Times had that. The Enquirer was given leave to publish exclusive White House photographs. 
At the reception, while Bill Clinton sang with the piano player, Hillary was introduced to The Enquirer reporter. Her expression fierce, voice tight, she took and tightly held the reporter's hand and demanded, 'Are we done now?' The reporter replied, 'Madam First Lady, with this incident, yes.' 
Of course, we were not done. This was one of many in an endless string of sexual stories arising from what effectively was the Clintons' open, polyamorous marriage. 
I have kept these secrets for a quarter-century because Bill Clinton had become an elder statesman with heart trouble and Hillary Clinton seemed to be focused, at last, on the business of doing her job 'î for better or for worse. 
I am coming forward now because of the endless attention the alleged indiscretions of Donald Trump have received. Nothing I have heard comes close to the sexual and moral corruption of the Clintons 'î many of which have yet to be revealed. 
Predictably, the liberal media is focusing on one man's alleged misdeeds and ignoring another's proven sins. 
I mention some of these here and now because we have only two serious candidates for the presidency. In the few weeks remaining until the election, we should not be weighing whose corruption is worse (the Clintons win by a landslide, if all were to be told), but who has the best ideas and leadership skills to become president of the United States. Hillary Clinton is transfixed by Christina Aguilera's boobs, confirmed by the singer on the Ellen Degeneres Show in May 2016. 
See also:
ARTICLE

First-World Problems. Poor Anna Kendrick'¶ 
In 2015, Kendrick showed her support for Hillary in such an eloquent way. She tweeted , 'Madonna kissed Drake, Hilary's running for president, but HBO STILL hasn't shown this dude's dick (with a picture of an actor) ?? #FeministPriority ' 
From Daly Mail : Her nomination for a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for 2009's Up In The Air catapulted her to stardom. But Anna Kendrick revealed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show Wednesday that at the time she was completely broke. 
'It was this weird combination of like all these great things are happening but at the same time nothing has changed,' the actress, 31, said. 
'My stylist told me I had to wear the perfect shoes for an outfit, and because the movie isn't out yet, she said, nobody really knows who you are. The shoe places don't want to loan you the shoes so can you buy a pair of Louboutins? ' Kendrick explained. 'And I'm like, I'm so poor'¶.' she said. 
The horror didn't stop there either. 
She recalled how she was sent by the film distribution company to New York to promote the film that also starred George Clooney and Vera Farmiga, and they put her up in a very nice hotel. 
'At one point I was like, if we do another trip to New York can you put me up in a less nice hotel room and then I could keep some of the cash ,' she recounted. 'And they were like, 'no this is not how this works!' 
Kendrick was on Ellen to promote her new book Scrappy Little Nobody and also to promote her new film Trolls. 
In the animated feature, she worked with Justin Timberlake who also provided one of the character voices. The two also sang together including recording a version of True Colors for the soundtrack. 
'It was a career highlight for me watching him do his thing,' she gushed of the former NSync'er. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by DCG | 2 Comments 
This guy is full of hot air. 
Via NY Post : The de Blasio administration is trying to limit the number of food trucks in the city by claiming that each hot-dog and kabob cart causes more pollution than a truck ride to Los Angeles. 
Deputy Health Commissioner Corinne Schiff made the claim at a City Council hearing Wednesday, in an apparent effort to sink a bill that would nearly double the number of food-vendor permits in the city by 2023 . 
'Meat grilling is a significant source of air pollution in the city,' Schiff said. 'One additional vendor grilling meat emits an amount of particle pollution in one day equivalent to what a diesel truck emits driving 3,500 miles.' 
The new bill would boost the number of permits to 8,000 by 2023 and also create an enforcement team to sniff out violations. 
Since 1983, the number of street-food vending permits has remained steady at 4,235. But there are likely more carts than that on the streets, as some vendors simply open shop without a license and work until they are caught. 
Schiff argued any increase in the number of food carts needs to come with regulations stipulating that the carts operate in a more environmentally friendly manner. 
City Councilman Mark Levine (D-Manhattan), who is sponsoring the bill to increase the permits, wondered if this was already the case. 'We have laws in the city about air quality that currently stipulate that any food establishment has got to have a hood over a grill,' Levine said. 'Is that not currently the law?' 
Schiff, however, said there are no such laws regulating the carts as she suggested the proposals be delayed to ensure better pollution safeguards. 
'We really see this as an opportunity to work with the council to think through how we might use this modernization act to improve air quality,' she said. 'The current laws don't actually control the emissions that we're concerned about.' 
Business-improvement districts and residents throughout the city also pushed for delays on increasing vendor permits, saying there are too many already in some neighborhoods, but welcomed increased enforcement. 
'The enforcement idea is a great idea,' said Ellen Baer, co-chair of the NYC BID Association. 'Let's see if this works, let's see how it works, let's see if it's sufficiently funded, let's see how many resources they need 'î before we start adding to the chaos.' 
But street vendors argued they've waited too long for reforms that would allow them to transition from operating illegally to legally. 
Sean Basinski, director of the Street Vendor Project, described the bills as 'far from our dream,' but said he supports most of what they call for. 'It is a reasonable compromise,' he said. 'Vendors have been waiting 35 years for this change . . . We certainly welcome a study being done, but we don't think that should delay the progress that needs to be made. The time for reform is now.' 
Before the hearing, some vendors rallied outside, demanding that city officials and police stop harassing them and treating them like criminals . The bill will remain before the committee while members discuss possible changes.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by DCG | 2 Comments 
Ain't multiculturalism grand? 
From Daily Express : The father of the pupil at the girl's primary school in German ski resort Garmisch-Partenkirchen discovered that his daughter had been forced to learn the Islamic prayer when he discovered a handout she had been given. 
He claimed she had been 'forced' by teachers to memorise the Islamic chants and forwarded the handout to Austrian news service unsertirol24. 
The handout read: 'Oh Allah, how perfect you are and praise be to you. Blessed is your name, and exalted is your majesty. There is no God but you.' 
It had been given to the girl during a lesson in 'ethics' at the Bavarian school. 
Headteacher Gisela Herl did not confirm the incident when questioned, but said the school would issue a written statement detailing its position in the coming week. 
The incident comes just weeks after parents complained to German newspaper Hessian Nieders√§chsische Allgemeine (HNA) that their children's nursery was refusing to acknowledge 'Christmas rituals' to accommodate the 'diverse cultures' of other pupils. The Sara Nussbaum House daycare centre in Kassel refused to put up a Christmas tree, tell Christmas stories or celebrate Christmas in general because it said only a minority of pupils were Christian. 
A spokesman for Kassel explained: 'There will be no Christmas celebrations, in the strictest sense. Because the majority of children at this kindergarten are not Christian the festival will not be celebrated in the way that it is at other schools.' 
Migrants now outnumber native children at many schools in Germany as the country has been inundated with migrants in recent years. More than one million migrants are estimated to have arrived in Germany during the last year alone. 
The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees estimates that another 200,000 people will apply for asylum in 2017. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by DCG | 14 Comments 
Liberals are such tolerant folk. 
My car was keyed three times when I had an anti-Obama bumper sticker on it. My car was never keyed before I had that sticker and never again after I removed it. What a coincidence'¶ 
From CNN : Los Angeles police are looking for the man who destroyed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star with a sledgehammer and a pick ax. Police tweeted Wednesday that they're seeking the public's help in identifying the vandalism suspect. 
The man identified himself as James Otis, an heir to the Otis family's elevator fortune , in an interview with CNN on the Walk of Fame Wednesday morning. He said he was doing it to help the 11 women who have accused Trump of sexually assaulting them, and other victims who he said could come forward in the future. 
'I had four or five family members sexually assaulted, and I'm terribly upset that we have a presidential nominee who's become sort of a poster child of sexual violence,' Otis said. 
CNN has reached out to the Trump campaign for comment and not yet gotten a response. 
Otis managed to remove the gold emblem from the middle of the star and damage the star itself and the area around it. The shape of the star was still recognizable after Otis had vandalized it. 
Leron Gubler, President/CEO of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, said work to repair the star will happen immediately but the star is expected to remain covered for several days. 
Gubler said the Chamber is working with the police and intends to prosecute to the full extent of the law. ' When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California State landmark,' Gubler said. 
Otis said he plans to sell parts of Trump's star and donate the proceeds 'to the women who have been sexually assaulted by Mr. Trump.' 
'I know I can sell it. I think I can get over $1 million for this star, to be distributed to these women and many others that will be going forward,' he said. 
Otis noted he previously auctioned off personal items belonging to Mahatma Gandhi, saying he 'donated all the money to countries that were fighting dictatorships with non-violent strategies.' That 2009 auction of Ghandi's possessions attracted news coverage at the time, including by CNN , and Gandhi's items were sold for $1.8 million. 
Otis said he knows he might be arrested 'î though he doesn't want that to happen. 
DCG
ARTICLE

February 4, 2016, in Charleston, SC. 
And this? April 16, 2016 at Southwest College, Los Angeles. 
And this, less than two months ago on Sept. 11, 2016? 
On Thursday, October 26, 2016, Hillary was in Lake Worth, Florida for a rally. 
She walks up to the cheering crowd, as a bearded guy in sunglasses hurries to her side. 
He extends his left hand to Hillary; she clutches it tightly. The man then helps her to make a step up onto the platform. 
Just one step. 
Here's the video: 
Later that day, Hillary leaves Florida for another rally in Winston Salem, North Carolina. 
Walking up a flight of 15 steps to board her campaign plane, while holding an umbrella in her left hand and clutching the handrail with her right, and 'mumbling to herself' (according to Live Satellite News ), Hillary appears to be wobbly and unsteady. Halfway up the steps, she stumbles, tilting her umbrella down (0:17 mark). 
Hillary turned 69 two days ago on October 26, but moves like a disabled old woman.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 
If we go by most of the MSM/corporate polls, Hillary Clinton will win on November 8. 
But there are dissenting voices. Among them is Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams , who's still predicting a 98% chance of not just a Trump win, but a landslide. Interestingly, the dissenters also include a flaming leftist 'î docu-maker Michael Moore. 
Moore is loathsome, but I don't think anyone has captured or articulated the reasons why so many Americans resonate to Trump's anti-globalism as well as Moore. 
Below is an excerpt from a recent speech Moore delivered, followed by my transcription: 
'I know a lot of people in Michigan that are planning to vote for Trump'¶. They don't necessarily like him that much and they don't necessarily agree with him. They're not racists and rednecks certainly; they're actually pretty decent people. And so I wanted to, after talking to a number of them, I wanted to write this. 
Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said, 'If you close these factories you're planning to do in Detroit and build them in Mexico, [when I'm President] I'm going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody's gonna buy them.' 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician, Republican or Democrat, had ever said anything like that to these executives, and it was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania, in Wisconsin, the Brexit states. You live here in Ohio, you know what I'm talking about. 
Whether Trump means it or not is kind of irrelevant because he's saying the things to people who are hurting. That's why every beaten-down, nameless, forgotten working stiff 'î what used to be part of what was called the middle class 'î loves Trump. He is the human Molotov cocktail that they've been waiting for, the human hand grenade that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8th, Election Day, although they lost their jobs, although they've been foreclosed on by the bank, next came the divorce, and now the wife and kids are gone, the car's been repo'ed, they haven't had a real vacation in years, they're stuck with the shitty Obamacare plan when you can't even get a fucking [inaudible]. They've essentially lost everything they had, except one thing. The one thing that doesn't cost them a cent and is guaranteed to them by the American Constitution 'î the right to vote. 
They might be penniless, they might be homeless, they might be fucked over and fucked up. It doesn't matter because it's equalized on that day. A millionaire has the same number of votes as the person without a job 'î one. And there's more of the former middle class than there are in the millionaire class. 
So on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain and take that lever or felt pen or touchscreen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who is threatening to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. 
They see that the elites who ruined their lives hate Trump. Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The media hates Trump, after they loved him and created him and now hate him. Thank you, media. 
The enemy of my enemy is who I'm voting for on November 8. Yes, on November 8, you, Joe Blow, Steve Blow, Bob Blow, Billy Blow, Billy Bob Blow 'î all the Blows get to blow up the whole goddamn system because it's your right. Trump's election is going to be the biggest fuck-you ever recorded in human history, and it will feel good.' 
Perversely, after articulately so beautifully the profound alienation of so many Americans and why Trump speaks for them, Michael Moore then proceeded to make a whole-hog defense and endorsement of Hillary Clinton. 
Here's a screenshot from a video showing 'Jabba the Hut' Michael Moore making the speech you heard and read above. 
What if Trump loses? 
Below are excerpts from a powerful essay, ' The Elite 'Have No Idea''î Society is Near the Breaking Point ,' written by a guy who calls himself Chindit13 for ZeroHedge : 
'What I find most surprising today is that the insiders and the elite have no idea what is percolating just beneath the surface . Okay, maybe their arrogance actually produces its own fog, so it should not come as a surprise that they are blinded. They do not look at the calendar, which, if one really looks, says '1788' on it. Something is close. Very close. Society is near the breaking point. 
My own experience is that Hillary's so-called Deplorables are actually the most reserved, most polite, and most honest demographic in the country . They are more informed, more self-reliant, and among other things, better armed. Regarding their arms, they are incredibly responsible, and not the source of the violence for which the implement, and not the person, is too often blamed. The Deplorables have the longest fuse. It is, however, a fuse. ['¶] 
The Deplorables, however, are not possessed of infinite patience. Like a capacitor, there is a charge building, and at some point it will be released into the circuitry of society. 
The media and other insiders believe themselves to be immune. That thought no doubt results from being immersed inside a cocoon where dissonant voices are not allowed. When the levee breaks, or the capacitor releases its charge, they are going to be gob smacked. 
Precious few of them are anywhere near as immune as they believe themselves to be. Additionally, what they might think, or hope, is their support, their security, their safe space, doesn't really exist. 
Most of society's guardians, whether they are law enforcement or military, are card-carrying members of the Deplorables. 
France was similarly constructed in the late 1780s. The elite were isolated only in thought, not in reality. Their protection was of a Potemkin Village nature: not actually there, but merely a facade that gave them false comfort. 
They paid dearly for their arrogance and ignorance. 
History may not repeat, but it does rhyme. The calendar really does seem to say 1788, so 1789'îand 1792'ìare not as far off as some would like to believe. 
This is not a call to arms, but it is a call to reality. Ignore it at your own peril. 
Some may see these words as a threat. They are not. They are, however, a warning, and a warning from someone who is a student of history. 
Every society eventually reaches a breaking point. Ours is nearly there. Some of those who might feel threatened, the so-called elite and insiders, think that they can buy protection as easily as they can buy a Gulfstream. How na√Øve! Who are the private security contractors? Who are the various SOGs? Like law enforcement and the rest of the military, they are the Deplorables. The Deplorables will take your money, but you will not take their lives. Better said, they won't give up their lives for you or your family. The security you believe you have purchased is an illusion. Make that delusion. Best to get that out front here and now. 
Some might think this is all Trump's fault. Again, that shows a degree of ignorance and na√Øvet√© which characterizes the elite. Trump is a symptom, not a cause. He might even be a salve, as the changes he could bring might defuse some of the current anger. 
On the other hand, Hillary is a lit match in a room of dynamite. She, like many of the self-important, thinks her very existence is a favor to the rest of us. She epitomizes the absolute worst of what America has become. Above the law, wealthy not through accomplishment, but through influence peddling only, and a bull in a china shop in terms of her effect on both the country and the world'îand I apologize to bulls for that analogy. The world is more unstable because of her. 
America is less safe because of her. Russia and the US'îthe two largest nuclear powers'îare more at odds because of her. With her in power, we will reach the breaking point at home and internationally, perhaps leading to 'accidental' nuclear war, as the heightened rhetoric impacts clear thinking. Society is more stratified because of her. Race relations have deteriorated because of her (and Obama). 
There are few current ills in society and in geopolitics that cannot be laid at her feet, at least to some extent. The Great Deceiver to many, who exhibits an astonishing aversion to truth telling, is enough to make even an agnostic wonder if the anti-Christ hasn't finally arrived for its three and a half years of rule. 
A recently hacked email of John Podesta finds him saying 'she (Hillary) has begun to hate everyday Americans'. No doubt the same feelings were voiced by [Romania dictator] Nicolas Ceaucescu. It turned out the feeling was mutual. ['¶] 
Elect Hillary, and continue with business as usual, and it is likely this warning will become an epitaph for the America we know. Society may collapse regardless, because the rot is already very great, but she will hasten the day of reckoning. ['¶]' 
See also:
ARTICLE

Yesterday we saw a black teenager take a Trump poster and gleefully tear it up. It was a shopping area in Duval County Jacksonville, FL. Not downtown. What does it mean? That for many, political activism means vandalizing private property and suppressing freedom of speech. (yours not theirs) 
An acquaintance who is in Chicago says his wife is voting for Hillary because it is time for a woman POTUS. He says he cannot speak about Trump at home or a riot starts, but says he is voting Trump because all Hillary's campaign does is attack Trump, no policy. AT LEAST Trump has a plan. When I mention Benghazi, he says he is sorry about military casualties but those who enlist know the risks. I guess that it was diplomats running guns for Obama, doesn't matter, 
So these are mature people who run a business (3 rd generation), and this what filters through to them. This is the level of comprehension. So he volunteered the info that he was voting for Trump, and I do not abuse him or speak excessively about politics with him, and I forget what we were chatting about when it came up. He says he goes to church regularly and considers himself 'religious', but when speaking to him, he is pretty fuzzy about what the Bible says about forgiveness. If Trump loses and then buys an island and starts a country, I'd be interested in the costs involved. If Trump loses this country will not offer much of a future for my kids or grandchildren.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 2 
Yesterday, I watched the first of 3 Netflix DVDs of the 2016 British TV series, The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses 'î a BBC adaptation of William Shakespeare's Henry VI and Richard III plays on a turbulent period (1455 and 1487) in English history of foreign and civil wars when two rival branches of the royal House of Plantagenet, those of Lancaster and York, fought for control of the throne of England, while England fought France in the Hundred Years War. 
The TV series boasts an impressive roster of actors, including Benedict Cumberbatch (he's in DVDs #2 and #3), Hugh Bonneville (of Downton Abbey fame), Michael Gambon ( Harry Potter 's Professor Albus Dumbledore), and Judi Dench. 
About a quarter or third into the Hollow Crown DVD, while on an English siege of France, the Duke of Somerset (a leader of the Lancaster 'red rose' faction, portrayed by Shakespeare as one of the bad guys) came upon a 'fair maiden' in a castle 'î Margaret, a daughter of the Duke of Anjou. Struck by Margaret's beauty, Somerset proposed a scheme to Margaret 'î that she marry the young English King Henry VI, in exchange for the independence from English rule of the French regions of Anjou and Maine. England at the time had conquered and controlled various parts of northern France. 
Long story short: Margaret the 'fair' maiden of French Anjou would marry Henry VI and become Queen Margaret, who plotted and schemed with the Lancaster faction. 
Even though the scene of the encounter of Somerset and Margaret was dimly lit and Margaret's face was partly obscured by a hideous mop of long black hair, I could see what was wrong: Margaret was not a young maiden, but a middle-aged woman. History says Margaret of Anjou was 15 when she married King Henry VI, who was 23. ( Henry VI had become king when he was only 9 months old, upon the sudden death of his father, King Henry V.) Margaret was not fair or beautiful by any stretch of the imagination. Margaret was black, with stereotypical negroid features. 
15-year-old Margaret of Anjou, France, was played by a 47-year-old actress 'î Sophie Okonedo , a British actress who was born in London of a Nigerian father and a Jewish mother. In an 'exclusive' to the UK Express , May 6, 2016, Hollow Crown director Dominic Cooke explained the decision to cast Okonedo in 'what is considered to be a traditionally white role,' saying that Okonedo was simply 'the best person' for the part: 
'Well, in the theatre we've been doing this for donkeys years. I think Sophie is the best person in this country to play that part, I really do. Her visceral power and range is so extraordinary 'ì that's what I was really looking for. It might be surprising for TV audiences to adjust to the idea that what they are watching is a myth, right. So it's the best actor and I know from the theatre that that works and I've done it many, many times. I don't think that you can do a piece of work that is about who we are as a society and just have white people doing it. I hope that she is so brilliant in the part that that will be the thing people talk about in the end. I feel we should always be making sure that we're being open-minded, when making drama, about the casting possibilities. I think the sense of impatience there is in culture about all these issues is actually very healthy. You want the world you're showing on screen to reflect the world you're in and we live in a plural world, so our stories have to include the widest possible range of people.' The reporter for the Express article writes: Sophie's casting comes at a time when the lack of ethnic minorities within the British film and television industry is being called into question. Recall that in the lead up to the 2016 Academy (Oscar) Awards, blacks in Hollywood complained that no blacks were nominated for an acting award. 
Just you wait. 
Any day now, there'll be a Hollyweird movie with a black actress playing Jacqueline Kennedy. And if you point out that Jackie was not black, but white, you'll be called . . . . 
You guessed it.
ARTICLE

Have you seen that pro-Hillary TV ad of disgraced Gen. John Allen? 
Nauseating. 
You should know that in 2011, Allen, then a 4-star general in the U.S. Marine Corps, was nominated to be NATO's Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, pending confirmation by the Senate. On November 13, 2012, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta suspended Allen's confirmation hearing, pending investigations into the general's 'inappropriate communication' with a woman named Jill Kelley. Gen. John Allen (l); Jill Kelley (r) 
As part of the fallout of the Gen. David Petraeus-Paula Broadwell affair, the FBI uncovered 20,000 to 30,000 pages of correspondence 'î mostly email 'î between Allen and Kelley from 2010 to 2012. Reportedly, their correspondence was 'flirtatious' and 'inappropriate' as Allen and Kelley were both married at the time, but not to each other. 
Seriously, how can a 4-star general even have so much free time as to write 20,000 to 30,000 emails in the space of two years to ANYONE? 20,000 emails mean an average of 28 emails a day exchanged between Allen and Kelley; 30,000 emails mean an average of 42 emails a day. There is no one with whom I've exchanged 28 emails a day, even less 42 emails. 
The upshot: Not only did John Allen lose his confirmation as NATO's Supreme Allied Commander, he also lost his job as Commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan 'î a post to which he was promoted to replace the disgraced Gen. Petraeus. (See ' Obama purges U.S. military command (Part 1) ') 
Allen retired from the military in February 2013, but was appointed Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL (or ISIS) 'î a post and title created for Allen by Obama, which Allen held for about a year from September 2014 until October 23, 2015. 
Allen was a featured speaker at the 2016 Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. He criticized Donald Trump and endorsed Hillary Clinton 'î who abandoned four Americans to die in Benghazi 'î for President. 
Like the New Yorker that he is, Trump fired back, calling Allen 'a failed general.' 
Trump does have the endorsement of 184 non-failed and non-disgraced U.S. generals and admirals, including at least four 4-star and fourteen 3-star flag officers, as well as the endorsement of 14 Medal of Honor recipients. 
The endorsements began with an open letter on Sept. 6, 2016, from 88 retired U.S. general and admirals : 'The 2016 election affords the American people an urgently needed opportunity to make a long-overdue course correction in our national security posture and policy. As retired senior leaders of America's military, we believe that such a change can only be made by someone who has not been deeply involved with, and substantially responsible for, the hollowing out of our military and the burgeoning threats facing our country around the world. For this reason, we support Donald Trump's candidacy to be our next Commander-in-Chief. For the past eight years, America's armed forces have been subjected to a series of ill-considered and debilitating budget cuts, policy choices and combat operations that have left the superb men and women in uniform less capable of performing their vital missions in the future than we require them to be. Simultaneously, enemies of this country have been emboldened, sensing weakness and irresolution in Washington and opportunities for aggression at our expense and that of other freedom-loving nations. In our professional judgment, the combined effect is potentially extremely perilous. That is especially the case if our government persists in the practices that have brought us to this present pass. For this reason, we support Donald Trump and his commitment to rebuild our military, to secure our borders, to defeat our Islamic supremacist adversaries and restore law and order domestically. We urge our fellow Americans to do the same.' 
Two days later on Sept. 8, another 21 retired U.S. generals and admirals joined the list, followed by 31 more the next day, on Sept. 9, and another 44 on Sept. 16, bringing the total number of flag officers who have endorsed Trump to 184. 
Below is the list, as of Sept. 16, 2016, of the retired U.S. generals and admirals, who are endorsing Trump for President and Commander-In-Chief: General Burwell B. Bell III, US Army, Retired General Alfred G. Hansen, US Air Force, Retired Admiral Jerry Johnson, US Navy, Retired Lieutenant General William G. Boykin, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Marvin Covault, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Brett Dula, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Dan Duren, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Harold T. Fields, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Bruce L. Fister, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Gordon E, Fornell, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant Jay Garner, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Ron Hite, US Army, Retired Lieutenant Generals John I. Hudson, USMC, Retired Lieutenant General Harley Hughes, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Keith Kellogg, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Timothy A. Kinnan, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Joe Kinzer, US Army, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Bennett L. Lewis, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Frederick McCorkle, US MC, Retired Lieutenant General Thomas McInerney, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Clifford H. Rees, Jr. US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant James C. Riley, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General Hugh G. Smith, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General John B. Sylvester, US Army, Retired Lieutenant General David J. Teal, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General William E. Thurman, US Air Force, Retired Lieutenant General Jack Woodward, US Air Force, Retired Vice Admiral Mike Bucchi, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral Edward Clexton, Jr. US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral Bernard M. Kauderer, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral J. Theodore Parker, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral R.F.Schoultz, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral Robert Spane, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral Donald Thompson, US Coast Guard, Retired Vice Admiral Howard B. Thorsen, US Coast Guard, Retired Vice Admiral John Totushek, US Navy, Retired Vice Admiral Jerry Unruh, US Navy, Retired Major General Joe Arbuckle, US Army, Retired Major General John Bianchi, CSMR, Retired Major General Pat Brady, US Army, Retired Major General Bobby G. Butcher, US Marine Corps, Retired, Major General Henry D. Canterbury, US Air Force, Retired Major General Carroll D. Childers, US Army, Retired Major General Jeffrey Cliver, US Air Force, Retired Major General Tommy F. Crawford, US Air Force, Retired Major General Harley Davis, US Army, Retired Major General Felix Dupre, US Air Force, Retired Major General Neil Eddins, US Air Force, Retired Major General David W. Eidsaune, US Air Force, Retired Major General John R. Farrington, US Air Force, Retired Major General Dave Garza, US Marine Corps, Retired Major General William A. Gorton, US Air Force, Retired Major General Kenneth Hagemann, US Air Force, Retired Major General Gary L. Harrell, US Army, Retired Major General Geoffrey Higginbothan, US Marine Corps, Retired Major General Kent Hillhouse,US Army, Retired Major General Jerry D. Holmes, US Air Force, Retired Major General John A. Leide, US Army, Retired Major General James E. Livingston, USMC, Retired Major General John D. Logeman, Jr., US Air Force, Retired Major General Homer S. Long, US Army, Retired Major General Billy McCoy, US Air Force, Retired Major General Robert Messerli, US Air Force, Retired Major General John Miller, US Air Force, Retired Major General Ray O'Mara, US Air Force, Retired Major General George W.'Nordie' Norwood, US Air Force, Retired Major General Robert W. Paret, US Air Force MC, Retired Major General James W. Parker, US Army, Retired Major General Richard Perraut, US Air Force, Retired Major General R.V. Secord, US Air Force, Retired Major General Sidney Shachnow, US Army, Retired Major General Edison E. Scholes, US Army (Retired) Major General Richard A. Scholtes,US Army, Retired Major General Mark Solo, US Air Force, Retired Major General James N. Stewart, US Air Force, Retired Major General Michael Sullivan, US MC, Retired Major General Thomas R. Tempel, US Army, Retired Major General Richard L. Testa, US Air Force, Retired Major General Paul E. Vallely, US Army, Retired Major General John Welde, US Air Force, Retired Major General Kenneth W. Weir, US Marine Corps, Retired Major General Michael Wiedemer, US Air Force, Retired Rear Admiral Phillip Anselmo, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Peter Booth, US Navy,Retired Rear Admiral Thomas F. Brown III, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral James J. Carey,US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral, Larry Chambers, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Robert C. Crates, SC, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Mimi Drew, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Ernest Elliot, SC, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral James H. Flatley III, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Vance H. Fry, SC, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Byron Fuller, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral George M. Furlong, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Albert Gallotta, Jr. US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Michael R. Groothousen US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral William A. Guereck, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Dale Hagen, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral John G. Hekman, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Charles F. Horne III US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral William P Houley, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Grady L. Jackson, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral J. Adrian Jackson, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Frederick C. Johnson, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Pierce J. Johnson, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Jack Kavanaugh, SC, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Charles R.Kubic, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Rich Landolt, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Don Loren, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral William J. McDaniel, MD, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral E.S. McGinley II, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Fred Metz, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Douglas M. Moore Jr. SC US Navy. Retired Rear Admiral John A. Moriarty, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral David R. Morris, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral James A. Mozart, SC US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Ed Nelson, US Coast Guard, Retired Rear Admiral Philip R. Olsen, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Robert S. Owens, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Robert Passmore,US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral W.W. Pickavance, Jr., US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Leonard F. Picotte, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Brian C. Prindle, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Mike Roesner, SC USN, Retired Rear Admiral William J. Ryan, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral William L. Schachte, Jr., US Navy JAGC, Retired Rear Admiral William R. Schmidt, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral William H. Shawcross, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Hugh P. Scott, US Navy, MC, Retired Rear Admiral Gregory Slavonic, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Paul Sutherland, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Charles Williams, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral H. Denny Wisely, US Navy, Retired Rear Admiral Theodore J. Wojnar, US Coast Guard, Retired Brigadier General Charles L. Bishop, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Remo Butler, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Jimmy L. Cash, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General George P. Cole, Jr. US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Philip M. Drew, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Jerome V. Foust, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Norman Ham, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Thomas W. Honeywill, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Charles Jones, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Gary M. Jones, US Army, Retired Brigadier General James M. Johnston III, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Thomas J. Lennon, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Bruce Miketinac, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Bert Mizusawa, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Harold C. Morgan, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Stephen Mundt, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Mike Neil, US Marines Corps, Retired Brigadier general Robert V. Paschon, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Mark D. Scraba, US Army, Retired Brigadier General George L. Schulstad, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Richard M. Tabor, US Army, retired Brigadier General Hugh B. Tant III, US Army, Retired Brigadier General Troy Tolbert, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Robert F. Titus, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General William O. Walsh, US Air Force, Retired Brigadier General Robert V. Woods, US Air Force Retired Major General Admiral James 'Ace' Lyons, Retired 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

| July 10, 2016 at 4:05 pm | Reply 
Michael Flynn is more than a valued adviser to the presumptive GOP nominee. He's also a potential VP candidate. 
The growing chatter about his key role in the Trump campaign coincides with his new book, 'The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies,' scheduled for release July 12. A vice presidential trial balloon certainly would drive interest in the text, and possibly juice sales. 
He teamed up on the book with Michael Ledeen, a prominent member of a group of scholars and former government officials that helped shape the views of many top national security leaders in the George W. Bush administration. 
Follow us: @politico on Twitter | Politico on Facebook 
Michael Ledeen 
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
Work in the United States[edit] 
In the early 1980s, Ledeen appeared before the newly established Senate Subcommittee on Security and Terrorism, alongside former CIA director William Colby, author Claire Sterlingand former Newsweek editor Arnaud de Borchgrave. Both Ledeen and de Borchgrave worked for the Center for Strategic and International Studies at Georgetown University at the time.[6]All four testified that they believed the Soviet Union had provided for material support, training and inspiration for various terrorist groupings.[7] Ledeen was involved in the Iran'ìContra affair as a consultant of National Security Advisor Robert C. McFarlane. Ledeen vouched for Iranian intermediary Manucher Ghorbanifar. In addition, he met with Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres, officials of the Israeli Foreign Ministry and the Central Intelligence Agency to arrange meetings with high-ranking Iranian officials, whereby U.S supported Iranians would be given weapons by Israel, and would proceed to negotiate with Hizbollah for the release of hostages in Lebanon.[8] Ledeen's own version of the events is published in his book, Perilous Statecraft.[9] 
Yellowcake forgery allegations[edit] 
Main article: Niger uranium forgeries 
According to a September 2004 article by Joshua Micah Marshall, Laura Rozen, and Paul Glastris in Washington Monthly:[10]'The first meeting occurred in Rome in December, 2001. It included Franklin, Rhode, and another American, the neoconservative writer and operative Michael Ledeen, who organized the meeting. (According to UPI, Ledeen was then working for Undersecretary of Defense Douglas Feith as a consultant.) Also in attendance was Ghorbanifar and a number of other Iranians.' 
Colleagues Andrew McCarthy and Mark R. Levin have defended Ledeen, writing[11] 
Up until now, the fiction recklessly spewed by disgruntled intelligence-community retirees and their media enablers'îsome of whom have conceded that the claim is based on zero evidence'îhas been that Michael had something to do with the forged Italian documents that, according to the Left's narrative, were the basis for President Bush's 'lie' in the 2003 State of the Union Address that Saddam Hussein had obtained yellowcake uranium (for nuclear-weapons construction) in Africa. 
Iraq War advocacy[edit] 
Regarding the 'pre-emptive' invasion of Iraq, in 2002 Ledeen criticized the views of former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft, writing:[12] He fears that if we attack Iraq 'I think we could have an explosion in the Middle East. It could turn the whole region into a cauldron and destroy the War on Terror.' 
One can only hope that we turn the region into a cauldron, and faster, please. If ever there were a region that richly deserved being cauldronized, it is the Middle East today. If we wage the war effectively, we will bring down the terror regimes in Iraq, Iran, and Syria, and either bring down the Saudi monarchy or force it to abandon its global assembly line to indoctrinate young terrorists. 
That's our mission in the war against terror. Ledeen specifically called for the deposition of Saddam Hussein's regime by force in 2002: So it's good news when Scowcroft comes out against the desperately needed and long overdue war against Saddam Hussein and the rest of the terror masters.[12] and: Question #2: Okay, well if we are all so certain about the dire need to invade Iraq, then when do we do so? Ledeen: Yesterday[13] Ledeen's statements prior to the start of the Iraq war such as 'desperately needed and long overdue war against Saddam Hussein' and 'dire need to invade Iraq' caused Glenn Greenwald to label his later statement that he 'opposed the military invasion of Iraq before it took place' to be an 'outright lie'.[14] However, Ledeen maintains these statements are consistent since: 'I advocated'îas I still do'îsupport for political revolution in Iran as the logical and necessary first step in the war against the terror masters.'[15] 
Views on Iran[edit] 
Although Ledeen was in favor of invading Iraq, he also believes that Iran should have been the first priority in the 'war on terror.'[16] The New York Times describes Ledeen's views as 'everything traces back to Tehran'.[16] Ledeen's phrase, 'faster, please' has become a signature meme in Ledeen's writings (it is currently the title of his blog on the Pajamas Mediawebsite) and is often referenced by neoconservative writers advocating a more forceful and broader 'war on terror.' In 1979, Ledeen was one of the first Western writers to argue thatAyatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was a 'clerical fascist', and that while it was legitimate to criticize the Shah's regime, if Khomeini seized power in Iran the Iranian people would suffer an even greater loss of freedom and women would be deprived of political and social rights. He presently believes that 'No one in the West has yet supported Iranian democratic organizations' and that 'aggressive support for those Iranians who wish to be free' would most likely work in ending the clerical government.[17] 
According to Justin Raimondo, Ledeen 'holds up Bill Clinton and Madeleine Albright as patsies for Khomeini'îwho supposedly believed that the Ayatollah overthrew Shah Reza Pahlavibecause the Iranian government was 'excessively repressive and intolerant.' While it would not do to come right out and deny the savagery of the Shah's legendary SAVAK secret police, Ledeen informs us that, under the monarch's beneficent rule, 'Iran had become too modern, too tolerant'îespecially of women and of other religious faiths'îand too self-indulgent. The shah had Westernized Iran''îexcept, perhaps, in his prisons, where the ancient methods of torture were routinely employed on dissidents of all sorts.'[18] 
Ledeen is currently against both an invasion of Iran or air-strikes within the country.[17][19] He has argued that the latter may eventually become necessary if negotiations with the Iranian government fail, but it would only be the least bad option of many options and it would lead to many negative unforeseen consequences.[19] The New York Times has called Ledeen's skepticism towards military action against Iran surprising given his opposition to the regime.[16] In October 2007, Ledeen argued that:'Those who believe that I am part of some 'hawkish gang' just haven't noticed that I am opposed to invasion or bombing the nuclear facilities. My fear is that, by failing to promote a non-violent democratization of Iran, we make large-scale violence much more likely.' 
'In any event, time will tell, and I share the fear of most commenters [sic] that we will indeed arrive at a horrible choice between Iran with the bomb, or bomb Iran, as Sarkozy and Kouchner have put it. And if that happens, it will demonstrate a terrible failure on the part of the West, including the United States, to craft a serious Iran policy lo these many years.'[17]
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 3 Comments 
Four days ago, on October 24, 2016, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joe Dunford sent a fascinating piece of communication, titled ' Upholding Our Oath ,' to every member of the U.S. Armed Services. 
Note: General Joseph Dunford Jr. , 60, was the 36th Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps. Nominated by Obama, Dunford became the 19th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on October 1, 2015. 
This is what Gen. Dunford wrote : 
'As the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff'¶as our country again prepares for a peaceful transfer of power to a new administration, I write to share my views regarding our mutual obligations as military professionals and rights as citizens during this election season. 
Every service member swears 'to support and defend the Constitution of the United States' and to 'bear true faith and allegiance to the same.' This oath is embedded in our professional culture and underpins the values that shape and define our all-volunteer force. Beginning with General George Washington resigning his military commission, our deliberate and disciplined commitment to upholding the principle of civilian control of the military underpins not only our warrior ethos but also the expectations of how we conduct ourselves while in uniform. 
While we must always safeguard our professional integrity, extra vigilance is required during any political transition. Our individual and collective obligation during this election season is twofold. First, we must recognize that we have one Commander in Chief, and until authority is transferred on January 20, 2017, the Joint Force must remain clearly focused on and responsive to the existing National Command Authority. Second, the Joint Force must conduct itself in such a way that the new administration has confidence that it will be served by a professional, competent, and apolitical military. This is especially important in the context of delivering the best military advice. 
Every member of the Joint Force has the right to exercise his or her civic duty, including learning and discussing'ä'î'äeven debating'ä'î'äthe policy issues driving the election cycle and voting for his or her candidate of choice. Provided that we follow the guidance and regulations governing individual political participation, we should be proud of our civic engagement. What we must collectively guard against is allowing our institution to become politicized , or even perceived as being politicized, by how we conduct ourselves during engagements with the media, the public, or in open or social forums. 
We are living in the most volatile and complex security environment since World War II. Whether confronting violent extremist organizations seeking to destroy our way of life or dealing with state actors threatening international order, threats to our national security require a Joint Force that is ready, capable, and trusted. To that end, I have a duty to protect the integrity and political neutrality of our military profession. But this obligation is not mine alone. It belongs to every Soldier, Marine, Sailor, Airman, and Coastguardsman. Thank you for joining me in honoring our history, our traditions, and the institutions of the U.S. Armed Forces by upholding the principle of political neutrality .' 
Even without reading between the lines, General Dunford clearly has concerns about politicization of the military and its obligation and commitment to political neutrality and noninterference in politics. That the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff must remind members of the Armed Forces that they must 'uphold' their oath both suggests and implies that the opposite is going on, i.e., the military is politicized and there are fears that it will intervene in civilian politics. 
If this pic (below) of a young U.S. Marine is any indication, Gen. Dunford has good reasons to issue the 'Upholding Our Oath' communication. 
A year ago, a Rasmussen Reports national survey of active and retired military personnel found that only 15% had a favorable opinion of Hillary Clinton, with just 3% who viewed her very favorably. A staggering 81% had an unfavorable opinion of her , including 69% who had a very unfavorable view of her. 
A similar survey today is sure to find even higher unfavorable ratings for Hillary among those whom she would command as their Commander in Chief. 
H/t GiGi and TruthFeedNews
ARTICLE

Posted on February 2, 2011 by Dr. Eowyn | 3 Comments 
George Washington said this in his first Inaugural Address in 1789: 
'There exists in the economy and course of nature an indissoluble union between virtue and happiness '¶ we ought to be no less persuaded that the propitious smiles of Heaven can never be expected on a nation that disregards the eternal rules of order and right which Heaven itself has ordained .' 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is supposed to be America's elite police force, which upholds and is held to the highest moral-ethical standards. The FBI's motto is 'Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity'. 
But secret files reveal hundreds of FBI agents each year are disciplined for serious breaches of misconduct which include having sex with their sources and masturbating while watching porn at work. 
America's first President weeps'¶. 
~Eowyn 
Sex Files: FBI agents guilty of sleeping with sources, watching porn at work and searching files for addresses of 'hot' celebrities 
By Daniel Bates 'ì Daily Mail 'ì Feb 1, 2011 
It is supposed to be the nation's elite police force, working to the highest standards of all. But hundreds of FBI agents each year are in fact having to be disciplined for serious breaches of misconduct, secret files have revealed. 
In the past three years more than 1,000 FBI employees have been found guilty of inappropriate behaviour, including one agent who had a sexual relationship with a source. Another agent used FBI databases to get personal details about celebrities he thought were 'hot'. And one male member of staff shared confidential information with his news reporter girlfriend, and then threatened to release a sex tape the two had made unless she kept it quiet. 
The litany of misconduct was detailed in confidential summaries of disciplinary rulings obtained by CNN. The disclosure threatens to undermine the FBI's reputation for, as its own motto points out, 'Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity'. The bureau could also face harsh criticism over its refusal to fire any of those caught out, even though the offences were of a grave nature. 
Among the toughest punishments was for the agent who had the seven-month sexual relationship with a source. He was suspended for 40 days. Another employee drunkenly 'exploited his FBI employment' at a strip club by falsely claiming he was conducting an official investigation. He was suspended for 30 days. In another case a supervisor who viewed pornography in his office during work hours, while 'sexually satisfying himself' (so the file states) got a 35-day suspension. And an employee in a 'leadership position' misused a government database to check on two friends who were exotic dancers and allowed them into an FBI office after hours was ordered to stay away from work for 23 days. 
President of the FBI Agents' Association Konrad Motyka said such behaviour was 'never acceptable'. He added: 'Demonstrable incorrect conduct or criminal conduct is not acceptable and never should be'. 
FBI Assistant Director Candice Will defended the decision not to fire any of the employees caught out behaving inappropriately. She said that 500 cases of misconduct were referred to her in the bureau's Office of Professional Responsibility each year. Of those around 70 per cent 'ì or 350 'ì were disciplined, including 30 who were fired. 
The FBI employs 34,300 people, including 13,700 agents. 
Assistant Director Will said: 'We do have a no-tolerance policy. We don't tolerate our employees engaging in misconduct. 'We expect them to behave pursuant to the standards of conduct imposed on all FBI employees. It doesn't mean that we fire everybody. You know, our employees are human, as we all are. We all make mistakes. So, our discipline is intended to reflect that. We understand that employees can make mistakes, will make mistakes. When appropriate, we will decide to remove an employee. When we believe that an employee can be rehabilitated and should be given a second chance, we do that.' Rate this:
ARTICLE

#CRUX NCA REF 1122930JG AIFL IPR TO USA FEC INSPECTOR GENERAL LA MCFARLAND DL 1 PAGE 25 OCTOBER 2016 2344 QUESTIONS TO BE PUT TO USA FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION INSPECTOR GENERAL MS LYNNE A MCFARLAND DL Following the public disclosure of vote rigging in the U.K. at the General Election in 2015 by Applied I F Limited on the sleazeexpo.wordpress.com Blog and repeated on the wirralinittogether.wordpress.com Blog, we respectfully ask the questions below to the Inspector General of the USA Federal Election Commission Ms Lynne A McFarland The answers to these questions such as these below, which should not be considered exhaustive, might help to dispel Mr Trump's legitimate concerns regarding potential Vote Rigging, and which have been expressed so clearly and publicly as what potentially might be expected at the Count on 8 November 2016 at the forthcoming USA Presidential Election? 1. Does The USA Have A Freedom Of Information Act Like The United Kingdom? 2. Does The Federal Election Commission Come Under The Freedom Of Information Act Of The USA? 3. Will The Federal Election Commission List Laws To Be Used At The 2016 Presidential Elections? 4. Does The USA Federal Election Commission, When Regulating USA Voting, Use A Voting Count Model In The Identical Way As The United Kingdom Electoral Commission Uses to Regulate UK Voting In England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland? 5. Is A Voting Count Model Defined Within The Election Laws Current in the USA? 6. Where Is The Voting Count Model Which Is To Be Used In The Presidential Voting Election Process On 8 November 2016 In The USA To Be Found Within USA Election Law Statutes? 7. What Is The Voting Count Model Used In The Presidential Voting Election Process In The USA? 8. Is The Voting Count Model Used In The Presidential Voting Election Process In The USA Based Upon Acts Of United Kingdom Parliament Such As The Ballot Act 1872, And Representation Of The People Act 1983? 9. Perhaps Such Questions Could Be Continued? Applied I F Limited
ARTICLE

  DCG | 7 Comments 
But it's perfectly acceptable when liberals do something similar to highlight their point. 
From Fox News : The Young Conservatives of Texas club at the University of Texas at Austin sparked outrage Wednesday after hosting an 'affirmative action bake sale' and charging people different prices based on their race and sex. 
The Dallas Morning News reported that a cookie at the sale cost $1.50 for Asian males, $1 for white males and 50 cents for African-American and Hispanic males. Native American men and women were given free cookies. 
Asian women had to pay $1.25, white women 75 cents and Hispanic and African-American women 25 cents. 
The club drew heavy scrutiny from a crowd of hundreds, but it insisted that the bake sale was a protest against the 'institutionalized racism' of affirmative action programs at colleges and universities . Some in the crowd chanted 'racists go home.' 
'Our protest was designed to highlight the insanity of assigning our lives value based on our race and ethnicity, rather than our talents, work ethic and intelligence,' club chairman Vidal Casta√±eda said. 'It is insane that institutional racism, such as affirmative action, continues to allow for universities to judge me by the color of my skin rather than my actions.' Gregory Vincent 
According to the paper, the Young Conservatives of Texas came under fire in 2013 for holding a similar bake sale. The university's vice president for diversity and community engagement Gregory J. Vincent called that sale 'deplorable.' 
This time, Vincent said this bake sale was 'inflammatory and demeaning.' 
'Yet focusing our attention on the provocative nature of the YCT's actions ignores a much more important issue: They create an environment of exclusion and disrespect among our students, faculty and staff ,' he said. 
He further questioned the club's motive behind the bake sale. 'In seeking an audience for their ideas, the YCT resorted to exercising one of the university's core values to the detriment of others,' he added. 'Such actions are counterproductive to true dialogue on our campus, and it is unrepresentative of the ideals toward which our community strives.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

  Dr. Eowyn | 8 Comments 
Friday is usually the day when controversial and incendiary news is dumped because the people doing the dumping are counting on Americans not paying due attention, preoccupied as they are with their plans for the weekend. 
Yesterday, October 28, 2016, 11 days before Election Day , came news that FBI Director James Comey sent a letter to congressional leaders and relevant committee chairmen that in the course of investigating 'an unrelated case,' the FBI found new emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the FBI's case on then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's unsecured private email server. As a result, the FBI is reopening its investigation of Hillary. 
The FBI began their investigation of Hillary in July, 2015. A year later, Comey announced that the FBI was not recommending charges against Hillary, saying 'no reasonable prosecutor' would bring such a case. But he did chastise the former secretary of state for being 'extremely careless' in her handling of sensitive information. For her part, Hillary continues to insist lie that her decision to use a private email server was merely a 'mistake,' that the emails contained no classified information, and that she violated no laws. 
Addressed to the respective Chairpersons of Congressional Committees on Intelligence, Judiciary, Appropriations, Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, below is Comey's brief letter of October 28, 2016 : 
U.S. Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Investigation Washington, D. C. 20535 
October 28, 2016 
Dear Messrs Chairmen: 
In previous congressional testimony, l referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton's personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. 
In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation. 
Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant , and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work , I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony. 
Sincerely yours, James B. Comey Director 
The 'unrelated case' is the FBI's investigation of illicit text messages (sextexts) sent to a 15-year-old female minor in North Carolina by Anthony Weiner, the disgraced former Congressman (D-NY) and estranged husband of Huma Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton. Note: Even after losing his Congressional seat after news broke of his sextexts and sending a picture of his erection to a woman, Weiner has continued with his sextexts. The most recent scandal was his sending , to a busty 40-something divorcee in California, a picture of himself with an erection, in bed next to his infant child ( New York Post ). 
As part of the probe, the FBI seized devices from Weiner, including a laptop computer shared by Weiner and Abedin. The laptop's hard drive reportedly contained thousands of Abedin's emails to Hillary and other State Department officials. 
Experts believe that since Comey's letter was sent just 11 days before the 2016 presidential election, the FBI must have found something significant despite Comey's assertion otherwise. 
Victoria Toensing, a former deputy assistant attorney general of the U.S. and a former assistant U.S. attorney, suspects agents came directly to Comey with evidence he could not ignore. Toensing said: 'Well, it couldn't be a trifling thing, because this is a big deal. You can see the brouhaha this is causing, so it couldn't just be a little incident over email. It has to be pretty significant.' 
Toensing and her husband, former U.S. Attorney Joe diGenova, have publicly discussed the number of career FBI and Justice Department employees who are disgusted that Hillary was not prosecuted for her 'careless' handling of classified information and that Comey refused even to recommend charges. She believes Comey may have acted Friday with that internal criticism in mind: 'I think he's felt the heat. If nobody had criticized him at all he might have made this go under the rug. He knows he's in a glass house.' 
Predictably, the news that it was Anthony Weiner's sexual indiscretions that led the FBI to re-open its investigation of Hillary mere days before the presidential election, resulted in a flurry of jokes, puns and innuendos, such as 'Cocktober Surprise'. But the best line is from ZeroHedge reader Omega_Man: 
BREAKING: DNC-Clinton campaign, along with Donna Brazile, have stated that the young girl Weiner was flirting with was actually Vladimir Putin in disguise. 
How ironic that the political ambitions of Hillary 'î the woman who means to be America's first female president 'î may be scuttled by two dicks. Already neck-deep in the ever-increasing number of women who accuse Bill Clinton of sexual harassment, rape, and fathering a child out of wedlock, Hillary now finds herself re-enmeshed in FBI investigation as a result of Anthony Weiner's sexual exploits. 
It's self-proclaimed feminist Hillary's karmic payback for not just turning a blind eye to her husband's decades of abusing women, but scapegoating and blaming his victims as sluts and floozies.
ARTICLE

  DCG | 7 Comments 
From Daily Mirror : Rows of tatty tents line the pavements of Paris as refugees exiled from Calais find a new place to set up camp. 
The number of UK-bound migrants sleeping in illegal camps in Paris has increased by a third since the destruction of the Calais Jungle , it has emerged. 
It raises the prospect of the French capital turning into the new hub for thousands of asylum seekers seeking a new life in Britain. 
Paris's first official refugee camp is due to open within the next few days, and it is expected to become a magnet for even more refugees. The new facility will be men only, and only take 400 migrants at a time. Even then, they will only be able to stay for a maximum of ten weeks at a time. It will open close to the Gare du Nord Eurostar hub, from where high speed trains travel to and from London. 
A total of 5,596 people have been evacuated since the operation to raze the Jungle shantytown in Calais began on Monday morning. While most have been bused to some 450 resettlement centres around France, up to 5,000 more are thought to have travelled away independently . 
Heloise Mary, a member of France's office for the welcome and accompaniment of migrants , said numbers in Paris had shot up. Referring to a camp close to the Stalingrad Metro in the north of Paris, she told the BFM news channel: 'We've gone from two thousand to three thousand in two days with the closure of Calais.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

  DCG | 2 Comments 
Rules are for little people. 
From Daily Mail : Hillary Clinton did not disclose 'expensive gifts,' free vacations, and complimentary private jet travel her family received from business interests while she was at the State Department, according to leaked emails and federal disclosure records reviewed by the DailyMail.com. 
Long-time Clinton aide Doug Band claimed in a confidential 2011 memo published by Wikileaks this week that he helped obtain free vacations and personal travel for Bill Clinton and his family as part of his duties. 
During Hillary Clinton's tenure at the State Department, she did not report any gifts or travel reimbursements for herself or her spouse in her financial disclosure filings. 
'In support of the President's for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family 'ì for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like,' wrote Band in the Nov. 16, 2011 memo to attorneys conducting an internal review of the Clinton Foundation. 
He added that his job involved 'supporting [Bill Clinton's] family/personal needs (e.g., securing in-kind private airplane travel, in-kind vacation stays, and supporting family business and personal needs).' 
The memo did not say whether Hillary Clinton was one of Bill Clinton's family members who received vacations, gifts, or personal travel. Band did not respond to request for comment. 
In November 2011, according to the memo, the telecommunications company Ericsson agreed to give Bill Clinton $400,000 in private plane travel. The company also paid the former president an additional $750,000 to speak at its conference that month in Hong Kong. 
It was the largest speaking fee Bill Clinton had received up until that point, and with the added plane fare, the payment reached well over $1 million. 
Although Hillary Clinton reported in her disclosure filings that her husband received a $750,000 honorarium for the speech, she did not disclose the additional $400,000 in private plane expenses from Ericsson in the spousal income or gifts and reimbursements sections . 
In another Nov. 17, 2011 email, Band complained that Bill Clinton was not required to submit an internal conflict-of-interest disclosure form 'ì unlike other top officials at the Clinton Global Initiative 'ì despite the fact that the former president received 'expensive gifts' for his home from CGI sponsors . Bill Clinton and Doug Band 
Bill Clinton 'does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by 3 CGI sponsors, gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home etc,' wrote Band. 
Hillary Clinton did not disclose any gift or travel expenses that she or her husband received while at the State Department. The federal disclosure form requires officials to report gifts to themselves or a spouse totalling more than $350 from a single source, such as 'tangible items, transportation, lodging, food, or entertainment' and 'travel-related cash reimbursements.' 
However, a federal official does not have to disclose gifts to a spouse that are 'totally independent of their relationship' 'ì for example, business-related benefits that a spouse receives from his employer. While many of the companies involved in CGI and Bill Clinton's for-profit business had interests before the State Department, government ethics experts said it can be difficult to determine whether a gift to a public official's spouse is connected to their relationship . 
It is also unclear whether Hillary Clinton travelled on any of these 'personal trips' and 'in-kind vacations,' which Band wrote were given to Bill Clinton's 'family.' The Clintons have a 36-year-old daughter, Chelsea, who is also involved in the Clinton Foundation. 
A spokesperson for Clinton's campaign did not respond to request for comment. 
According to the National Legal and Policy Center, a government watchdog group, failure to report certain gifts in a financial disclosure form could violate the Ethics in Government Act or the Federal False Statements Act. 
Federal laws 'require full disclosure of such expensive gifts and reimbursements when special interests use a spouse to target a government official,' said Ken Boehm, chairman of the NLPC. 
'The just-disclosed emails of Clinton associate Doug Band that Bill Clinton and his family members benefitted from hundreds of thousands of dollars in free travel and gifts from special interests while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State raises substantial ethical and legal issues because the Financial Disclosure reports filed by Secretary Clinton does not show these expensive gifts and reimbursements,' said Boehm. 
DCG
ARTICLE

| October 29, 2016 at 10:52 am | Reply 
The Great Climate Change Bamboozle 
'The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.' H. L. Mencken 
Earth's carbon cycle contains 46,713 Gt (E15 gr) +/- 850 Gt (+/- 1.8%) of stores and reservoirs with a couple hundred fluxes Gt/y (+/- ??) flowing among those reservoirs. Mankind's gross contribution over 260 years was 555 Gt or 1.2%. (IPCC AR5 Fig 6.1) Mankind's net contribution, 240 Gt or 0.53%, (dry labbed by IPCC to make the numbers work) to this bubbling, churning caldron of carbon/carbon dioxide is 4 Gt/y +/- 96%. (IPCC AR5 Table 6.1) Seems relatively trivial to me. IPCC et. al. says natural variations can't explain the increase in CO2. With these tiny percentages and high levels of uncertainty how would anybody even know? 
Mankind's modelled additional atmospheric CO2 power flux (W/m^2, watt is power, energy over time) between 1750 and 2011, 261 years, is 2 W/m^2 of radiative forcing. (IPCC AR5 Fig SPM.5) Incoming solar RF is 340 W/m^2, albedo reflects 100 W/m^2 (+/- 30 & can't be part of the 333), 160 W/m^2 reaches the surface (can't be part of the 333), latent heat from the water cycle's evaporation is 88 W/m2 (+/- 8). Mankind's 2 W/m^2 contribution is obviously trivial, lost in the natural fluctuations. 
One popular GHE theory power flux balance ('Atmospheric Moisture'¶. Trenberth et al 2011jcli24 Figure 10) has a spontaneous perpetual loop (333 W/m^2) flowing from cold to hot violating three fundamental thermodynamic laws. (1. Spontaneous energy out of nowhere, 2. perpetual loop w/o work, 3. cold to hot w/o work, 4. doesn't matter because what's in the system stays in the system) Physics must be optional for 'climate' science. What really counts is the net W/m^2 balance at ToA which 7 out of 8 re-analyses included in the above cited paper concluded the atmosphere was cooling, not warming (+/- 12.3 W/m^2). Of course Dr. Trenberth says they are wrong because their cooling results are not confirmed by his predicted warming, which hasn't happened for twenty years. ('All of the net TOA imbalances are not tenable and all except CFSR imply a cooling of the planet that clearly has not occurred.') 
Every year the pause/hiatus/lull/stasis continues (IPCC AR5 Box TS.3) IPCC's atmospheric and ocean general circulation models diverge further from reality. 
As Carl Sagan observed, we have been bamboozled, hustled, conned by those wishing to steal our money and rob us of our liberties. Hardly a new agenda. 
BTW I have a BSME same as Bill Nye so I'm as much a scientist as he is.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by DCG | 7 Comments 
From Campus Reform : Grinnell College (a private liberal arts college in Iowa) is promoting a guide to help students avoid 'cultural appropriation' this Halloween , warning that some costumes could be considered 'deplorable and problematic.' (Gee, wonder where they got the idea for the word 'deplorable?') 
The guide provides several examples of costumes that might fit the definition of 'cultural appropriation,' defining the term as 'the act of displaying people's cultures in a disrespectful or condescending manner.' 
The guide, called 'My Identity, Not Your Costume,' goes on to list several examples of 'offensive' Halloween costumes, featuring pictures of Grinnell students holding photos of costumes that would be considered disrespectful towards their culture. 
In one instance, the guide shows a picture of a burly white man dressed in lingerie with a sash proclaiming 'Call me Caitlyn,' referring to Caitlyn Jenner. The photo is held by a Grinnell student wearing a 'National Coming Out Day' pin, and includes a caption stating, 'the misrepresentation of my identity bothers me because people categorize me by my looks and may not understand my culture.' You just don't understand this culture'¶ 
Another example of culturally appropriated Halloween costumes, according to the guide, is 'using other cultures as accessories to appear more hip/interesting without adequate understanding or permission ,' one example of which is a picture of someone dressed as a Hindu deity being held by an Indian student and the message that such costumes are 'deplorable and problematic.' 
It then warns students that if their costumes take 'defining characteristics of another culture' without 'permission , or understanding of the historical background behind the said culture,' then these costumes might be too offensive to wear. 
The guide then concludes with two questions the school thinks students should consider before selecting a Halloween costume, asking, 'Does your costume perpetuate stereotypes or inaccurately portray my culture as a joke?' as well as 'Why would I find your 'Halloween costume' to be offensive?' 
Campus Reform reached out to Grinnell for a comment on the matter but did not receive a response in time for publication. 
To donate to Campus Reform , go here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Transcript: 
'My dear fellow Americans, 
We are all feeling tremendous anxiety with only a few weeks left to the election. This will be the most important election in American history. 
We were once a country a freedom, and now we're becoming a country of tyranny. We are witness to our own people burning down and looting our cities: Ferguson, Missouri; Milwaukee; Atlanta; Florida; Baltimore. We are all witness to our own people killing our policemen. Islamic terrorists have killed thousands of people all over our country, and Hillary and Obama want to be politically correct and pretend all the killings are not happening. 
How many Americans are aware of George Soros? 'î an evil man who turned hundreds of Jewish people over to the Nazis to be exterminated during World War Two. He was interviewed on '60 Minutes' and was asked if he feels guilty for what he's done, and arrogantly he said, 'Absolutely not. If I didn't do it, someone else would have.' Soros is a billionaire who makes most of his money manipulating currencies and almost bankrupting many countries. He supports hate groups responsible for taking down our cities. He's a close friend of Hillary Clinton and a major supporter of her campaign. 
Robert De Niro is a millionaire, as are so many of our Hollywood stars who are voting for Hillary, and who have absolutely no tolerance for anyone of a different opinion, forgetting that that is what our country is founded on 'î freedom of choice. But they will not be affected by Hillary's open borders. Only the poor and middle class will suffer. Thousands of refugees will flood our nation, and no one will know the good guys from the bad guys. It will kill our economy, which is at an all time low now under years of Obama's presidency, and Hillary boasts of how proud she will be to continue Obama's legacy! 
No one can afford health insurance now. Prices for health care have gone through the roof. Thanks to Obamacare, our once reasonable health care is gone. With Hillary as president, we will lose our Second Amendment with our right to bear arms. Freedom of religion will be attacked, and Hillary will try to stop all conservative voices on TV and radio. Our highest courts will become socialists, and she will restrict what America was founded on 'î our freedom to become a small business owner, and pursue our own personal dreams. 
She has blood on her hands from the Benghazi terrorist raid. Four of our American patriots died. And when the parents stood over their loved ones' coffins, she lied to them about the cause of their sons' deaths. 
The pendulum of freedom is not balanced. Hillary and her followers are running a cruel campaign to stop and degrade all of Trump's followers. Her words were echoed loud and clear for all Americans to hear. Hillary said, 'Trump's followers are a basket of deplorables. They are unredeemable.' 
May God protect the real truth, and may Donald Trump win this presidency. He will save our America, and he will certainly make it great again. 
Thank you.'
ARTICLE

Posted on July 4, 2014 by Dr. Eowyn | 37 Comments 
Yesterday, after officiating at a wedding of two sodomites in New York, comedienne Joan Rivers outed the president and first lady of the United States as a homosexual and transgender, respectively. (See Steve's post here .) 
Rivers was asked by an off-camera reporter: 'Do you think the country '¶ United States will see the first gay president or first woman president?' 
This is what Joan Rivers said, sounding weary and definitely not in a joking mood: 
'We already have [the first gay president] with Obama, so let's just calm down. You know Michelle is a tranny'¶ a transgender. We all know. ' We all know. 
Of course, by 'we,' Joan Rivers wasn't referring to ordinary American people, aka the sheeple who pay the taxes that (barely) holds the U.S. government together, who pay the movie tickets that maintain the Hollyweirdos in their extravagant and debauched 'lifestyle'. 
So who are those 'we' who 'all know' all along that Obama is 'gay' and his 'wife' Michael 'î oops, Michelle 'î is really a man? Clue No. 1 
Remember that Newsweek cover of May 21, 2012, proclaiming Obama to be 'The First Gay President'? 
Newsweek 's orgasmic cover was prompted by Obama's reversal of the military's long-standing 'don't ask don't tell' policy and his open support of 'gay marriage.' 
The weekly magazine's accompanying cover story was written by the political pundit Andrew Sullivan, a public (i.e., outed) homosexual who wrote that Obama's support of gay marriage had brought him to tears. (Lest you get all misty-eyed sentimental, he's the same Andrew Sullivan who once said 'gay marriage' does NOT mean monogamy. As he put it oh so delicately : 'there is more likely to be greater understanding of the need for extramarital outlets between two men than between a man and a woman.') 
At the time, we the sheeple thought Newsweek didn't literally mean Obama is 'the first gay president'. 
Think again. 
Homosexuals pride themselves on their gaydar. They have to, in order to find each other because homosexuals constitute only 3% of the U.S. population, according to the Williams Institute , UCLA's LGBT research think tank. That means Andrew Sullivan already knew Barack Hussein Obama is a homosexual, just as another public homosexual 'î conservative blogger Kevin Dujan of HillBuzz 'î has known all along. Clue No. 2 
7 months after the Newsweek cover, Candy 'î the first transexual style magazine 'î caused a brief publicity stir when it chose for its cover a transgender model, Connie Fleming, bearing a decided resemblance to Michelle Obama. (See DCG's post about this here .) 
In the words of Daily Mail : 'A striking transgender model made up to look like Michelle Obama being sworn into office has been put on the front cover of a U.S. magazine'¶. Fleming is dressed in typical First Lady fashion, down to the pearl necklace. Even the hair style is reminiscent of President Barack Obama's wife, Michelle. ' 
For Candy to do a cover story on a transgender U.S. president is bold enough, why pick a BLACK male-to-female transgender for its cover? And not just any black MtF transgender but one who resembles Michelle? Then have the model wear a wig just like Michelle's and a sleeveless dress just like Michelle's, exposing Fleming's toned muscular arms, of which Michael Obama is so proud and for which he is celebrated by all the Obama idolators in the MSM? Clue No. 3 
Fast forward 1¬Ω years to Time magazine's cover of June 9, 2014, proclaiming that we're at a 'Transgender Tipping Point: America's Next Civil Rights Frontier.' (See my post, ' Transgender surgery now covered by bankrupt Medicare '.) 
For its cover picture, Time could have chosen any number of transgenders 'î male-to-female or female-to-male; white, black, yellow, brown. 
But the magazine chose a BLACK male-to-female transgender, an obscure actor named Laverne Cox who also bears an uncanny resemblance to Michelle Obama. As observant FOTM commenter motherbarbarian noted: 'Looking at that Time cover photo, I am reminded of Michael Obama. Same sculpted arms and muscled legs.' 
Wink, wink. Nudge, nudge. 
Friends, we've been played. 
'We all know.' They all know. 
Joan Rivers, Andrew Sullivan, Newsweek , Candy , Time , and all the denizens of the 'liberal' media and Hollywood have known all along. 
See our posts:
ARTICLE

The American Medical Association defines an 'alcoholic' as someone who: Has a prolonged period of frequent, heavy alcohol use. Is unable to control drinking once it has begun. Has withdrawal symptoms when the individual stops using alcohol. Needs to use more and more alcohol to achieve the same effects. Has a variety of social and/or legal problems arising from alcohol use. 
By that definition, Hillary Clinton is an alcoholic. Exhibit A 
In an email to Hillary's campaign chairman John Podesta on August 8, 2015, Director of Communications for Hillary's campaign Jennifer Palmieri wrote, referring to Hillary: 
'I think you should call her and sober her up some.' 
Here's a screenshot of the email released by WikiLeaks : Exhibit B 
On Feb. 23, 2015, Hillary's spokesman Nick Merrill sent an email (presumably to Hillary's campaign staff) with the subject: 'HRC Clips' (news clips on Hillary Rodham Clinton). The news clips that day included an article by Benjamin Bell for ABC News titled, 'One Thing That Might Surprise You About Hillary Clinton,' which Merrill reproduced in its entirety in his email. 
Bell's article was an interview with New York Times national political reporter Amy Chozick, on whether Hillary Clinton would announce she's running for the presidency. One of the questions Bell asked Chozick was: 'Covering [Hillary] Clinton, what is one thing that has surprised you about her?' 
Chozick answered: 
'Hmm. She likes to drink. We were on the campaign trail in 2008 and the press thought she was just taking shots to pander to voters in Pennsylvania. Um, no.' 
Here's a composite screenshot of the relevant part of Merrill's email, from WikiLeaks : Exhibit C 
According to the National Enquirer , 'top staffers' of Hillary's campaign told the Enquirer 'they even began this year's presidential campaign by secretly planning a stint in rehab for Hillary.' But any rehab therapy 'quickly failed amid the pressures of the campaign' and 'the effort of making a deal over an FBI probe into her e-mail scandal'. 
A source said, 'The stress of her political career, the never-ending scandals and her worsening health plunged her into a life-threatening booze hell. She turned to drink to drown her fears. Hillary tries to hide her problem, like she lies about so many things.' A 'close friend' of Hillary added, ' Hillary has been drinking heavily for years to forget her miserable marriage to serial cheater Bill. She's also hit the bottle to cope with other stress, as well as the boredom of flying all over the world when she was Secretary of State.' 
One 'Hillary insider' told the Enquirer that Hillary 'has blackouts and wakes up wondering where she is and what she has done ' and that 'She's not fit to be President'. 
Certainly, Hillary must be drunk when she obscenely ground against the twerking black woman (see below) because no sane person in her then position as U.S. Secretary of State would behave like this in public. 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by DCG | 2 Comments 
Ain't multiculturalism grand? 
From Express UK : The Ethiopian vicar was visiting the town of Raunheim on the outskirts of Frankfurt when the pre-teens started throwing stones at him. 
Dressed in traditional priest's gear and wearing a cross around his neck, the 47-year-old was walking to the Russian Orthodox chapel in Frankfurter Stra√üe with a local priest, who wished to remain anonymous, when he was attacked. 
The three children, aged between 10 and 12-years-old, shouted 'Allahu Akhbar' as they threw the stones , the other priest who was visiting from a nearby church said. Both priests tried to take photos of the children with their mobile phones, but the youngsters were too quick and managed to escape. 
Alexandra Rang, a Russian Orthodox hotel owner who built the chapel a few years ago, said she could not believe what the two priests told her at first. She said to be pelted with stones is the 'worst thing a priest can imagine'. 
Raunheim social worker Dr. Isack Majura said he was going to do everything possible to get hold of the children. He said: 'What happened is absolutely unacceptable.' 
Municipal staff said different religious groups in Frankfurt are generally on good terms and they are treating the incident as isolated . He said there has been a strong Christian-Muslim dialogue between the local mosque and church communities which has been cultivated over many years. 
Germany is facing a crisis following Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door migrant policy which saw more than 1.1million refugees entering the country last year. 
She is now backtracking on the policy, closing up some of Germany's borders, but in some areas the impact is being heavily felt. 
Yesterday, Express.co.uk revealed pupils at a girl's primary school in the German ski resort of Garmisch-Partenkirchen are being forced to chant 'Allahu Akhbar' and 'there is no God but Allah'. A father of a pupil claimed his daughter had been ' forced ' by teachers to memorise the Islamic chants. 
Weeks before, parents complained their children's nursery was refusing to acknowledge 'Christmas rituals' such as putting up a Christmas tree or singing carols to accommodate the 'diverse cultures' of other pupils. 
The school said they made the decision because the majority of children at the kindergarten are not Christian. 
Migrants now outnumber native children in many Germany schools. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
On October 14th I told you about how the Seattle Schools were organizing a 'Black Lives Matter' Day in an effort to close the achievement gap between black and white students. 
Apparently the students at Todd Beamer High School in Federal Way (south of Seattle) thought that would be a great idea as well. Turns out the event didn't go as planned. You will follow the program'¶ 
From MyNorthwest.com : As the Federal Way controversy over a high school Black Lives Matter event continues, one person is not around school to see how tensions are being addressed. 
'I feel very unsafe going back to that school,' said Ellie Mae Haine, further saying she feels like she is in danger at Todd Beamer High School. 'As it stands right now I don't feel safe going to that school,' she said. 'There's no possible way I could go back right now.' 
Ellie is a 14-years-old freshman at Todd Beamer High School. 
One week ago, a student was arrested after allegedly fighting, and then assaulting an on-campus police officer. A Black Lives Matter event was organized the following week 'î kids were encouraged to wear black . It was organized by students. But Haine did not want to participate. 
'We were all pressured into wearing black because it seemed that most of the teachers agreed with this movement ,' Ellie said. 'And we couldn't' decide whether we should participate or not. And I just went for it and didn't participate. 
'When it comes down to it, I don't think it should have anything to do with race. I just thought it was someone who didn't have enough discipline or respect for authority.' 
Tensions between students who supported the Black Lives Matter event and those who did not participate erupted in the days since the initial arrest. It led to a school board meeting, where Ellie spoke, saying: 'I still don't understand why we were told to wear black to show support for this girl who has assaulted police officers more than just last week.' Todd Beamer High School Principal Joni Hall 
The next day, Ellie returned to school. 
'The day after the school board meeting, I came to school,' she said. 'Everything went well until lunch. We were standing in the hallway outside of the cafeteria 'ì I was with about 15 friends.' 
'The girl who had been arrested and who assaulted the cop, she came up to me and started yelling profanities in my face and seemed really angry,' Ellie said. ' Before I had any time to explain myself, a mob of 50-60 angry students came yelling my name. Most of them I didn't know. My friends pushed me behind them because they saw that this wasn't good.' 
Teachers came and were pushing back the crowd of students. Ellie found a police officer in the lunch room nearby. He escorted her outside the building. Her mom came to pick her up and the officer advised that the freshman stay away from school for a couple of days until things calmed down . 
Ellie and her mom met with school officials and some of the high school's Black Lives Matter students. She said that one of the Black Lives Matter students said he didn't like how things had turned out. He offered to escort her from class to class and defend her if need be. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Before the LORD the whole universe is as a grain from a balance or a drop of morning dew come down upon the earth. But you have mercy on all, because you can do all things; and you overlook people's sins that they may repent. For you love all things that are and loathe nothing that you have made; for what you hated, you would not have fashioned. And how could a thing remain, unless you willed it; or be preserved, had it not been called forth by you? But you spare all things, because they are yours, O LORD and lover of souls, for your imperishable spirit is in all things! Therefore you rebuke offenders little by little, warn them and remind them of the sins they are committing, that they may abandon their wickedness and believe in you, O LORD! New map of the Universe 
Here's a video on 3,000 scientists and professors with Ph.D.s who became believers of Creation, based on evidence, not faith. Some examples are Duane Gish, Cornell U. researcher with a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from U.C. Berkeley; Henry Morris, Ph.D., professor of Hydraulic Engineering at Virginia Tech. 
Pull quotes from the video, spoken by Dr. Jerry Bergman, co-author of the book Persuaded by the Evidence : 
1:09 mark: 'The book basically summarizes accounts of why people became creationists . . . . So many people believe that creationists are . . . just born that way or raised that way . . . . We want to show that many people became creationists because of the scientific evidence. In fact, many people in the book, including myself, became creationists by the evidence, not because we were raised this way.' 
6:55 mark: 'In fact, when I was an atheist, we used to often call these, what they call theistic evolutionists, 'useful idiots' . . . and that term was heard over and over again. They felt they're [theistic evolutionists] useful for now. Once we convince the world of Darwinism . . . then there'll be no need for religion, and they [theistic evolutionists] in essence are digging their own grave.' 
8:07 mark: 'Many [of the 3,000 scientists and professors in the book] stress very strongly that I would not be a Christian today if it was not for my study of evolution and my realization that evolution is not supportable by the science. And therefore they became creationists, and then they became Christians.' 
8:54 mark: 'I began to question atheism for a number of reasons. One reason was a lot of the scholarship that atheists did, I realized due to a lot of reading, was just not valid. Like the claims about Galileo and Bruno, and the claims that the Church executed many, many scientists because of their science. I realized that these claims are just not true, they're just false. So I became disillusioned with atheist scholarship. And the next step was, indeed, is there any evidence for evolution because a major reason why many people are atheists is because they are convinced we do not need a Creator to account for the origin of life and the Universe. This is a foundational doctrine of atheism. So I decided, 'Well, if this is not true, if evolution is not valid, then that negates the reason why many people are atheists.'' 
11:28 mark: The evolutionary progression from ape to man that's 'commonly presented' is 'either faked or they are distorted or the evidence is very unpersuasive for what they call a monkey or primate into man.' 
11:48 mark: 'Dogmatic evolution, I find, is interfering with science . . . because you are looking at the world with very distorted glasses. You're not looking at what's there; you're looking at what you want to see there . . . . You must not force the facts into an evolutionary interpretation, and this all too often is done.' 
An example of science forcing the facts into an evolutionary interpretation is pseudogenes and junk DNA. 12:33 mark: 'It was said for a long time that . . . 95% of the DNA is junk, it has no function . . . . I said all we can say now is we don't know that it has a function . . . . Over and over I argued with colleagues about this. Now it's widely recognized that much, if not most, possibly almost all of this so-called junk DNA now we know has a function. Much of it has a regulatory function.' Helix Nebula , dubbed 'Eye of God,' in the constellation Aquarius, 700 light years from Earth. 
May the peace and love of Jesus Christ our Lord be with you! 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on January 23, 2012 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 While we were transfixed and distracted by the Newt vs. Mitt drama in South Carolina, Obama has quietly begun war with Iran 'î without informing the American people (or Congress?). 
This is the startling assertion made by James Rickards in an interview on January 13 with King World News. 
Rickards is a Senior Managing Director of Tangent Capital in New York, whose advisory clients include government directorates around the world. He is the author of Currency Wars: The Making of the Next Global Crisis (Penguin/Portfolio, 2011). Rickards is also the man who had negotiated the release of American hostages from Iran in 1981, and continues to be involved in US national security issues and the Department of Defense. 
This is what Rickards told King World News about the situation in Iran: 'The fact that we, meaning the United States, are on a path to a war with Iran is very clear at this point. It does seem the countdown has begun and it's coming to a head sooner rather than later. Things are moving very quickly. General Martin Dempsey, who is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has arrived in Israel and Israel is integrating itself with the U.S. European Command or EUCOM. So, at this point, the integration of the Israeli and the US operational capability, including NATO based in Europe, is very far along. There are an enormous number of US troops in Israel. I don't know if people realize that, but they are operating the THAAD system (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense). They oversee weapons that will shoot down incoming Iranian missiles. There are joint exercises going on between the US and Israel. At the same time Iran is conducting war games. There are a lot of moving pieces on the chessboard at this point. This is not just war gaming or thinking about what might happen, the pieces have actually begun to move on the chessboard. For Israel this is really existential. The US would really like to see a world where Iran did not have nuclear weapons, but for Israel it is not a preference. If Iran gets nuclear weapons, Iran has said they will burn Israel to the ground. So, this is not just a strategic rebalancing, this is life or death for the Israelis'¶.. All of the information I have is that the US is going to do it (attack Iran). So the tension between Israel and the United States is being resolved in favor of letting the US actually launch the attack. Part of the reason for this is the retaliation vector. If the US attacks and Israel keeps out, then Iran has no justification for attacking Israel. They (Iran) will attack US targets in the Middle-East, but we're ready for that, we're prepared for that. We will suppress the missiles and their air force is a joke, we'll take that out in the first day. But they do have a serious missile capability. We'll need anti-missile warfare and we will need to strike those bases. We will need to do a lot of other damage to Iran, cyber warfare, take down the power grid, take down the command and control structure. Do whatever we can to stop them from attacking our assets in the Middle-East. This war will be fought with air power, sea power, cyberwarfare, financial warfare, sabotage, special operation, assassination, things like that. This is already going on. As an example, yesterday a prominent Iranian nuclear scientist had an unlucky encounter with a magnet bomb. So this war is already being fought. The other day the United States sanctioned the Central Bank of Iran. By the way, we've been sanctioning them for years, but we've been dialing it up little by little. It's like the frog that's boiled in a pot of water and doesn't know until it's too late that the water is getting hot. President Obama sanctioned the central bank about a week ago. The Iranian currency, the rial, dropped 30% in a single day. Hyperinflation has broken out in Iran. This is financial warfare. My point to the listeners is this is not theoretical, this is not a war game, not an exercise, it's happening now and the clock is ticking.' USS Abraham Lincoln 
Rickards' startling claim is verified by the UK's Telegraph this morning . 
In defiance of Iran's threat to close the critical Strait of Hormuz, the United States, Britain, and France have deployed six warships to the Strait, led by the USS Abraham Lincoln. The 100,000 ton nuclear-powered aircraft carrier entered the Persian Gulf yesterday. 
That we are at war with Iran is also confirmed by a defense expert in the Australian government, a member of a military-strategic e-mail list I'm on. This is what he wrote about Rickards' claim: 'Got back from leave today and had our first major brief. The interesting thing to come out of it was that everyone in the 4 Eyes community regard ourselves at being in warlike mode, even though there is no 'declared' war. We are at war. It's just that the general public can't see it. We are certainly of the view that we have been at a cyber war for the last 12 years.' 
God help us.
ARTICLE

Posted on August 16, 2013 by Dr. Eowyn | 143 Comments Jonathan Foster (l); Mona Nelson (r). Would the media report this if Foster wore a hoodie? 
We couldn't escape the media's 24-7 coverage of the death of 17-year-old 5'≤ 11'≥ black teen Trayvon Martin and the trial of his shooter, half-Hispanic George Zimmerman. But have you heard or seen news about a 44-year-old black woman named Mona Nelson who is on trial for the murder-by-blow-torch of a 12-year-old white Texas boy, Jonathan Foster? 
Even worse, Nelson committed the murder more than 2¬Ω years ago, on Christmas Eve 2010 'î but we'd heard/seen NOTHING about this. 
That's because in Obama's America, blacks now enjoy 'black skin privilege' and Big Media simply turn a blind eye to black crimes, especially black-on-white crimes. 
As recounted by the UK's Daily Mail , 12-year-old Foster was reported missing from his home on Christmas Eve 2010, after his mother, Angela Davis, said she had received a strange call at her workplace from a gruff-sounding woman. Davis initially told police her boy was with a babysitter. But she later admitted that he was home alone. 
The boy's burned body was discovered on December 28 in a roadside ditch in Houston, Texas , not far from where he lived. 
Mona Nelson told local KTRK TV that a member of Jonathan's family had given her $20 to dump a plastic container on Christmas Eve. She said she was drunk on vodka and didn't know what was inside the container. 
But police revealed that Jonathan's burned body had not been discovered in a plastic container, but in a ditch. Police also say Nelson's truck was spotted on surveillance footage dumping something in the ditch where the boy's body was found. In addition, investigators discovered evidence at Nelson's apartment that allegedly links her to the crime, including burned carpet and twine similar to that used to bind Jonathan's hands. 
While denying she had killed Jonathan, insisting 'I'm not a monster. I have five grandkids and I love kids,' Nelson admitted having a cutting torch that she claims she used in her job as a welder. But police say she used the torch to burn the boy's body. Jonathan's home in Houston, Texas 
Cynthia Cisneros reports for KTRK on December 30, 2010, that police revealed more about Jonathan's abduction and murder at a news conference. Police believe the boy was home alone on Christmas Eve and was killed and his body dumped on that very same day. 
Nelson admitted to dumping Jonathan's badly burned body in northeast Houston off of East Hardy, but she denied killing the child. But surveillance cameras near where Jonathan's body was found showed Nelson to have lied. 
HPD Captain David Gott said around 6pm Christmas Eve, surveillance video showed a silver truck pull up to a ditch outside of a building on East Hardy. A person, whom neighbors and family identified as Nelson, can be seen getting out of the truck, taking a body out of the bed of the truck and placing it in on the ground. Nelson also drives a similar truck. Mona Nelson's apartment 
When authorities searched Nelson's apartment in northwest Houston, they found 'a wealth of evidence' that showed Jonathan's body was burned at Nelson's residence, as well as the tools (torches and welding tools) used to burn the boy. Authorities say Nelson is a maintenance worker who works with tools and torches. Authorities believe Jonathan was taken there, killed and burned beyond recognition the same day within hours. Twine used to tie Jonathan was also found inside Nelson's home. Jonathan's burnt body was identified by his dental records. 
A next door neighbor, Rita Jackson said Nelson was there while Jonathan's family was looking for him on Christmas Eve: 'Yeah, she was just sitting there, looking at what was going on.' Police also said they believe Nelson is a a predator who has done this before and that they don't believe her brutality begins with Jonathan. 
The horrible details of Jonathan's murder were too much for several detectives who struggled to keep from crying. 
'There are few cases that impact homicide detectives 'î this is one of them,' said HPD Homicide Detective Mike Miller , who'd interviewed Nelson and held back tears as he described her. 'She is a cold, soulless murderer who showed an absolute lack of remorse in taking the life of Jonathan Foster. She decided when the time was right and she swooped down and took him when she saw the time was right, and she saw an opportune moment. I've worked in Homicide Division 14 years and this is the worst case I've been a part of 'î an innocent 12 year old who everybody says was happy, outgoing and well-liked by everyone in the neighborhood. It's an absolute tragedy.' Mona Nelson (l); Jonathan Foster (r) 
KTRK reports that on August 12, 2013, the trial of Mona Nelson for the murder of Jonathan Foster finally began in a courtroom in Houston. Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty. Nelson has asked for a judge instead of a jury to decide the verdict. 
According to Donald Joy of ClashDaily.com , ' Nancy Grace dropped the story as soon as she realized it was a black woman murdering a little white boy. The media have avoided the story like the plague, never once looking into whether it was a 'hate crime.' The original local news report has been removed. Suspect has sought and received legal counsel from local leadership of the New Black Panther Party. No story here, folks. Move along '¶' (See also ' Nancy Grace makes racist slur about Zimmerman ') 
H/t FOTM's TPR and joworth
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
From Daily Mail : The BBC has been accused of acting recklessly after targeting children as young as six with a programme about a schoolboy who takes sex-change drugs. 
Parents are angry that the show, available on the CBBC website, features a transgender storyline inappropriate for their children. 
And concerned campaigners said it could 'sow the seeds of confusion' in young minds. The programme, Just A Girl, depicts an 11-year-old's struggle to get hormones that stunt puberty, making it easier to have sex-change surgery in the future . 
One mother, writing on the Mumsnet website, said her daughter had become worried after seeing the video . She said her girl, who likes wearing boys' clothes and playing football, had 'asked me, anxiously, if that means she was a boy'. 
Tory MP Peter Bone said: 'It beggars belief that the BBC is making this programme freely available to children as young as six. I entirely share the anger of parents who just want to let children be children. 
'It is completely inappropriate for such material to be on the CBBC website and I shall be writing to BBC bosses to demand they take it down as soon as possible.' 
Former Culture Secretary Maria Miller voiced her concerns over the BBC tackling the subject in 'an age-appropriate way', saying such issues should be raised 'where children can have support from parents'. 
And Tory MP Julian Brazier said: 'This programme is very disappointing and inappropriate. Children are very impressionable and this is going to confuse and worry them. ' 
Family campaigner Norman Wells said: 'It is irresponsible of the BBC to introduce impressionable children as young as six to the idea that they can choose to be something other than their biological sex.' 
Just A Girl is the fictional video diary of a child who calls herself 'Amy' and dresses as a girl. It is hosted on the CBBC website, aimed at children aged between six and 12 . 
In the half-hour programme, Amy 'ì played by an actress 'ì reveals she was born a boy called Ben but has already started using puberty-halting drugs. 
Such hypothalamic blockers provoked a furore two years ago when The Mail on Sunday revealed an NHS clinic was willing to give them to children as young as nine. 
Critics cited research claiming that most teenagers confused about their gender never go through with surgery, with many realising they are gay. The BBC row comes amid growing controversy over gender issues, fuelled by a number of high-profile cases. 
In one, a Christian couple were threatened with having their 14-year-old daughter taken away because they oppose her plans to become a boy. In another, a seven-year-old boy was ordered to be removed from his mother's care as 'she was raising him as female', causing him 'a great deal of emotional harm'. 
In Just A Girl, Amy says: 'When I was born, Mum said Dad was so pleased that he had a boy to take to the football. But Mum knew I was different. She realised early on that I was born in the wrong body.' 
She adds: 'My Mum supported me when I did a PowerPoint presentation to my class about transitioning and that I wasn't going to come to school in boys' clothes any more, but girls' clothes. I wasn't Ben, I was Amy.' 
Later Amy is shown telling a friend, Josh 'ì a boy who wants to be recognised as a girl 'ì that she is on hormone blockers, saying it took 'ages' to get them after 'loads of tests and talks at the clinic'. 'Once they realised I was trans for real, [I] got them,' she says. In another entry, Amy tells viewers she has developed a crush on a boy called Liam, but confides: 'Liam thinks I'm just a girl, but I'm not. I'm trans. And what's he going to say if he finds out? Stop being my friend? Why? I'm still me, aren't I?' 
Child psychotherapist Dr. Dilys Daws said the programme could confuse children. She said that, while it was natural for youngsters to wonder what it would be like to be the opposite sex, the BBC was irresponsible to feature the 'extreme' step of gender change for six-year-olds because they were too young to grapple with such issues . 
The programme generated hundreds of comments on Mumsnet. One mother, who said her seven-year-old had watched the show, asked: 'Am I being unreasonable to think this is an inappropriate topic for a young age group?' 
Another replied: 'Don't think this is remotely suitable for a seven-year-old. To start suggesting that children can be transgender when they're far too young to actually have a gender is reckless and damaging. A small boy who is told that he can become a girl may take this as meaning that sex changes are possible, that sometime in the future he'll wake up with a girl's body.' 
Another user added: 'I don't think hormone therapy should be normalised any more than 12-year-olds drinking or doing recreational drugs should be normalised.' 
Other critics slammed the BBC. Mr Wells, director of the Family Education Trust, said: 'The more we promote the idea that a boy can be born into a girl's body and a girl can be born into a boy's body, and that drugs and surgery can put things right, the more children will become utterly confused. Respecting and preserving a child's birth sex should be seen as a child protection issue. ' 
But some parents on Mumsnet were more positive. One wrote: 'I don't believe there is 'too young' for stuff like this. The earlier you teach your children that everyone is different and that nobody is 'normal' the better.' 
Dr .Polly Carmichael, a clinical psychologist specialising in transgender children, said: 'Raising awareness of these issues is the best way to challenge stigma and discrimination associated with identity issues. Programmes like Just A Girl can contribute to a healthy and informed public discussion. ' 
The BBC said: 'Just A Girl is about a fictional transgender character trying to make sense of the world, deal with bullying and work out how to keep her friends, which are universal themes that many children relate to, and which has had a positive response from our audience. CBBC aims to reflect true life, providing content that mirrors the lives of as many UK children as possible. ' 
DCG
ARTICLE

We've all heard of or read about the many people who, it is said, were murdered on orders of Bill and Hillary Clinton. (See, for example, the website Arkancide .) 
But the deaths are the stuff of rumors 'î until now. 
On September 24, 2013, on the Pete Santilli radio show, a former longtime Clinton associate named Larry Nichols admitted that he had killed people as the Clintons' hit man or murderer-for-hire. I took this screenshot of Larry Nichols from one of his videos uploaded to YouTube in 2009. 
Larry Nichols (LN), a self-described former Green Beret, was a longtime associate of Bill Clinton (BC) and served as the marketing director of BC's Arkansas Development Finance Authority (ADFA), 'the best kept secret in Arkansas.' The two men first met in the late 1970s when BC was an up-and-coming politician. Wikipedia has no entry on Arkansas Development Finance Authority except for a brief reference to ADFA as one of the entities investigated by the United States Senate Whitewater Committee , but without identifying or describing what ADFA is. So I did an Internet search for ADFA and discovered that it is actually an agency of the Arkansas State government. The ADFA website describes itself as ' Arkansas' largest source of low-cost financing for low-to-moderate income housing development, small industries, government, education, agricultural business enterprise & health care.' 
On September 24, 2013, Nichols was interviewed by the Pete Santilli radio show for GuerillaMediaNetwork.com. As introduced by Santilli, Nichols 'has a lot of inside information on the Clinton crime family.' He published The Clinton Chronicles (a 1990 documentary subtitled 'An Investigation Into the Alleged Criminal Activities of Bill Clinton') on the Clintons''child trafficking,' Bill's 'sexual escapades,' and how Hillary 'spent 30 years covering up Bill Clinton's sexual and criminal activities.' 
Here's the audio of Nichols' interview with Santilli: 
Larry Nichols' interview begins at the 1:11:08 mark in the YouTube audio. Here's my transcription of what Nichols said. LN is Larry Nichols; PS is Pete Santilli. 
LN: 'I have actually beat up women and beat up husbands to protect the Clintons'¶. Not only have I killed people for [Bill Clinton], I've [never been in] jail.' 
PS: 'You've always been protected by the Clintons.' 
Beginning at the 1:11:49 mark, LN says: 'But now let's call a spade a spade. I've been all over the world killing people for this country, some deservedly, some not. Ain't matter to me. Just what I was paid to do'¶. Ronald Reagan sent me to El Salvadore. I did it for God and country.' 
PS asks if, at the time when LN killed for the Clintons, did he do it patriotically, for the common good? 
LN: 'I didn't give a shit. Some of these people, like Wayne Damond (?), needed to be dealt with. So I went to the jail, cut his nuts off, put them in a jar, put formaldehyde in it and left it there.' 
PS asks what motivated LN in killing for the Clintons. 
LN: 'Just money. One minute I was doing something for the government, next minute I was doing something for the Clintons. What difference was it?' 
PS asks how the Clintons presented 'these [murderous] tasks' to LN. 
LN: 'Whenever I got an F2 call, that meant go and kill. State police are not trained to kill in '¶ the late '70s, early '80s. There were no SWAT teams'¶. I had an F2 call, that meant go in and kill a guy. I didn't give a shit'¶. When it [the order to kill] came from the president [Reagan], it was for God and country. When it came from Clinton, hell, I didn't give a damn. I just go kill somebody, cut his nuts off.' 
PS asks if LN was paid to murder. 
LN answers that if the Clintons did not pay him, 'they'd piss me off and they didn't want to piss me off.' 
At some point, however, the Clintons turned on LN and he had to defend himself. LN says: 'I had to [defend myself] because I didn't have a support group. The media weren't going to cover it, so if I died, they'd just pour alcohol over me and say I was drunk and crashed on the side of the road.' 
PS asks LN what kept him alive. 
LN: 'I'm a Green Beret. I'm trained '¶ I'm skilled in staying alive. We have one rule: Kill back first. So if they send people to me, I'll just kill them back first. I don't ask questions. I deal with it.' 
Larry Nichols was also asked about Hillary Clinton's fitness to be president. His answer: 'After the Benghazi debacle, No.' 
Nichols claims that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a friend, told him what we already now know 'î that the Obama administration had been providing arms for Muslim terrorists in Syria (via Libya). When Netanyahu voiced his objection, the arms supply stopped, which enraged the al-Qaeda-connected terrorists to attack the U.S. consulate in Benghazi. 
What Nichols doesn't say (doesn't know) is that the Obama regime has NOT stopped supplying arms to the Syrian 'rebels,' but is actually expanding the CIA's training of the terrorists . 
H/t Dean Garrison and FOTM's TnRick 
See also:
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
By Mark S. McGrew 
In the year 4874, an ancient document was unearthed. It described how the consciousness of the inhabitants of the earth changed from evil to goodness approximately 3,000 years ago. 
We have translated this to our best ability. 
And it came to pass, that the world was ruled by an evil Queen. A foul stench was laid upon the peoples of the earth. 
She gave the land of her people to foreigners, taking away their power. And the foreigners were arrogant with their stolen gains. They offended the citizens. 
And the Queen gave the industries of her citizens to foreigners. And the foreigners were arrogant, hiring only their own kind and displacing the citizens. And the foreigners brought with them, the lazy of their families. The thieves and the liars and the most vile in the families of the foreigners, ruled over the citizens. 
And to the worst of the worst, in the foreigner's families, were given unto them, the fruits of the citizens' labor, while the evil Queen laughed down at the citizens. 
And the citizens were homeless in their own villages. And the citizens were insulted and violated at will by the foreigners. 
The people had only one thing of value left to them that was impossible for the evil Queen to take from them: Their faith. The people prayed. 
The people in the village of the Queen prayed. And they sent messages, as a bird tweeting, to the villages nearby and those villages sent messages to the villages nearby and those people sent messages to the villages nearby, until the whole world knew to pray for a savior. And the whole world prayed for a savior. 
And it came to pass, after generations, that there was a savior, being prepared, being trained to defeat the evil Queen. And the people prayed harder and longer and more loving, now to protect their young savior and to guide him in righteousness. 
And one day, when the Queen was addressing her citizens, a violent wind came from the north, blowing her pantsuit away and the people saw her secrets. And she became known for her true self. 
The evil Queen tried to punish the wind and it came again, exposing her generals and she swore to conquer the wind. She ordered all of her people to not feel the wind, to deny it existed. And the wind grew harder and became stronger again. 
And the wind blew over all parts of the earth and cried out to all good men, 'Join me!'. And the people joined. From village to village across all the lands, they joined. 
And on a dark windy night, the people were all joined in a field and the crowd was all of the good and right thinking people of the earth and it was quiet. 
A lone voice cried out, 'He is coming!' and he pointed to a star in the heavens. And the people saw that he was coming. On his left was a red angel and on his right was a green angel to guide and protect him. And the people saw that he was coming. They prayed for his safety. 
They huddled together in fear as they felt the power of his chariot coming from the sky. 
His chariot stopped in front of the multitudes and he spoke to them. They were calmed. They were excited. They knew him. They had seen him before without knowing his true purpose. And now, standing amongst them, he was unveiled and the people liked what they saw and what they were hearing. After generations of lie upon lie sent upon their lives, he spoke the truth. And the people were amazed at his truths. 
And in the back of the crowd of people, several mountain ranges away, it was difficult to hear him and the people in the back whispered to the ones in front of them, 'What does he say?'. And those people asked the people in front of them, 'What did He say?'. And those people asked and the asking continued to the front of the crowd. And one man answered back in a whisper to the people behind him and those people whispered to the ones behind them, the words that were spoken by their savior and the whisper turned into a voice and the voice became a shout and the shout became a great noise and the great noise became like thunder echoing across all the lands of the earth, the words of the savior, 'LOCK HER UP, LOCK HER UP, LOCK HER UP!!!' 
And the people knew there was a savior standing before them. And they cheered and they cried with joy, knowing that their prayers had been answered. 
And he told them, before he departed in his chariot, 'You must help. You must work. You must spread my words to all.' 
When his chariot, with the green angel on his right and his red angel on his left began to leave, the people heard and felt the power of his wings and the people felt the warmth of his love. And the people in the back of the multitudes saw his chariot go into the Heavens, from where it had come. And the people believed him because he told them to believe in their own righteous honor. He did not say they were deplorable and irredeemable. 
And the people did work and they did spread his word. And through the word of the people, the evil Queen's soldiers lost faith and they refused to fight the people again. And the words of the savior, being repeated by the people, caused the most trusted of the evil Queen's advisers to flee. And all of her servants fled. All the evil people of the Queen hurried to escape the people. They hid in their caves and in the forests. And she was left alone, with only her drink. And she drank. 
And she drank until she was in such a stupor that the people quietly entered her palace and removed her. 
And the foreigners were driven out of the lands and permitted to take nothing with them. 
When all was prepared and the savior knew his people were righteous, He came back and one by one, he drained the swamp, eliminating the corrupt politicians and the corrupt lawyers and the corrupt jesters and all the corruption was destroyed. There was much destruction and much death at the hands of the savior, for he was savior only to the good and the honest and the just of this world. 
The ungood, the dishonest and the unjust were sent away and prohibited from annoying the people anymore and the savior ignored them and let them die in their own time in their own way. And they died in very short time, because the people would not give them work, or food, or shelter or rest. 
And he told the people, 'Now you must work, and work hard, to rebuild your lives and rebuild your fortunes and to care for your children, and teach them my words and teach them my actions, for someday I must leave you.' 
And for a great time, there were no wars on the earth, for most of the leaders of nations had seen that the savior was a good man, an honest man and a just man. And they came from all parts of the earth to make peace with him. 
And the leaders who did not hear his words and see his actions and learn from them were destroyed. And there was peace for 1,000 years, until this was written and evil does not exist anymore. Rate this:
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 12 Comments 
On Friday, FBI Director James Comey informed Congress that the agency is re-opening its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton's unsecured and illegal private email server, as a result of the FBI discovering 650,000 emails of Hillary's closest aide, Huma Abedin, on a laptop computer that Abedin shares with her now-estranged husband, the disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner. See ' Weinered: FBI re-opens investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails ' 
Experts, such as Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein, say that only the discovery of something truly awful would lead the FBI to reopen its investigation at such a late date, with just days to go before the election. 
Now, a major U.S. newspaper 'î the Chicago Tribune that endorsed libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president 'î is saying what needs to be said: Democrats should ask Hillary Clinton to step down, or risk her being elected President who begins her term of office facing a criminal investigation. Note: Founded in 1847, Chicago Tribune is the 8th largest newspaper, by circulation, in the United States. 
Below is Chicago Tribune reporter John Kass' stunning article in its entirety. 
Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside 
by John Kass ' October 29, 2016 
Has America become so numb by the decades of lies and cynicism oozing from Clinton Inc. that it could elect Hillary Clinton as president, even after Friday's FB I announcement that it had reopened an investigation of her emails while secretary of state? 
We'll find out soon enough. 
It's obvious the American political system is breaking down. It's been crumbling for some time now , and the establishment elite know it and they're properly frightened. Donald Trump, the vulgarian at their gates, is a symptom, not a cause. Hillary Clinton and husband Bill are both cause and effect. 
FBI director James Comey's announcement about the renewed Clinton email investigation is the bombshell in the presidential campaign. That he announced this so close to Election Day should tell every thinking person that what the FBI is looking at is extremely serious. 
This can't be about pervert Anthony Weiner and his reported desire for a teenage girl. But it can be about the laptop of Weiner's wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin, and emails between her and Hillary. It comes after the FBI investigation in which Comey concluded Clinton had lied and been 'reckless' with national secrets, but said he could not recommend prosecution. 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately , and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
Since Oct. 7, WikiLeaks has released 35,000 emails hacked from Clinton campaign boss John Podesta release another 15,000 emails. 
What if she is elected? Think of a nation suffering a bad economy and continuing chaos in the Middle East, and now also facing a criminal investigation of a president. Add to that congressional investigations and a public vision of Clinton as a Nixonian figure wandering the halls, wringing her hands. 
The best thing would be for Democrats to ask her to step down now . It would be the most responsible thing to do, if the nation were more important to them than power. And the American news media 'î fairly or not firmly identified in the public mind as Mrs. Clinton's political action committee 'î should begin demanding it. 
But what will Hillary do? 
She'll stick and ride this out and turn her anger toward Comey. For Hillary and Bill Clinton, it has always been about power, about the Clinton Restoration and protecting fortunes already made by selling nothing but political influence. 
She'll remind the nation that she's a woman and that Donald Trump said terrible things about women. If there is another notorious Trump video to be leaked, the Clintons should probably leak it now. Then her allies in media can talk about misogyny and sexual politics and the headlines can be all about Trump as the boor he is and Hillary as champion of female victims, which she has never been . 
Remember that Bill Clinton leveraged the 'Year of the Woman.' Then he preyed on women in the White House and Hillary protected him. But the political left 'î most particularly the women of the left 'î defended him because he promised to protect abortion rights and their other agendas. 
If you take a step back from tribal politics, you'll see that Mrs. Clinton has clearly disqualified herself from ever coming near classified information again. If she were a young person straight out of grad school hoping to land a government job, Hillary Clinton would be laughed out of Washington with her record. She'd never be hired. 
As secretary of state she kept classified documents on the home-brew server in her basement, which is against the law. She lied about it to the American people. She couldn't remember details dozens of times when questioned by the FBI. Her aides destroyed evidence by BleachBit and hammers. Her husband, Bill, met secretly on an airport tarmac with Attorney General Loretta Lynch for about a half-hour, and all they said they talked about was golf and the grandkids. 
And there was no prosecution of Hillary. 
That isn't merely wrong and unethical. It is poisonous. 
And during this presidential campaign, Americans were confronted with a two-tiered system of federal justice: one for standards for the Clintons and one for the peasants. 
I've always figured that, as secretary of state, Clinton kept her home-brew email server 'î from which foreign intelligence agencies could hack top secret information 'î so she could shield the influence peddling that helped make the Clintons several fortunes. 
The Clintons weren't skilled merchants. They weren't traders or manufacturers. The Clintons never produced anything tangible. They had no science, patents or devices to make them millions upon millions of dollars. 
All they had to sell, really, was influence. And they used our federal government to leverage it. 
If a presidential election is as much about the people as it is about the candidates, then we'll learn plenty about ourselves in the coming days, won't we? 
John Kass concluded his article with the observation that a presidential election is as much about the people as it is about the candidates . 
So what do the comments from some of the readers of Kass' article say about the people and this country? Below is a sample: 
MerryPrankster: Real journalists should ask John Kass to step aside. 
millekj61: Do you actually 'think' before you write? There are 9 days to go before the election, who do you suggest they substitute for her? 
pagewerks: Did you even do the slightest research? The email 'scandal' you're panting over is non-existent, and apparently has to do with another investigation. But don't let that stop you from making a damn fool of yourself. 
MChicago99: What is unfathomable about this column and the comments is how disconnected from reality and truth it and the comments are. There has been no reopening of the investigation. THE emails in question are probably all duplicates of emails the FBI has already examined. The FBI did not find anything illegal in Clinton's use of the personal server. Just a desperate ploy to throw last minute obstacles into the election process. 
Wavo: I believe it is time for you to retire from your 'establishment' job at the Tribune John. Your shtick is tiresome and inflammatory. Maybe you should consider a second act over at Breitbart'¶they and their readers seem to love your work. 
larry_wesbsite: You Trumpites actually want national socialism under a national socialist leader who will ride roughshod over the Constitution seeking what you think are simple fast answers to complex, difficult questions and problems. Maybe you will learn or just blame Trump and move on to the next demagogue. All of us will pay the cost for your mistakes. 
dsm606: Sorry angry old white man. I'm still not voting for Trump. Nice try, though. 
Jim Kaestner: I am tired of tribune columnists telling me how to vote, who to support. Go tell Trump to quit, he has admitted to sexual assault. 
bluedemondan: Excuse me, you sure this isn't The Onion? I usually confuse The Onion with the Trib's editorials. 
JNAlbukerk: Kass have you no shame sir? Convicting someone with no evidence? Clinton is the most vetted and experienced candidate in history. Until you have evidence otherwise it is you who should step aside as you have abused the power your employment has granted you. 
You can reach reporter John Kass by email () or by Twitter (Twitter@John_Kass). 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

New emails show Huma scheming for Hillary 
Assange promises that WikiLeaks will release proof that Hillary has rigged the elections. 
Yesterday, WikiLeaks sent out an alarming tweet that 'Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated': 
The tweet contains a video snippet of Beckel on FoxNews, saying: 
'The way to deal with this is pretty simple 'î you get Special Ops (Operations) forces. I mean, a dead man can't leak stuff. This guy's [Assange] a traitor, treasonous, and and he's broken every law of the United States. The guy ought to be 'î and I'm not for the death penalty, so if I'm not for the death penalty, the only way to do it is illegally shoot the son of a bitch .' 
Blog and news sites, including big names like ZeroHedge and Pamela Geller , are reporting Beckel's vile remarks as contemporaneous, in the context of WikiLeaks' current expos√©s of Hillary and the DNC. 
Not so. 
Beckel actually made those remarks 5 years ago in December 2011. Here's a longer FoxNews video, wherein Beckel was part of a panel discussing how the U.S. should deal with Assange and WikiLeaks for their release of the State Department's diplomatic cables. Beckel's 'shoot the son of a bitch' remarks begin at the 0:57 mark: 
That it was 5 years ago that Beckel had called for assassinating Julian Assange doesn't make it less reprehensible. It's also ridiculous for Beckel to call Assange 'a traitor' and 'treasonous,' because Assange is Australian, not a U.S. citizen. 
So who is Bob Beckel? 
According to Wikipedia , 67-year-old Bob Beckel is a political analyst-pundit who began his professional life as a Democratic administration official and Democratic Party operative. He was a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State (1977) and Special Assistant to the President for Legislative Affairs (1978) in the Carter administration; the campaign manager for Walter Mondale's 1984 presidential campaign; founder of the consulting & lobbying firm Bob Beckel & Associates (1984); campaign manager of a Democratic U.S. Senate candidate in Idaho (2002); USA Today columnist (2005-2015); FoxNews ' token angry liberal ' co-host (2011-2015); and since October 2015, CNN commentator on the 2016 election. 
Wikipedia makes no mention of Beckel being a Hillary Clinton strategist, nor have I found confirmation that he is a Hillary strategist, other than what the WikiLeaks tweet claims. But all that doesn't mean he isn't a Hillary Clinton strategist, given Beckel's history as a Democratic Party operative. 
There must be a reason why WikiLeaks sent out its tweet of Beckel's 5-year-old call to assassinate Assange. Perhaps Assange has received death threats and does not want the same fate that befell DNC staffer and WikiLeaks informant Seth Rich. (See ' WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange: murdered DNC staffer was source of leaked DNC emails ') 
H/t maziel
ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by DCG | 11 Comments 
Via NY Post : An NYU professor crusading against political correctness and student coddling was booted from the classroom last week after his colleagues complained about his 'incivility,' The Post has learned. 
Liberal studies prof Michael Rectenwald , 57, said he was forced Wednesday to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester. 'They are actually pushing me out the door for having a different perspective,' the academic told The Post. Michael Rectenwald 
Rectenwald launched an undercover Twitter account called Deplorable NYU Prof on Sept. 12 to argue against campus trends like 'safe spaces,' 'trigger warnings' and other aspects of academia's growing PC culture . 
He chose to be anonymous, he explained in one of his first tweets, because he was afraid 'the PC Gestapo would ruin me' if he put his name ¬≠behind his conservative ideas on the famously liberal campus. 
'I remember once on my Facebook I posted a story about a kid who changed his pronoun to 'His Majesty' because I thought it was funny,' he told The Post. 'Then I got viciously attacked by 400 people. This whole milieu is nauseating. I grew tired of it, so I made the account.' 
On Oct. 11, Rectenwald used his ¬≠Internet alter ego to criticize 'safe spaces' 'î the recent campus trend of 'protecting' students from uncomfortable speech 'î as 'at once a hall of mirrors and a rubber room.' 
Two weeks ago he posted on his 'anti-PC' feed a photo of a flyer put out by NYU resident advisers telling students how to avoid wearing potentially offensive Halloween costumes. 'The scariest thing about Halloween today is .'â.'â. the liberal totalitarian costume surveillance,' he wrote. 
'It's an alarming curtailment of free expression to the point where you can't even pretend to be something without authorities coming down on you in the universities,' Rectenwald told The Post. 
But the Twitter feed soon sparked a 'witch hunt' by the growing army of 'social justice warriors,' he said. And so, when he was approached on Twitter by a reporter with the Washington Square News, NYU's student newspaper, the untenured assistant professor agreed to an interview. 
'I thought there was nothing objectionable about what I had said,' he told The Post. 'My contention is that the trigger warning, safe spaces and bias hot-line reporting is not politically correct. It is insane ,' he told the student paper in an interview published Monday. 
But Rectenwald says he began getting 'dirty looks' in his department and on Wednesday figured out why: A 12-person committee calling itself the Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group, including two deans, published a letter to the editor in the same paper. 
'As long as he airs his views with so little appeal to evidence and civility, we must find him guilty of illogic and incivility in a community that predicates its work in great part on rational thought and the civil exchange of ideas,' they wrote. 
'We seek to create a dynamic community that values full participation. Such efforts are not the 'destruction of academic integrity' Professor Rectenwald suggests, but rather what make possible our program's approach to global studies,' they argued. 
Rectenwald likened the attack to 'a Salem witch trial. They took my views personally. I never even mentioned them and I never even said NYU liberal studies program. I was talking about academia at large.' 
The same day that letter was published, Rectenwald was summoned to a meeting with his department dean and an HR representative, he says. 'They claimed they were worried about me and a couple people had expressed concern about my mental health,' Rectenwald told The Post. NYU spokesman Matt Nagel 
The leave has 'absolutely zero to do with his Twitter account or his opinions on issues of the day,' said NYU spokesman Matt Nagel , refusing to elaborate on the reason. 
But Rectenwald is disheartened. 'I'm afraid my academic career is over,' he said . 'Academic freedom: It's great, as long as you don't use it.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

My health insurance company sent my notice for my 2017 health care plan. Guess how much my premium is going up? 
EIGHTY PERCENT. Yep. A big fat 80%. Fortunately, my deductible remains at $14,300 (obvious sarc) . 
Starting next year, my monthly plan will cost MORE than 50% of my take-home pay. 
And I'm not the only one facing this type of an increase. 
Remember this at the polls on November 8 th . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 5 Comments 
Last Saturday, Oct. 29, the Medford Police Patrolmen's Association (MPPA) of Medford, Massachusetts, posted 3 photos on its Facebook page of two Medford police officers seemingly arresting a person in a Hillary Clinton mask and orange prison clothes at the Halloween Fall Festival in Haines Square, West Medford. 
CBS Boston reports, Oct. 30, 2016, that the caption on the photos read: 
'Look who MPD grabbed at the Fall Festival in Haines Square today'¶' 
Another photo showed three Medford police officers posing with someone in a Donald Trump mask, with the caption, 'Making America GREAT again in West Medford Square!!' 
By 8:15 pm that night, MPPA removed the posts from its Facebook page, with an apology in a statement from MPPA President Harry MacGilvray: 
'These were Halloween costumes. It was meant totally as a joke. I apologize if this offended anyone in any way. I never expected this sort of reaction. It was poor judgment on my part.' 
MacGilvray was one of the officers in the photos. LOL 
Fox25 WFXT reports that the police union removed the photos because of a flurry of negative Facebook comments from Hillary supporters, such as: 
Jennifer Popkin: 'I can't believe this unprofessional behavior. Police in uniform should not be espousing political beliefs, let alone the kind of irresponsible rhetoric coming from Donald Trump. Absolutely deplorable and also likely illegal under Section 23(b)(2)(ii) of the conflict of interest law.' 
Mike Piehl: 'Trump goes on trial for fraud in November and child rape in December but YOU . . . .' 
Jeremy Thorpe: 'This is illegal. I am screen-shotting this comment to demonstrate that you are deleting critical comments.' 
Katarina Dutton: 'As a citizen of Medford, I am appalled by police making it clear that I, and so many others, are not welcome or safe here.' 
Tamar Amidon: 'This is so shameful for Medford. I'm so glad I don't live there now. I never thought of them being one of the bad apple bins.' 
That Popkin, Piehl, Thorpe, Dutton, Amidon, et al. are outraged by the Medford police Halloween prank but not in the least bothered by of Hillary Clinton's criminal use of an unsecured email server, her utterly corrupt pay-for-play Clinton Foundation, and her abandoning four Americans to die in Benghazi, can only mean one thing: 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

What is it with Clinton's Hollyweird supporters? Some just do not have any class. Cases in point: 
Madonna will give a blowjob to anyone who will vote for Hillary. 
Katy Perry strips naked , under the guise of comedy, to get out the vote (for her candidate, Hillary). 
Miley Cyrus tells voters to ' kiss her ass ' if you don't support Hillary. 
Now there's another classy Clinton supporter: Jennifer Lopez 
From Daily Mail : Here's one way to drum up votes in a swing state. 
On Saturday night, Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony looked as intimate as ever while performing a concert for Hillary Clinton at Bayfront Park Amphitheater in Miami, where the candidate herself joined them onstage and embraced the Out Of Sight star. 
The erstwhile spouses have worked together a great deal this year; on top of a Radio City Music Hall performance in August, they're currently collaborating on a Spanish language album. 
For her Miami show, the 47-year-old had slid into a typically showstopping outfit, this one largely comprised of a black satin robe with a hem at mid-thigh. 
And it certainly made the most of her famous backside 'ì with the star flashing it to the crowd throughout her hits-packed set. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
Clinton must be so proud of her Hollyweird supporters. 
For a comprehensive list of Hollyweird-types to boycott, see here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
Christians are one of the main targets of the Islamic State as they cut a murderous swath through Syria and Iraq. And yet, Christians constitute only 0.5% of the Syrian refugees whom the Obama administration has admitted into the United States. 
On October 21, 2016, in his concurrent opinion in the case of Heartland Alliance National Immigrant Justice Center v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security , Judge Daniel Manion , a federal appellate court judge for the U.S. Seventh Circuit, issued a sharp rejoinder to the Obama administration over the almost complete lack of Syrian Christian refugees being admitted to the U.S. Note: Heartland Alliance National Immigrant Justice Center is a 'progressive' liberal advocacy organization. The Heartland Alliance v. DHS case has nothing to do with Christian refugees, but pertains to Heartland Alliance's FOIA request to the DHS for information on Tier III terrorist organizations. 
While concurring in the 7th Circuit Court's ruling, Judge Daniel Manion explains why he's writing separately. On pages 7-8 of U.S. Court of Appeal for the Seventh Circuit No. 16-1840 Heartland Alliance National Immigrant Justice Center v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security , Judge Manion writes: 'I write separately for a second, critical reason, which is my concern about the apparent lack of Syrian Christians as a part of immigrants from that country . It is possible that our case bears a direct link to this enigma. It is well'êdocumented that refugees to the United States are not representative of that war'êtorn area of the world. Perhaps 10 percent of the population of Syria is Christian, and yet less than one'êhalf of one percent of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States this year are Christian. ¬π Recognizing the crisis in Syria, the President in 2015 set a goal of resettling 10,000 refugees in the United States. And in August the government reached this laudable goal. And yet, of the nearly 11,000 refugees admitted by mid'êSeptember, only 56 were Christian. To date, there has not been a good explanation for this perplexing discrepancy.' 
Judge Manion also noted that while the Obama administration is bringing Syrian refugees into the country by the thousands, it is concealing basic information about those refugees behind a wall of government secrecy, including whether terrorists are among the refugees. The administration refuses to tell the American public or the states how it is making its decisions on who are accepted for resettlement in the U.S., or even what steps it is taking to ensure there are no terrorists among the refugees. Nor is Congress exercising its oversight functions. 
As Manion writes in his concurrent opinion: 'The good people of this country routinely welcome immigrants from all over the world. But in a democracy, good data is critical to public debate about national immigration policy. When we demand high evidentiary burdens for states seeking to keep their citizens safe, and then prevent the states from that evidence, we create a Catch-22.¬≤ ['¶] And yet, Congress, through the exemptions to FOIA, has consciously made the decision to limit what governmental information is available to the public. If Congress is concerned about how immigration officers are making their decisions related to the designation and application of the Tier III terrorist organization affiliation, Congress has the authority to act. Congress has its own oversight capabilities and subpoena power, and Congress could choose to amend our nation's sunshine laws or our immigration laws. Until that time, however, many of us remain in the dark as a humanitarian catastrophe continues.' 
Daniel Manion , 74, is a senior jurist on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit whose chambers are located in South Bend, Indiana. He was an Indiana state senator (R) from 1978-82. In 1986, Manion was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to the 7th Circuit Court.
ARTICLE

From the network that: Cannot (or will not) confirm the authenticity of the Project Veritas videos Cannot explain how Donna Brazile gave a primary debate question in advance to Hillary Clinton (that verbatim was provided by Roland Martin to CNN the next day). Brazile has since been let go from CNN after it was discovered she provided the Clinton campaign another question before a debate. Told us it is 'illegal' to possess the stolen documents from Wikileaks. CNN anchor Chris Cuomo said, 'It's different for the media. So everything you learn about this, you're learning from us.' Wrongly claimed Hillary did not laugh over defending a rapist Brushed off Clinton sex assaults as 'Conspiracy Theory Land' Misquoted Trump , then said he sounds like 'Stalin or Hitler' Intentionally removed critical audio from the footage of Keith Scott's death, according to a law enforcement media company Ignored Clinton rape charges while bolstering Hillary 
From CNN's post : It's time for a new rule on the web: Double, no, triple check before you share. Especially if it seems too good to be true. 
Why? Look no further than Donald Trump's Twitter account. Trump claimed Sunday morning that 'Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton.' 
Not only was there no proof of this, but it was pretty easy to disprove. The FBI email inquiry was at the top of Google News; FBI director James Comey's name was at the top of Facebook's 'trending' box; and Twitter's 'moments' section had a prominent story about the controversy . (I guess I'll have to take their word for it. I don't use Google nor Facebook. As for Twitter, well, just ask Jack .) You can trust Facebook'¶ 
Nevertheless, Trump's wrong-headed 'burying' claim was his most popular tweet of the day. About 25,000 accounts retweeted it and almost 50,000 'liked' it, helping the falsehood spread far and wide. 
The rise of social media has had many upsides, but one downside has been the spread of misinformation. Fake news has become a plague on the Web, especially on social networks like Facebook. As I said on Sunday's 'Reliable Sources' on CNN, unreliable sources about this election have become too numerous to count. 
So that's what I recommended a 'triple check before you share' rule. 
New web sites designed to trick and mislead people seem to pop up every single day. For their creators, the incentives are clear: more social shares mean more page views mean more ad dollars. 
But the B.S. stories hurt the people who read and share them over and over again. Many of these fakes reinforce the views of conservative or liberal voters and insulate them from the truth. The stories prey on people who want to believe the worst about the opposition. 
A recent BuzzFeed study of 'hyperpartisan Facebook pages' found that these pages 'are consistently feeding their millions of followers false or misleading information.' (There you have it. From the expert journalism of 'BuzzFeed.') 
The less truthful the content, the more frequently it was shared 'î which does not bode well for the nation's news literacy during a long, bitter election season. 'Right-wing pages were more prone to sharing false or misleading information than left-wing pages,' the BuzzFeed reporting team said. 
On a few occasions, made-up or highly misleading stories have even snuck into Facebook's 'trending' box 'î a problem that the company says it is trying to address. 
In a few cases, Trump aides and family members have themselves been duped by fake news stories, including a hoax version of ABC News with a story headlined 'Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally.'' 
A close look at the web site reveals that it is not, in fact, the actual ABC News. But the site tricked Trump's son Eric Trump in early October. 'Finally, the truth comes out,' he tweeted, promoting a link to the bogus story. 
As soon as I spoke about this on television on Sunday, CNN detractors filled my inbox with messages saying that CNN is the ultimate example of 'fake news.' But that's a deliberate attempt to confuse the issue. Whatever faults CNN has, news organizations small and large try very hard to report the truth. 
Fake news sites and Facebook feeds, on the other hand, traffic in misinformation. My sense is that there are three buckets of these sites: 
#1, Hoax sites with totally made-up news headlines that try to trick you; 
#2, Hyperpartisan sites that aren't lying, per se, but are misleading, because they only share good news about your political party and bad news about the other party; 
#3, 'Hybrids' that purposely mix a little bit of fact and then a lot of fiction. 
These sites aren't going away, so it's up to Internet users to spot fake news and avoid spreading it. Fact-checking sites like Snopes can help 'î they are devoted to ferreting out hoaxes and tricks. Josh Stearns from Democracy Fund 
Josh Stearns, a longtime media activist who now works at Democracy Fund, said newsrooms also have a role to play. 
'Fact checking has taken center stage in this election, but newsrooms need to go beyond fact checking politicians statements and help debunk viral misinformation too,' he told me. 'At a time when trust in media is at an all time low, journalists should call out these fake news stories and help citizens tell fact from fiction.' 
Trump's false claim about Google, Facebook and Twitter 'burying' bad news about Clinton criticized what he called the 'very dishonest media.' Ironically, he was using Twitter to blast Twitter. 
Trump may have gotten the idea from an inaccurate Zero Hedge blog post alleging a 'social media blackout.' The blog post contained false information. I asked the Trump campaign to provide a source for the wild claim, but no one has responded. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Why are we demonized for speaking the truth? H/t FOTM's Trail Dust 
More than a year ago, in May 2012, Lance Roberts wrote that ' Without government largesse many individuals would literally be living on the street.' As much as 1/5 or 22.5% of the average American's income is dependent on 'government transfers.' 
One of those 'government transfers' are Social Security Disability benefits. 
There are two types of Social Security Disability benefits: Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI): Earned disability benefits for those who have held jobs for significant periods of time and paid at least partially into Social Security before becoming disabled. Social Security Disability (SSI): Unearned disability benefits for individuals who have petitioned to be classified as disabled, although many of them have never worked and have never paid into Social Security. 
Under Obama, t he number of Americans claiming disability has surged to the highest levels on record since the beginning of the last recession. What is most notable, however, is when the surge of disability claims began 'ì exactly two years from the beginning of the financial crisis. This was when the 2 years of extended unemployment insurance began to run out. 
Unlike welfare, disability isn't term-limited, and in some cases it's become permanent unemployment insurance for the unemployable or those who simply refuse to work. 
Today, more than 28 million Americans who are of working age have a disability 'ì a level higher than at any other time in recorded history. There are approximately 11 million SSDI or earned recipients and approximately 7 million SSI or unearned recipients. 
But how many of those on disability are actually disabled? 
Luke Rosiak reports for the Washington Examiner , July 30, 2013, that a study by the Social Security Administration found some disturbing, but unsurprising, attributes of disability recipients: Recipients of federal disability checks often admit that they are capable of working but cannot or will not find a job. Returning to work is not a goal for 71% of the SSDI recipients, and 60% of the SSI recipients. Most have never received significant medical treatment and not seen a doctor about their condition in the last yea r, even though medical problems are the official reason they don't work. Those who acknowledge they're on disability because they can't find a job say they make little effort to find one. Of those who say they're actually looking for a job, most say they're looking only for part-time jobs that will allow them to keep their disability benefits. The unearned disability recipients are in less pain than their counterparts who had paid into the system. In other words, they are using SSD as a substitute for welfare. These individuals are typically overweight, uneducated and from broken homes. There are practical barriers to weaning recipients off the disability rolls. The jobs they'd be candidates for often don't provide health insurance, which is essential for those with medical problems, and they'd rather receive the SSD benefits. Many also say they don't have transportation to work. 72% of the small number of SSDI recipients who started a job while on disability got cash under the table , as did 70% of the small number of SSI recipients who started a job while on disability. 24% of the SSDI recipients lack even GEDs, as do 43% of the SSI recipients. Only 18% of SSDI and 15% of SSI recipients said, during the past 4 weeks, they could not do social activities with family or friends because of their physical health or emotional problems. As many as 96% of SSDI and 91% of SSD recipients admit whatever physical health or mental problems they have do not hinder or limit them from the kind or amount of work or other daily activities they do. In other words, they are not really so disabled they can't work. 47% of SSDI and 41% of SSD recipients are obese ; 30% of both groups are overweight; only 21% of SSDI and 25% of SSD recipients are of normal weight. 28% of SSD recipients had never worked for pay, i.e., they never had a job! Most SSD recipients don't bother to educate themselves about or avail themselves of government programs to wean them off disability, such as the Plan for Achieving Self-Support, Earned Income Exclusion, and Continued Medicaid Eligibility after they get off disability benefits. Many disability recipients also receive other government welfare benefits: 28% of SSDI and 81% of SSD recipients are on Medicaid; 80% of SSDI and 42% of SSD recipients are on Medicare; 18% of SSDI and 52% of SSD recipients are on food stamps. The lack of a spouse is a significant factor: 54% of SSDI and 88% of SSD recipients are not married. 11% of SSDI and 21% of SSD recipients have been receiving disability benefits for 20 years or more. 
Source: Public use file round 4 
America's national debt now exceeds our GDP and is closing in on $17 trillion. It doesn't take an Albert Einstein to know that our super-extended welfare state cannot continue as it is. Indeed the danger signs are already visible. 
In three years, by 2016, the first of the Social Security funds 'î Social Security Disability 'î will be in full collapse. 
Brian Faler reports for The Washington Post , May 30, 2012: 
' The disability program pays benefits averaging $1,111 a month, with the money coming from the Social Security payroll tax. The program cost $132 billion last year, more than the combined annual budgets of the departments of Agriculture, Homeland Security, Commerce, Labor, Interior and Justice. That doesn't include an additional $80 billion spent because disability beneficiaries become eligible for Medicare, regardless of their age, after a two-year waiting period. The disability program is projected to exhaust its trust fund in 2016, according to a Social Security trustees report released last month. Once it runs through its reserve, incoming payroll-tax revenue will cover only 79% of benefits, according to the trustees. Because the plan is barred from running a deficit, aid would have to be cut to match revenue.' 
Lastly, since the American Medical Association recently declared obesity to be a 'disease,' expect even more Americans to apply for and receive Social Security Disability benefits. 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
A good DRT* ending. 
From Fox News : A Pizza Hut employee shot and killed a man during an attempted armed robbery after hours at the store early Sunday morning in west Charlotte, N.C., according to Charlotte Mecklenburg Police. 
Officers were called about 1:38 a.m. to the Pizza Hut to a report of shooting and arrived to find Michael Renard Grace with a gunshot wound. 
Grace was pronounced dead on scene. 
According to police , three people entered the restaurant and were in the process of robbing the business when one of the employees fired his own personal handgun at one of the suspects . 
Investigators said a handgun was recovered at the scene that was being carried by the robbery suspect at the time he was shot. 
The other two robbery suspects fled the scene on foot and have not yet been apprehended. 
*Dead Right There
ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
For Hillary Clinton and her accomplice and protector, the Obama administration, Russia is the new, all-purpose bogeyman. 
They say the Russian government is the hacker of those revealing and embarrassing DNC, Hillary and Podesta emails that WikiLeaks has been releasing. 
Hillary even accused Donald Trump of being in cahoots with Moscow. The latest accuser is longtime Democratic strategist James Carville. 
As reported by Edund Kozak for PoliZette , in an appearance on MSNBC yesterday, Oct. 31, 2016, Carville attacked the FBI for reopening its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, calling it part of a vast conspiracy to subvert American democracy. (See ' Weinered: FBI reopens investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails ') 
Carville raged: 
'This is in effect an attempt to hijack an election. It's unprecedented '¶ the House Republicans and the KGB are trying to influence our democracy! [FBI Director James] Comey was acting in concert and coordination with the House Republicans. We also have the extraordinary case of the KGB being involved in this race and selectively leaking things from the Clinton campaign that they hacked.' 
As noted by Kozak, 'Apparently the fact that the Soviet security agency [KGB] was disbanded in 1991 does not preclude its involvement in this vast, anti-Clinton, FBI-organized conspiracy.' 
Now, the New York Times reports (via ZeroHedge ) that in an investigation into Russia's possible involvement in the 2016 presidential election, the FBI concludes that there's no evidence that Trump is connected with the Russian government: 
'For much of the summer, the F.B.I. pursued a widening investigation into a Russian role in the American presidential campaign. Agents scrutinized advisers close to Donald J. Trump, looked for financial connections with Russian financial figures, searched for those involved in hacking the computers of Democrats, and even chased a lead 'î which they ultimately came to doubt 'î about a possible secret channel of email communication from the Trump Organization to a Russian bank. 
Law enforcement officials say that none of the investigations so far have found any link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government. And even the hacking into Democratic emails, F.B.I. and intelligence officials now believe, was aimed at disrupting the presidential election rather than electing Mr. Trump.' 
Hey, James Carville, you conniving POS. This message is for you! 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment 
Two bioethicists 'î UK professor Julian Savulescu and Canadian professor Udo Schuklenk 'î are urging that medical schools not admit prospective students who object to abortion and euthanasia. 
Julian Savulescu is director of the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics at the University of Oxford, UK, and editor of the Journal of Medical Ethics ; Udo Schuklenk is the Ontario research chair in bioethics at Canada's Queen's University, and editor of the journal Bioethics . 
In a co-authored article titled, ' Doctors Have no Right to Refuse Medical Assistance in Dying, Abortion or Contraception ,' published by the journal Bioethics on Sept. 22, 2016, Savulescu and Schuklenk maintain that: Patients' have an absolute right to abortion and to euthanasia or 'assisted dying'. The problem is that there are doctors who conscientiously object. These doctors are respected for their 'integrity' and given the prerogative not be involved in providing patients with abortion, artificial contraceptives, and euthanasia. Physicians who refuse to abort and euthanize should be punished or even fired. Conscientious objectors should be barred from admission into medical schools. 
Savulescu and Schuklenk write in the 'Abstract' of their article: 
'[T]here should be better protections for patients from doctors' personal values and there should be more severe restrictions on the right to conscientious objection, particularly in relation to assisted dying. We argue that eligible patients could be guaranteed access to medical services that are subject to conscientious objections by: (1) removing a right to conscientious objection; (2) selecting candidates into relevant medical specialities or general practice who do not have objections; (3) demonopolizing the provision of these services away from the medical profession. 
Some points made in their journal article by these two toxic men who actually pretend they are bioethicists: 
(1) Anti-Christian: 
Without naming it, Savulescu and Schuklenk blame Christianity 'î which they refer to only as 'organized religion''î for the objection to abortion and euthanasia. As they put it: 
'The more religious a society is, the more religious values are imposed on people. Many of the conscientious objection protections we are grappling with today were written into constitutional arrangements in times gone by when the influence of churches was significantly more powerful than it is today. In strongly Christian societies, like Ireland, abortion remains illegal'¶. [Atheists] Richard Dawkins got it right, when he noted, 'religion is not simply vicars giving tea parties. There are evil consequences.'' 
(2) Doctors should be denied the right to be a conscientious objector to abortion, euthanasia, and artificial contraception: 
'Enlightened, progressive secular countries like Sweden, have labour laws in line with our arguments. Sweden provides no legal right of employees to conscientious objection. Employees could be sacked for failing to provide legal services under labour law. The same holds true, for instance, for Finland'¶. These countries have resolutely prioritised patient access to care over the protection of doctors' idiosyncratic moral convictions with regard to these services. Other countries ought to follow Sweden and Finland'¶. Conscientious refusal to provide contraception is common and mistakenly supported by medical boards and medical associations'¶. For religious GPs, obstetricians and pharmacists to refuse to provide the oral contraceptive pill is simply unprofessional. There is no requirement for a healthcare system to accommodate unprofessional behaviour'¶. If a professional norm [conscientious objection] is no longer fit for purpose, it should be changed.' 
(3) Doctors who are conscientious objectors should be punished or perhaps fired: 
'Doctors who did behave like this would be acting with a gross lack of professionalism and would therefore be subject to censure and appropriate remedies by their professional, statutory bodies'¶. [I]f society thinks contraception, abortion and assistance in dying are important, it should select people prepared to do them, not people whose values preclude them from participating. Equally, people not prepared to participate in such expected courses of action should not join professions tasked by society with the provision of such services.' 
(4) Medical schools should deny admission to conscientious objectors: 
'Therefore, even if we did not change the system for those already practising medicine, given that there is an oversupply of people capable and willing to become medical professionals, we should select those willing to provide the full scope of professional services, and those who are most capable. Medical schools and training programmes should carefully outline the nature of the job and screen for conscientious objection where it is relevant to job performance. Requirements of the job should be written into the contract. 
(5) Abolish medical doctors' monopoly on medical care by licensing non-physicians to perform abortion and euthanasia: 
'Finally, if conscientious objection continues to be tolerated in medicine and results in treatment denial, alternative ways of guaranteeing reasonable and fair access to these goods ought to be provided. One way of doing this is to de-monopolize the provision of the relevant service. If the quality of such a service could match that provided by medical professionals, and sufficient supply could be ensured, then this would be a viable alternative. This would require new training, selection, regulatory and oversight procedures, which would be cumbersome and expensive. But there is no reason why only doctors could competently provide, for example, contraception, abortion or assisted dying services.' 
(6) Conscientious objector doctors are like the Nazis: 
'Part of the force behind respecting conscientious objection is a common commitment to ethical relativism: if that is what someone believes, then they are right to believe it, and that alone makes it a kind of truth'¶. But ethical relativism is practically ethical nihilism. If one accepted ethical relativism, the holocaust was, from the Nazi's perspective, right.' 
Lastly, I find it curious that Savulescu and Schuklenk, with degrees in medicine, cannot distinguish between 'reign' and 'rein'. 
To 'reign' is to be a sovereign or monarch; to 'rein' is to curb. In their article, Savulescu and Schuklenk write that secular doctors who are conscientious objectors 'ought to reign in their values too'. 
Tsk, tsk. 
To sign a petition to support the Life at Conception Act, click here . 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

| January 15, 2016 at 6:00 am | Reply 
Slavery still exists in Saudi Arabia (as well as parts of Africa) today. But what is Saudi Arabia? For all practical purposes, it is Great Britain's vassal state, run by a family of criminals whom we and Great Britain protect. Saudi Arabia is not even a nation-state in the modern sense of the term: The Royal Family there considers themselves to be owners of the land'îas if it were their personal property'îwho allow others to live on it. (Churchill and others either set up Saudi Arabia or allowed it to become established in its current political structure. They also established the current national boundaries in the Middle East, leading, in part, to the present troubles). What kind of a religion is this that encourages all of the worst carnality of men? St. Thomas Aquinas tackled this matter head-on: He wrote that Mohammed sought out men as carnal as himself, and he encouraged his followers to do the same. (And they consider Jesus Our Lord to be a prophet, as if He would EVER condone their evil?!) Islam, like the New World Order manipulating it, is a BEAST SYSTEM. It is a criminal racket with a political ideology and structure, masquerading as a religion! WAKE UP, PEOPLE!
ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
From ABC News : At least 17 people were killed and over 40 injured in Chicago's street violence over the weekend. 
Two Chicago newspapers that analyzed police data from Friday afternoon to early Monday called it 2016's deadliest weekend . Chicago police couldn't immediately confirm that, though a spokesman said their weekend homicide count from Friday midnight through Sunday was 18. 
Either way, the toll surpassed the Chicago Tribune and Sun-Times' analysis of holiday weekends when violence typically spikes. The Tribune reports six people were fatally shot over Memorial Day weekend, five over Fourth of July, and 13 over Labor Day . 
The October weekend deaths included seven people under 20 years old. Seventeen-year-old twin brothers were killed in a Sunday drive-by. 
There's been a spike in street violence this year with over 600 homicides already. Rahm 'murder mayor' Emanuel
ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by joandarc | 8 Comments 
Yesterday, October 31, was All Hallows' Eve or Halloween, that is, the evening before the holy ones. 
As explained in ' Reclaim Halloween as the holy All Hallows' Eve! ,' the word 'hallow' is 'to make holy or sacred, to sanctify or consecrate, to venerate,' while the word 'e'en' means 'evening.' 
The word 'saint' means holy. Halloween, therefore, means Holy Evening or the Evening of the Hallowed or Holy Ones, i.e., the Evening of the Saints. 
In other words, Halloween is the evening before All Saints Day, which is today! 
Then I saw another angel come up from the East, holding the seal of the living God. He cried out in a loud voice to the four angels who were given power to damage the land and the sea, 'Do not damage the land or the sea or the trees until we put the seal on the foreheads of the servants of our God.' I heard the number of those who had been marked with the seal, one hundred and forty-four thousand marked from every tribe of the Israelites.' Rev. 7:2-4 
After this I had a vision of a great multitude, which no one could count, from every nation, race, people, and tongue. They stood before the throne and before the Lamb, wearing white robes and holding palm branches in their hands. They cried out in a loud voice: 'Salvation comes from our God, who is seated on the throne, and from the Lamb.' All the angels stood around the throne and around the elders and the four living creatures. They prostrated themselves before the throne, worshiped God, and exclaimed: 
'Amen. Blessing and glory, wisdom and thanksgiving, honor, power and might be to our God forever and ever. Amen.' 
Then one of the elders spoke up and said to me, 'Who are these wearing white robes, and where did they come from?' I said to him, 'My Lord, you are the one who knows.' He said to me, 'These are the ones who have survived the time of great distress; they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.' Rev. 7:9-14. 
'For this reason they stand before God's throne and worship him day and night in his temple. The one who sits on the throne will shelter them. They will not hunger or thirst anymore, nor will the sun or any heat strike them. For the Lamb who is in the center of the throne will shepherd them and lead them to springs of life- giving water, and God will wipe away every tear from their eyes.' Rev. 7:15-17. 
Through the 'communion of saints,' a doctrine proclaimed in the Apostle's Creed, the blessed in heaven assist those of us on earth; we pray with the saints so that they may intercede on our behalf before Our Lord. Remember, these incredible, courageous and wonderful individuals see God face to face! How cool is that? 
Indeed, they are the ultimate role models, heroes and heroines-people who chose to do extraordinary things and behaved always with serving Our Lord as their first priority in their lives, no matter what the cost. They were no different as human beings than we are, with faults, talents, proclivities towards temptation and bearing all qualities incident to human beings. What made them different were their choices, to serve God first above anything and everything. To put it more eloquently were the words of St. Thomas More on the day he was beheaded, wherein he stated, 'I am the King's good servant, but God's first.' 
In the communion of saints, 'a perennial link of charity exists between the faithful who have already reached their heavenly home and those of us who are still pilgrims on earth.' (CCC 1475) 
St. Thomas More said this about the saints. 'We venerate the saints as God's servants, as we would on earth welcome the servants of a great man we esteemed. If the goodness we bestow upon our poor brethren is considered by Christ as bestowed upon Himself, as He tells us (Mt 25:40), and if those, as He says, who welcome His apostles and disciples welcome Him (Mt. 10:40), assuredly those who honor the saints are likewise honoring Christ. Our Lord Himself showed that He would have His saints partake in His glory when He promised the apostles that they would be seated at His side on the final Day of Judgment (Mt. 19:28). Moreover, He promised that Martha's sister Mary (whom More identified as Mary Magdalen) would be honored throughout the world for her deed of anointing Him with ointment (Mt. 26:13).' 
As to honoring the saints, and our desire to request their advocacy and intercession on our behalf, as to whether or not the saints can either hear us or help us, St. Thomas More provided, 'Yet how can we doubt whether they hear us? Their souls are not dead, and therefore as living souls the love and charity toward their fellowman that characterized them to this world cannot have diminished in the next. The closer one draws to heaven, the greater is his solicitude toward his brethren here on earth, as was the case with the martyr Saint Stephen, who after seeing heaven opened, prayed for his enemies who were stoning him (Acts 7:55-60). In view of this, is it conceivable that Saint Stephen would not pray for those who honor him on earth, now that he is in heaven?' And the question is further posed, how can the saints in heaven help us? More reasoned that since 'the saints were certainly able to assist others while on earth where their human nature was as weak as ours, surely they can do so in heaven.' 
More further reasoned that even while Our Lord lived on this earth, He permitted people to come to His apostles rather than directly to Himself for help and allowed the Twelve to work miracles in His stead. Indeed, on some occasions the apostles assumed the role of intercessors with Christ, presenting the petitions of others to their Master. 'If this was the case when the apostles were with Christ on earth, it must surely be so now that they dwell with Him in heaven. God is pleased to have us honor and call upon His saints, His especial beloved friends, for it becometh us and well behoveth us to make friends of such as he hath in favour.' 
Have not you ever asked someone, 'Please pray for my mother, she is very ill,' or 'Please pray for me; I am about to make a very important decision that will affect my life.' Indeed and in fact, we have set forth these petitions to others on FOTM . Ergo, we pray with the Saints, inhabitants of the Church Triumphant, for their intercession, for their guidance that they receive from Our Lord Himself. If we ask those we know on earth for their advocacy and prayers, all the more reason to ask the Church Triumphant to enter our lives, to give us direction and to ask through them the Grace from God necessary to live our lives according to the Will of God, to the fullest extent, using all of our talents and gifts given to us by God. The Saints are with us; we are foolish not to have camaraderie with them and to enjoy intimate and meaningful relationships. 
We end this post by honoring the particular Saints in our respective lives who have inspired and helped us: St. Michael the Archangel , St. Paul , the Virgin Mary , St. Th√©r√®se the Little Flower, St. Joseph, St. Thomas Aquinas and my patient and wonderful guardian angel ~ from Eowyn. 
We love you, we admire you, and we thank you! 
May Our Lord Always Be First Served! 
For the Saint posts we've published, go to FOTM's ' Saints and Angels ' page! 
Sources: Catechism of the Catholic Church . James Monti, The King's Good Servant but God's First, The Life and Writings of Saint Thomas More (San Francisco: Ignatius Press, 1997). Sister Mary Raphael is Gone, But Not Forgotten! Daily Catholic 2000, January 18, 2000, volume 11, no. 12. 
~Joan & Eowyn
ARTICLE

  Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment . . for FOTM's 135th Caption Contest! 
I think this was a quite difficult and challenging contest, which is reflected in the number and quality of entries. 
That being said, the top captions are all really funny. 
As usual, FOTM 's writers duly voted, each for what he/she considered to be the best (#1) and second-best (#2) captions. Each #1 vote is worth 4 points; each #2 vote is worth 2 points. 
And the winner of FOTM 's 135th Caption Contest, with two #1 votes and one #2 vote, totaling 10 points, is . . . youknowwho! 
Here's the winning caption: Hillary won?!?!? I'm outta here. 
Dan and drmrs are in 2nd place, each with one #1 vote and one #2 vote, totaling 6 points each. Here are their respective captions: 
''¶so now that you've heard all the details of my transitioning from Chastity to Chuck'¶' 
I need those 72 virgins now to relieve the stress of this infidel. 
Lola is in 3rd place, with one #1 vote and 4 points. Here is her caption: 
'As Hillary tells us, we are Stronger Together.' 
MomOfIV and Timewavvs are in 4th place, each with one #2 vote and 2 points. Here are their respective captions: 
Ahmed had the misfortune of being seated next to a pompous CNN anchor who talks nonstop of how great Hillary Clinton is'¶.. 
OMG. No, I said 'Vaseline' Well done, everyone! 
Here's your fancy-schmancy Award Certificate of Great Excellence, all ready for framing! LOL 

For all the other caption submissions, go here . 
Be here tomorrow for our next very exciting Caption Contest! 
Seen any good pics that you think would be great for our Caption Contest? Email them to us! 
FOTM4ever@gmail.com
ARTICLE

This is the 136th world-famous FOTM Caption Contest! 
Here's the pic: 
You know the drill: Enter the contest by submitting your caption as a comment on this thread (scroll down until you see the 'LEAVE A REPLY' box), not via email or on Facebook. The winner of the Caption Contest will get a gorgeous Award Certificate of Excellence and a year's free subscription to FOTM ! FOTM writers will vote for the winner. Any captions proffered by FOTM writers, no matter how brilliant (ha ha), will not be considered. 
This contest will be closed in a week, at the end of next Tuesday, November 8, 2016. 
To get the contest going, here's my caption: 
'Why aren't I 50 points ahead, you deplorable little people??*#@!!' 
For the winner of our last Caption Contest, click here . 
Seen any good pics that you think would be great for our Caption Contest? Email them to us! 
FOTM4ever@gmail.com
ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment Hollyweird actor Bryan Cranston From Daily Mail : He spent years as America's lovable dad in Malcolm in the Middle before starring on one of the most-watched cable shows in the country 'ì Breaking Bad. But Bryan Cranston could be saying farewell to the United States after the election results are announced. The 60-year-old actor has warned he will move to Canada if Donald Trump becomes the next president.
'I would definitely move,' he told The Bestseller Experiment podcast when asked what he would do if Trump was elected over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. 'It's not real to me that, that would happen. I hope to God it won't,' he added. 'It wouldn't be a vacation. I'd be an expatriate,' Cranston added. 
The Emmy-award winning actor is the latest Hollywood celebrity to pledge to leave the country if the Donald wins the election next week. He joins the likes of Clinton supporters Barbra Streisand, comedian Chelsea Handler and Girls creator and star Lena Dunham who have all said they will move abroad if the Republican presidential candidate wins the vote. No comment necessary We will have to wait and see whether they will keep their promises.
But the opportunity to test them is becoming more and more likley as Trump closes ground on Clinton after the FBI announced it was re-opening the investigation into her email scandal. An ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll released Sunday showed Clinton ahead 46 per cent to 45 'ì narrower than Saturday's 2-point Clinton edge. 
Cranston, who more recently played Democratic President Lyndon B. Johnson, has been an outspoken critic of Trump, branding him a 'supreme narcissist' and an 'emperor without any clothes' following his controversial campaign . 
The Emmy Award-winner said previously the billionaire tycoon's rise in politics had 'slapped' Americans in the face and he would eventually be 'swept to the side'. 'I don't want to join the vitriol that Donald Trump represents,' Cranston told the Press Association. 'He's crude and crass and empty headed . If it weren't serious, it would be laughable. Here we have a reality show, game show guy who's now at the top of one of the two parties. That there are millions of people who are going to vote for him says something about, perhaps, disenfranchisement. People who are left out. People who don't feel they are being listened to.' 
Cranston revealed that he's met both Trump and Clinton, but his facetime with the billionaire Republican was 20 years ago. 'As he was saying hello it was like he was thinking of three or four or five other things, so it didn't feel like he was actually present,' Cranston recalled. Obama showing maturity and introspection His meeting with Clinton and another with her husband were improvements. 'She asked me questions and I gave my opinion. And I think that's what I want, I want a president, quite frankly, with what our current president has shown 'ì diplomacy, restraint, introspection, a maturity 'ì he's not any of those things ,' Cranston said, moving on to Trump. Hillary showing maturity and introspection 'He's the antitheses of what you'd want a president to be as far as behavior and comportment,' the actor added. He added that university courses will be taught, books will be written and movies will be made in the future about Trump and this bizarre election.
Cranston, who is a Clinton supporter, said he did not care if his views cost him fans, but that it was his responsibility as a public figure to talk politics as well . 'I am willing to take those risks, I don't want to sit on the sidelines. 
The socially-conscious Cranston joins the growing list of stars who have spoken up for Clinton which also includes Elizabeth Banks, actress America Ferrera and Scandal star Tony Goldwyn, all Hillary Clinton regulars on the campaign trail. 
More than 100 celebrities have also signed on to a MoveOn.org campaign launched on Monday to urge voters not to put Trump in the White House , with Mark Ruffalo, Neil Patrick Harris, Shonda Rhimes, and Macklemore added to the mix. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2013 by joandarc | 12 Comments 
' If we wish to make any progress in the service of God, we must begin every day of our life with new eagerness. We must keep ourselves in the presence of God as much as possible and have no other view or end in all our actions but the divine honor. ' 
The profound and significant communication above is from St. Charles Borromeo, whose Feast Day we celebrate today, November 4th. Clearly, if we would simply use his life map as our every day goal, we would never be lost and we would always have joy, even in spite of suffering. 
St. Charles Borromeo lead the universal Church in the Counter-Reformation in the troubled but dynamic 16th century, and therefore, is associated with reform. He sought the correction of abuses and evil, addressing the excuses made for the destructive and false reformation which was spreading and creating confusion in Europe. Indeed and in fact, he is one of the great Counter-Reformers, along with Pope St. Pius V, St. Philip Neri and St. Ignatius Loyola. 
He was born on October 2, 1538 in a castle of Arona on Lake Maggiore, Italy, the second of two sons in a family of six. His father was Count Gilbert Borromeo and his mother was Margaret, a member of the Medici family. Even at the age of 12, he showed his serious and holy disposition, receiving the clerical tonsure, with another of his uncles resigning him to the Benedictine abbey of Sts. Gratinian and Felinus at Arona. At his young age, he reminded his father that the revenue, with the exception for what was spent on his necessary education for the service of the Church, was to be given to the poor and could not be applied to other more worldly uses. He learned Latin at Milan and thereafter attended the University of Pavia, and after the death of his parents, at the age of 22 he earned his doctor's degree. 
In 1559, his uncle was chosen as Pope Pius IV, wherein Charles used all of his influence to reopen the Council of Trent in 1562, since it had been suspended in 1552. He accomplished this reopening under most difficult ecclesiastical and political climates. 
In 1563, Charles was ordained a priest and two months thereafter, was consecrated as a bishop. In this capacity, he drafted the Catechism of the Council of Trent and the reform of liturgical books and music. 
Milan failed to have an in-house bishop for some eighty years. Accordingly, Charles arrived in Milan in April of 1566 and vigorously worked for the reformation of this diocese. He sold property in the amount of thirty thousand crowns and applied the entire amount to distressed families. Charles allotted most of his income to charity, forbade himself all luxury and imposed severe penances upon himself. During the horrible plague and famine of 1576, he tired to feed sixty to seventy thousand people daily, borrowing large sums of money that required years to repay. Civil authorities fled at the height of the plague, abandoning the populace; but Charles stayed in the city where he ministered to the sick and the dying. Charles assembled the superiors of the religious communities, wherein a number of religious right away volunteered to help the stricken victims of the plague, wherein he lodged these clerics in his house. The hospital of St. Gregory looked deplorable, bringing Charles to tears, overflowing with dead, dying, sick and others suspected of being struck by the plague. St. Charles literally exhausted all his resources in relief. Indeed, houses for the sick were formed as well as temporary shelters, and lay people were organized for the clergy and a score of altars set up in the streets so that the sick could assist at public worship from their windows. He personally ministered to the dying, waited on the sick and helped those in need. The plague lasted from 1576 through 1578. 
Charles endured of all things, a speech impediment, a difficult handicap for his preaching. A friend of Charles, Achille Gagliardi, said, 'I have often wondered how it was that, without any natural eloquence or anything attractive in his manner, he was able to work such changes in the hearts of his hearers. He spoke but little, gravely, and in a voice barely audible 'ì but his words always had effect.' 
St. Charles proclaimed that children should be properly instructed in Christian doctrine and therefore, established the Confraternity of Christian Doctrine. These schools at that time numbered 740, with approximately 3,000 catechists and 40,000 pupils. And so, Charles originated 'Sunday-schools.' 
No love was lost in the religious order called, 'Humiliati', being reduced to few members, but still maintaining many monasteries and great possessions. They allegedly submitted to the reform, but this was done only in form, not in substance. They tried to have the pope annul the new regulations, but those attempts were refused and they failed. So, they hatched a plot to assassinate Charles. One of the priests agreed to do so for the sum of forty gold pieces (much like Judas Iscariot if you ask me). On October 26, 1569, this priest, Jerome Donati Farina, put himself at the door of the chapel in the archbishop's house while Charles was at evening prayers with his household. While an anthem was being sung, Charles being on his knees before the altar, this cowardly assassin discharged a gun at him, wherein Farina escaped during the confusion, but the bullet struck Charles' clothes in the back raising a bruise. Thus, they failed to murder him. 
Nevertheless, Charles directed his energies to maintain a capable and virtuous clergy. On one occasion when an exemplary priest was sick and on death's door, Archbishop Borromeo said, 'Ah, you do not realize the worth of the life of one good priest .' Charles was indefatigable in parochial visitations 
Charles worked so hard and in 1584, his health became poor. On October 24th, while on a retreat, he became very ill. On October 29th, he started off for Milan, his diocese, wherein he arrived there on All Souls Day, November 2nd, having celebrated Mass for the last time on the previous day at his birth place, Arona. He went to bed, asking for the final sacrament of the sick, with his last words being, 'Behold, I come.' He died on the 4th of November, only 46 years of age. 
Charles was formally canonized by Pope Paul V in 1610. 
Charles lived the instruction of Our Lord Jesus Christ: ''¶I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, a stranger and you welcomed me, naked and you clothed me, ill and you cared for me, in prison and you visited me.' (Mt 25:35-36) St. Charles saw Jesus in his neighbor and he was always able to recognize 'Jesus in Disguise.' Let us follow his example. 
Joan 
One Hundred Saints , Bulfinch Press. 
Saint of the Day , edited by Leonard Foley, O.F.M., revised by Pat McCloskey, O.F.M. Rate this:
ARTICLE

Whoopi will probably still sell these even if she moves out of the United States. Whoopi's new sweater line/Getty Image 
From NY Post : Whoopi Goldberg , who has Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony awards to her name, can officially call herself a designer. 
The 60-year-old ' View ' co-host has designed nine 'ugly Christmas sweaters' to go on sale at Lord & Taylor and Hudson's Bay beginning Tuesday. 
'I've always liked them,' Goldberg told the New York Times . 'They make me happy. I've worn them for many years. I thought about all the things I'd love to see on a sweater.' 
The sweaters retail for $139 each and are made from wool, alpaca, cashmere and cotton. And the designs range from an octopus-Menorah mash-up to images of both black and white Santa Clauses. 
'You might start right after Thanksgiving, and wear them all the way through Hanukkah and New Year's and then you're done for another 12 months until it rolls around again,' she says. 'Anything before Thanksgiving is too early. I'm old school. I come from the protocol of 'O.K., here's Halloween and then you have Thanksgiving.' No Christmas at Halloween.' This womyn is now a 'fashion designer' 
While this is Goldberg's first foray into the fashion world, if the sweaters fly off the shelves, she may design other items . 
'I'd love to design holiday footwear,' Goldberg mused. 'I'd love to design housewares. If you're going to have things in the house, you might as well not be bored by them.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

| November 2, 2016 at 6:47 pm | Reply 
My, My My what a surprise, NOT!!! What we have for a government today is more akin to an Oligarchy than a Constitutional Republic, this election was supposed to be between two of the Oligarchs, it didn't matter to the members of Club Oligarchy which Oligarch won the presidency, business would continue as usual, back room deals, insider trading, sharing in the prophets of the Military Industrial Complex, the Pharmaceutical Complex Etc. Etc. Etc. But alas a non Oligarch got the nomination, what to do before all is lost and we're exposed, ok fellow Oligarchs we'll get the media behind us they'll feed the 'Useful Idiots' what we tell them to, this will work. Bush is a globalist, his father is a globalist, so are all the Democrats and RINOs. In my opinion JFK was the last Democrat president who loved his country, he almost died for it in WW2 and did die because he wouldn't go along with the shadow government. Ronald Reagan was the last Republican that loved his country, he too almost died because of it, the Shadow Government that controls this world I call Satan's Elite forces, they are in the process of setting up a world government by using Madmen from the Middle East to create Chaos. As a Christian I believe what the Prophet Daniel was told and that is the dark forces of Satan can get control of man's governments, this world government will come about, the good news it will be destroyed along with the evil people who created it. Interestingly one of the names of that man we call the Antichrist [The Scriptures do Not] can be translated as 'The Man of Chaos'
ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment 
Bob Woodward, 73, is the Washington Post reporter who, with his colleague Carl Bernstein, broke the story of Nixon's Watergate 'î a puny scandal compared to Hillary's unsecured email and the Clinton Foundation. Woodward is now the associate editor of WaPo . 
Speaking to Fox News Sunday 's Chris Wallace on Oct. 23, 2016, Woodward called Hillary Clinton's Clinton Foundation 'corrupt'. 
Here's the transcript: 
WALLACE: Then there are the allegations about the Clinton Foundation and pay to play, which I asked Secretary Clinton about in the debate, and she turned into an attack on the Trump Foundation. But, Bob, I want to go back to the conversation I was having with Robby Mook before. When 'î when you see what seems to be clear evidence that Clinton Foundation donors were being treated differently than non-donors in terms of access, when you see this new 'î new revelation about the $12 million deal between Hillary Clinton, the foundation, and the king of Morocco, are voters right to be troubled by this? 
BOB WOODWARD: I 'î yes, it's a 'î it's corrupt . It's 'î it's a scandal . And she didn't answer your question at all. And she turned to embrace the good work that the Clinton Foundation has done. And she has a case there. But the mixing of speech fees, the Clinton Foundation, and actions by the State Department, which she ran, are all intertwined and it's corrupt. You know, I mean, you can't just say it's unsavory. But there's no formal investigation going on now, and there are outs that they have. But the election isn't going to be decided on that. 
However, Woodward said he expects Hillary will win the election, but asked: 
'I think the issue is what's going to be the aftermath of this campaign: Can somebody govern?' 
Writing on Nov. 1, 2016, Alt Media freelance journalist Jim Stone claims that Woodward had 'suddenly vanished from the Washington Post , the phone operator says he's no longer there and no one is giving details or even reporting in the MSM that he is gone.' 
Stone asks if Woodward 'has been offed by the Clinton death machine'. 
Indeed, Woodward's last article for WaPo was published on April 5, 2016, eons ago in journalism time. Woodward's personal website is also down. I tried it just a minute ago and got this message: Service Temporarily Unavailable 
The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. Please try again later. 
Woodward's Watergate co-investigator, Carl Bernstein, has also recently spoken out about Hillary's corruption in the context of the FBI reopening its criminal investigation of Hillary's emails. Bernstein said : 
'Well, there's no question that the e-mails have always been the greatest threat to her candidacy for president, that her conduct in regard to the e-mails is really indefensible and . . . the one thing . . . actually that could really perhaps affect this election. 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly . . . unless it was something requiring serious investigation . . . . I want to add here that in the last, oh, 36, 48 hours, there has been an undercurrent of kind of speculative discussion among some national security people that something might surface in the next few days about e-mails. . . . [I]t's very possible that some members of Congress very quickly are going to get an idea of what these e-mails are, and what this is all about, and for whatever purpose put some information out there.' 
So if the Clintons 'offed' Bob Woodward for calling the Clinton Foundation 'corrupt,' then Carl Bernstein would have to be offed as well. 
See also:
ARTICLE

Women are not just sexual objects you pigs. Just remember that when they trot out the bejewelled boobs , wear the ' TaTa Top ', or just want to ' Free the Nipple ' in the name of 'empowerment.' Ms. Holliday has a message for the 'pig' 
From Daily Mail : Tess Holliday is using her platform as a model to speak out against Donald Trump and the allegations of sexual assault against him. 
The 31-year-old took to Instagram over the weekend to share an ad of herself posing in New York City's Times Square while modeling a New Look Fashion T-shirt that reads: 'Respect Women #Dump Trump.' 
'Respect Women,' she captioned the image. 'Our bodies are not for you to stare at or touch without our consent. Women are not just sexual objects , women are not here for your consumption. So many of us have a sexual assault story, myself included,' she continued. 
'To endorse someone who not just condones this behavior but actively engages in it would be an awful step backwards for women not just in the US but across the world. #dumptrump #dumptrump #dumptrump The feminist in action 
'Also might I add I'm NOT telling you who to vote for. Trump is a pig & that's a fact. [sic]' 
The photo, which was taken by her longtime partner Nick Holliday, sees Tess posed with her hands on her hips as she stares at the camera. Along with the white T-shirt, which features black block lettering, she is wearing ripped jeans and black high-heeled sandals. 
The photo has been liked more than 62,000 times since it was posted on Saturday, and unsurprisingly, the political statement caused a stir. 
'Love the shirt, Tess,' one woman wrote. 'Way to use your constitutionally protected voice. #activism #freedom #feminism.' 
And while many supported Tess' statement, there were plenty of people who disagreed with her. 'Such a shame to have to [unfollow] you,' another woman wrote. 'Use your celebrity for something better than being political.' 
There was also a fierce debate about whether or not Tess' post could be seen as an endorsement for the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton, and some people who disagreed with her statement attacked the size 22 model for her weight . 
'There is some super hateful stuff on here,' one woman wrote. 'I don't agree or disagree with your position, but I still admire your message. Why can't everyone get along! Dang! Everyone gets to have their own opinion people! 
'And targeting her weight because you disagree? Really? People are crazy, keep up your positive messages Tess! Whatever your political views are, I still love what you represent girl!' 
Read about the rest of this womyn's rant here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 14 Comments 
Democrat support for Hillary Clinton seems to be wavering in the wake of the FBI re-opening its criminal investigation into then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's unlawful use of an unsecured private email server. The FBI's decision, announced just last Friday, was provoked by the federal agency stumbling across 650,000 emails on a laptop shared by Hillary aide Huma Abedin with her now-estranged husband, the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner. 
As many experts have noted, only something very serious in the new emails 'î even more serious than what we already know about Hillary's email thus far 'î could have prompted the FBI to re-open its investigation. (1) Doug Shoen 
A big-name Democrat has abandoned Hillary's sinking ship. 
He is Doug Shoen 'î Fox News contributor; former Democrat pollster/consultant for over 30 years, who is widely recognized as a co-inventor of overnight polling, whose clients included including British PM Tony Blair, Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi, and three Israeli PMs; and a friend of the Clintons since 1994. 
On Sunday night, Oct. 30, two days after FBI Director James Comey announced the reopening of the criminal investigation in a letter to Congress, Schoen told Fox News' Harris Faulkner that he is 'reassessing' his support for Hillary, although that doesn't mean he's a Trump supporter. 
Here's a partial transcript of what Schoen said by Real Clear Politics : 
DOUG SCHOEN: As you know, I have been a supporter of Secretary Clinton'¶ But given that this investigation is going to go on for many months after the election '¶ But if the Secretary of State wins, we will have a president under criminal investigation, with Huma Abedin under criminal investigation, with the Secretary of State, the president-elect, should she win under investigation. Harris, under these circumstances, I am actively reassessing my support. I'm not a Trump 'î 
HARRIS FAULKNER, FOX NEWS: Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. You are not going to vote for Hillary Clinton? 
SCHOEN: Harris, I'm deeply concerned that we'll have a constitutional crisis if she's elected. 
FAULKNER: Wow! 
SCHOEN: I want to learn more this week. See what we see. But as of today, I am not a supporter of the Secretary of State for the nation's highest office. 
FAULKNER: How long have you known the clintons. 
SCHOEN: I've known the clintons since '94. 
FAULKNER: Wow! But their friend here has said he's reconsidering. 
SCHOEN: I have to, because of the impact on the governance of the country and our international situation. 
FAULKNER: So the news in that is are there other people, I would imagine, like Doug Schoen. (2) Chris Matthews? 
Much is made of a video clip of Chris Matthews, infamous for his near-orgasmic exclamation during the 2008 Democratic National Convention that listening to Barack Obama sent a thrill up his leg . Matthews has been a relentless promoter of Hillary, fawning over her performance in the first presidential debate against Trump as a 'brilliant''home run', and declaring the race for the presidency as 'over'. 
On October 27, 2016, Matthews seemed to be endorsing Trump on his MSNBC Hardball show: 
Alas, that video clip is misleading. 
A fuller version of what Matthews said shows that Matthews was simply quoting Trump. In actuality, far from endorsing Trump, Matthews scolded Trump for getting sidetracked on petty issues/feuds, and called Trump's practice of politics 'pathetic'. See the fuller video here . (3) Polls 
A more important indicator of the fallout from the FBI's reopening of its criminal investigation into Hillary are the polls. 
The latest USC Dornsife/ Los Angeles Times 'Daybreak' poll shows that support for Hillary has plummeted after the third and last presidential debate. Trump is now more than 5 points ahead of Hillary, polling at 47.8% vs. Hillary's 42.4%. Click image ‚Üì to enlarge 
Despite the increased support for Trump, when asked who they think will win the presidential election, 54.2% think Hillary will win, vs. 41.3% who think Trump will win. 
Broken down into demographic groups, however, the LA Times poll shows that Hillary still has a lead among these unregenerate groups : Among those with a college graduate or more education , Hillary still leads at 51.2% vs. Trump's 38.1%. Among low-income voters (those with less than $35,000 a year in income) who polls show are also the least informed, with the least exposure to Alternate Media, Hillary leads at 53.4% vs. Trump's 35.6%. Among blacks , Hillary leads at 86.7% vs. Trump's 4.6%; among Latinos , Hillary leads at 53.1% vs. Trump's 34.9%. In contrast, among whites, Trump leads at 58.1% vs. Hillary's 32.2%; among 'other' racial-ethnic groups, Trump leads at 49.9% vs. Hillary's 40.7%. Among females , Hillary still leads at 49.4% vs. Trump's 40.7%. In contrast, among men, Trump leads at 55.1% vs. Hillary's 36.3%.
ARTICLE

Apparently Michelle hasn't ruined the kids' lunches enough already. An example of Michelle Obama's mandated school lunches 
From Yahoo : Students might notice some changes in the cafeteria when they go back to school in a few weeks. The USDA will announce rules today that require schools to get rid of unhealthy snacks and eliminate students' exposure to junk food , ABC News has exclusively learned. 
The biggest difference this year will be what students see around the school. If a snack, food item or beverage is not healthy enough for a school to sell or serve, it can't be advertised either. That means no more pictures of soda on vending machines or in the cafeteria. 
Katie Wilson, USDA deputy under secretary for Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services, said many schools requested these changes. 'Education and wellness and advertising to kids about healthier choices [and] that all has to be part of the school environment just like making sure they have pencils and paper and computers,' Wilson said. 
One study found that 70 percent of elementary and middle school students see ads for junk food at school and research published earlier this month showed that kids tend to eat more after seeing ads for unhealthy food. Another lovely school lunch 
Snacks can't have too many calories or too much sodium, fat or sugar, according to the guidelines for schools . Foods that are 'whole grain-rich' or mostly made up of fruits or vegetables are emphasized, and schools are recommended to sell only water, low-fat milk or milk alternatives, or 100 percent fruit or vegetable juice. 
Wilson said 98 percent of schools around the country already meet these standards. Now that the rules are finalized, she said the USDA will continue its efforts to educate parents, communities and school staff about better nutritional food choices. 
Healthier food in schools is nothing new. Guidelines about healthy school lunches and snacks have been rolling out for several years and are part of First Lady Michelle Obama 's 'Let's Move' campaign launched in 2010 to fight childhood obesity . 
DCG
ARTICLE

| September 20, 2016 at 9:04 pm | Reply 
lophatt, I like your idea. We have been told time and again about starving folks in Africa. Here is the solution right under our noses. Ship them to Equatorial Guinea where the local dictator dines on human body parts. I'm sure he has a good size freezer. 
Good news for the Brits, next door to Equatorial Guinea is Cameroon. What did we hear about Cameroon recently? Oh yes, the large parasitic family from Cameroon (via France) to UK and how they feed off British taxpayers. Load them up and ship them back to Cameroon. The politician attached to them should be one named Dave Cameron. 
Meanwhile back at the ranch in Equatorial Guinea, the son of the cannibal faces his own headlines: 
Teddy the cannibal even dined at the White House back on August 5th, 2014. Per CNN: ~On Tuesday guests will dine on chilled tomato soup, a vegetable salad, and Wagyu beef (raised in Texas) that's been marinated in chermoula, a garlicky herb blend that's used in northern Africa. 'Even though it's an American beef we want to give it an African touch,' Comerford explained, pointing to other ingredients like cinnamon, coffee and saffron that accent traditionally American dishes on the menu. Produce harvested from the White House garden will also appear. Like every aspect of the evening, the menu was created with the array of guests in mind. 'We want to make sure that our Wagyu beef is all Halal, all of our purveyors make sure that everything we use is secure, came from reliable sources, and the things that we use here are wholesome and good for our guests,' Comerford said.~ 
Ok then, no body parts.
ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
Westworld was originally done in 1973. From Wikipedia , 'Westworld is a 1973 science fiction Western thriller film written and directed by novelist Michael Crichton about amusement park androids that malfunction and begin killing visitors . It stars Yul Brynner as an android in a futuristic Western -themed amusement park, and Richard Benjamin and James Brolin as guests of the park. 
Sometime in the near future a high-tech, highly realistic adult amusement park called Delos features three themed 'worlds' 'î West World (the American Old West ), Medieval World ( medieval Europe ), and Roman World (the ancient Roman city of Pompeii ). The resort's three 'worlds' are populated with lifelike androids that are practically indistinguishable from human beings, each programmed in character for their assigned historical environment. For $1,000 per day, guests may indulge in any adventure with the android population of the park, including sexual encounters and even a fight to the death. Delos's tagline in its advertising promises, 'Boy, have we got a vacation for you!' 
The HBO remake premiered on October 2 nd and stars Evan Rachel Wood, Thandie Newton, Jeffrey Wright, James Marsdan, and a bunch of other actors I've never heard of. Their parents must be so proud'¶ 
From Fox News : HBO has been known to push the boundaries in their original programming, featuring scenes depicting incest, rape and over-the-top gore. But some say they might have finally hit gone too far when Sunday night's episode of their new futuristic show 'Westworld' featured a four-minute orgy scene with approximately 40 actors engaging in a variety of sex acts . 
'HBO is a network that broadcasts 'Sesame Street' re-runs. And yes, parents should turn it off, stop paying for it and block it,' Dan Gainor, Vice President of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, told FOX411. ''Westworld' is a disturbing reminder of the sick and demented way Hollywood views the world.' 
But industry insiders said nudity and adult content is fine for cable television. 'Good or bad TV, this is something that is on pay cable, and viewers who don't like it can tune it out. It's appropriate for the story they are telling ,' TV producer Geoff Skinner told us. He added that it's a parent's responsibility to monitor the programming a child watches. 
'Parents like myself should never allow a child to watch this until they are old enough to understand all of the thematic and semiotics that this show is trying to achieve.' 
Former television executive Scot Safon said the show does not misconstrue its adult content, and the sexual scene in question was in line with the plot of the series . In other words, viewer beware. 
'It is deliberately disturbing and provocative, and it makes its intentions very well-known from the opening credits onward,' Safon shared with us. ' It is a show about ideas and it is done with tremendous artistry. I trust the artists here, and would assume that their extended orgy sequence is in line with the vision of the show .' 
But branding and communications expert Scott Pinsker warned that HBO has to find a delicate balance and not push the boundaries so far it pushes away its main audience. 
'HBO is in the business of distributing movies, sports and original content, but it's primary objective is to promote the HBO brand. It's a delicate balancing act, because many HBO viewers want to see edgy, risqu√© content that pushes the envelope, but if HBO goes too far, they can alienate their core audience,' Pinsker said. 
He added, 'Instead of censoring content, they should have internal standards of what's appropriate for their brand, and then advise their audience accordingly, so they can decide whether or not to watch.' 
HBO did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Jon Stewart (says he'll move to another planet) Barbra Streisand (not again!) Raven Symone 
Well, we have help for the Hollyweirdos who say they'll move out of the country if Trump is elected! 
By the way, how come these Hollyweirdos always threaten to move to Europe or Canada, but never Mexico? Aren't they in solidarity with the swarms of Mexicans illegally crossing into America and with their Mexican hired help 'î their maids, house-cleaners, gardeners and nannies? 
H/t FOTM's Drew H. 
See also:
ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by DCG | 3 Comments 
Ain't multiculturalism grand? 
From Daily Mail : Pictures show men lunging at each other with makeshift clubs last night next to a row of tents in the Stalingrad district of the French capital. Amid chaotic scenes, gangs of men were seen brandishing pieces of wood and squaring up for a street battle. 
The violence unfolded just hours after demolition workers supported by riot police began smashing up an illegal camp full of UK-bound migrants in Paris. It also came in the wake of the destruction of the Calais Jungle which saw refugees transported around the country. It followed thousands of migrants arriving in the French capital following the razing of the Calais Jungle refugee camp last week. 
While some 5,000 Jungle residents agreed to be bused to resettlement centres around France, many others headed off independently , saying they still wanted to get to Britain. Up to 3,000 set up tents on the pavements around the Stalingrad Metro station, which is close to the Gare du Nord Eurostar hub in the north of Paris. 
Shortly before yesterday's clearance French president Francois Hollande said: 'We won't tolerate the camps any longer.' Referring to the Paris clearance, Mr Hollande said: 'We are going to carry out the same operation as in Calais.' 
CRS riot police around Stalingrad said there would be a 'gradual operation' which is likely to go on all week until all the camps are gone. 
Meanwhile, the first ever official centre for refugees in Paris is due to be opened by the city's Socialist council later this week. The ¬£6m facility is also close to the Eurostar hub, and will have beds for 400 men. 
But local residents and business owners say it will attract people smugglers, and other criminals. Jean Brossard, who has been living in the area for 30 years, said: 'None of us asked for an immigrant centre on our doorsteps. Everybody in the area is complaining. If these men want to go to England, then send them to England.' 
Others have accused the Socialists of tokenism, saying they are simply opening the camps as a humanitarian gesture that will have no long term effect on Europe's immigrant crisis. 
The official centre, which will include a football pitch, will only allow residents to stay for between five and 10 weeks, and is likely to shut down within two years. Another centre for women with children will also open in the Paris suburb of Ivry-sur-Seine later this year, or early next, but it too will only have a limited capacity of 350 temporary places. 
Meanwhile, French authorities have started transporting migrant children out of Calais to processing centres around France, amid tensions around the closure of the vast Jungle camp. 
Three buses carried a group of unaccompanied boys, mainly teenagers, out of the camp on Wednesday morning. French authorities transferred more than 5,000 adult migrants out of Calais last week, but the fate of its 1,500 unaccompanied children remained unclear. 
Migrants from the Middle East and Africa converged on the Jungle in hopes of crossing the English Channel to Britain. 
President Francois Hollande said this week that the children would be transferred within days to 'dedicated centres' where British officials can explore whether they have the right to UK asylum. 
Mr .Hollande said the others would be put in the care of French child welfare services. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by DCG | 6 Comments 
Truth hurts. 
From Washington Post : Authorities are investigating apparent tampering with an electronic road sign at a busy Virginia commuter lot that resulted in a disparaging remark about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and a call for people to 'Vote Trump.' 
The sign at the Tackett's Mill commuter lot in Lake Ridge flashed three consecutive message screens: 'CROOKED ¬≠HILARY'; followed by a profanity ('IS A B 'ì'ì'ì'ì '); followed by 'VOTE TRUMP.' 
The messages were on display for an unknown period Tuesday evening while commuters headed to their homes in the Virginia suburb, about 25 miles southeast of the District. 
Their tone reflects the bitter 2016 presidential race, in which both major-party candidates are historically unpopular and Trump's supporters openly wear T-shirts calling Clinton the b-word and gleefully chant 'Lock her up' during his rallies. 
'Crooked Hillary' is a name Trump coined for Clinton and uses regularly. Earlier this week, a tweet from the account of Texas's agriculture commissioner , a Trump adviser, took the name-calling a step further, using a vulgar term for female genitalia to refer to Clinton. 
In Prince William County, the offending electronic sign was one that had been placed in the commuter lot about a month ago by the county elections office. It was programmed to broadcast a message encouraging early voting for those who cannot make it to the polls on Tuesday. 
There are about 10 such signs posted in heavily trafficked areas across Prince William County, a relative Republican stronghold in the Washington area. The Board of County Supervisors is chaired by Corey Stewart (R), a high-profile cheerleader for Trump who co-chaired the GOP nominee's Virginia campaign until a dispute last month led to his ouster . 
Election officials in the county, which also has a fast-growing Latino population, are taking special measures this year to speed voting and minimize potential disruptions at the polls. 
On Wednesday, officials said the tampered-with sign equipment had not been locked, giving whoever changed the message easy access to a keyboard panel inside. 'There's a set of instructions next to the panel,' said Winston Forrest, a spokesman for the county elections office. 'Anyone who could get access to it could make the change.' 
After the errant message was reported, it was turned off and the equipment was removed, according the county police. 
County elections officials said they have placed locks on the remaining voting road signs in the county. 'There are no more of these types of messages,' Forrest said. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on February 9, 2015 by DCG | 2 
New Zealand Herald : A $200,000 public sculpture being installed in Auckland is causing a stir with locals, who say it resembles a penis. The Auckland Council-commissioned Transit Cloud has been created as part of a project to breathe new life into traditionally working class New Lynn. 
The aerial component 'ì four aluminium mesh cloud forms 'ì hangs more than 8m over a lane linking New Lynn's shiny new railway and bus station with the town's library and shopping mall. 
The clouds allude to the sky, but two of the forms are being viewed very differently by locals. 'Oh my God, it's a cock and balls,' said Phil Wellman, of Blockhouse Bay. 
'Don't you think it's rude?' said Henderson mother Janine Waters, walking her two young children in a pram. 'It's definitely that. What else could it be,' she said. Another woman, who did not want to be named, called the forms 'masculine'. 
Frances Toohey, who works at Pita Pit by the lane, said the sculpture was very phallic. Customers had been commenting a lot, she said. 'What the hell is that? It's certainly not a cloud. It looks like a penis,' said Joy Dale, of Mt Roskill. She said the sculpture was a waste of ratepayers' money and the council would be better spending the money on more security and patrols in the area. 
Sculptor Gregor Kregar, who with his artist wife Sara Hughes and architect Davor Popadich created the work, said there was never any intention of creating a large phallic image in the sky . 
Transit Cloud, he said, was connected to 30,000 tinted ceramic dots in the laneway floor, acknowledging the local portage history and modern transport focus of the precinct. The forms above resembled clouds and liquid matter, like raindrops. 
'Art is out there to stir reaction,' said Kregar. He was confident people would embrace the work after 50m of neon lights are connected in each form. The sculptor gave the Herald images of the clouds lit up in his New Lynn studio to show how the finished work would look at night. 
Mr. Popadich was surprised by the public response to the sculpture, saying it had a joyful and fun aspect . Council arts and culture manager Kaye Glamuzina said art was always controversial and interpretation subjective. 
From Kregar's website : 
' I utilize familiar subject matter such as human figure, body parts , television sets, bottles, inorganic rubbish and animals. I am interested in how the familiar subject can be represented in a way that displaces the original meaning and imbues the subject with new and unfamiliar meanings. My work deals with issues of ambiguity and the uncanny yet it is strongly connected to the social, economical and political environment I live in.' 
Let's take a look at some of his other work, shall we? 
This exhibition brings together what appear to be two very different groups of work; Gnomes and Geometric constructions. They do not appear, at first glance, to have any relationship to one another, yet conceptually and historically their paths cross at many points. The gnomes are caught in an existence between the happy and helpful gnome and the frozen mystical being. Practising this alchemy of the everyday, the gnomes are turned from the familiar into sublime, the trivial into a precious and valuable, achieving the noble levels of human perception, emotion and appreciation of the world . Wall 'art' next to oversized gnomes. 
Sculptor Gregor Kregar is known for his works that challenge the traditional meaning of his subjects . Often representing works in a way that displaces traditional interpretations, Kregar imbues his subjects in new and unfamiliar environments or surroundings. In Reflective Synthesis two oversized gnomes dominate the gallery space in Kregar's exploration of the trivial everyday aesthetic of his subject, in relation to its mystical and scientific history. 
Hope the taxpayers are happy with this most recent purchase! 
DCG
ARTICLE

| February 18, 2016 at 7:33 am | Reply 
Trump's 'America We Deserve' book came out on 1/15/2000. I've learned magnitudes of mind-changing information in 16 years. Maybe Trump has, too (though he obviously does still have some huge blind spots, such as believing whatever the 'Nightly News' says about anything/everything, from mass shootings [not awake to false flags] to boogeymen terrorists/ISIS [not awake to the fact the CIA/Mossad/MI5/6 create/fund the terrorist groups] to believing the lie that we need to give up privacy for 'more security' [his current anti-Apple vs. FBI opinion], etc.). Even so, I think Trump is 'TEACHABLE,' if the right people are given his ear. 
Steve B. said: ''¶I cannot and will not vote for him, until that repudiation of his pro-choice past comes.' 
He has told the story quite a few times of his change of opinion re abortion. In short, he had friends who were going to abort but had the baby who then grew up to be a great kid which touched his heart personally. And in just the past few days I heard him say he basically went along with the abortion idea in his prior years because his daughter thought it was an OK thing, so he thought it was an OK thing, too. If Ivanka is nearing 35, then she probably DID think it was OK when she was 20-ish. (He did not say that in a blaming or scapegoating kind of way, btw.) Granted, Trump is obviously NOT a Biblically-discipled follower of Jesus. He may be a BELIEVER in Jesus, but he has obviously never been discipled. Trump needs an Aquila & Priscilla to ''¶take him unto them, and expound unto him the way of God more perfectly.' (Acts 18:26). 
Here's Trump's anti-abortion statement from two days ago at his FB site. (Of course, I disagree with him still re: exceptions for 'rape, incest or the life of the mother being at risk.' That's still Lefty hogwash. No baby deserves to be murdered. The baby cannot determine the circumstances. Whatever happened to adoption, for pete's sake?!): 
['¶] Donald J. Trump February 16 at 4:11pm 
Let me be clear'îI am pro-life. I support that position with exceptions allowed for rape, incest or the life of the mother being at risk. I did not always hold this position, but I had a significant personal experience that brought the precious gift of life into perspective for me. My story is well documented, so I will not retell it here. However, what I will do with the remaining space is express my feelings about life, and the culture of life, as we approach the 43nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade. 
I build things. There is a process involved in building things. We tap into a lot of disciplines with engineering being one of the most important. The rules for putting structures together are as strict as are the rules of physics. These rules have stood the test of time and have become the path to putting together structures that endure and are beautiful. America, when it is at its best, follows a set of rules that have worked since our founding. One of those rules is that we, as Americans, revere life and have done so since our Founders made it the first, and most important, of our 'unalienable' rights. 
Over time, our culture of life in this country has started sliding toward a culture of death. Perhaps the most significant piece of evidence to support this assertion is that since Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Count 43 years ago over 50 million Americans never had the chance to enjoy the opportunities offered by this country. They never had the chance to become doctors, musicians, farmers, teachers, husbands, fathers, sons or daughters. They never had the chance to enrich the culture of this nation or to bring their skills, lives, loves or passions into the fabric of country. They are missing, and they are missed. 
The Supreme Court in 1973 based their decision on imagining rights and liberties in the Constitution that are nowhere to be found. Even if we take the court at its word, that abortion is a matter of privacy, we should then extend the argument to the logical conclusion that private funds, then, should subsidize this choice rather than the half billion dollars given to abortion providers every year by Congress. Public funding of abortion providers is an insult to people of conscience at the least and an affront to good governance at best. 
If using taxpayer money to facilitate our slide to a culture of death was not enough, the 1973 decision became a landmark decision demonstrating the utter contempt the court had for federalism and the 10th Amendment. Roe v. Wade gave the court an excuse to dismantle the decisions of state legislatures and the votes of the people. This is a pattern that the court has repeated over and over again since that decision. Perhaps Roe v. Wade became yet another incidence of disconnect between the people and their government. 
We are in the middle of a presidential political cycle and votes will be cast in just days. The citizens of this nation will have the chance to vote for candidates that are aligned with their individual worldviews. It is my hope that they will choose the builder, the man who has the ability to imagine the greatness of this nation. The next President must follow those principles that work best and that reinforce the reverence Americans hold for life. A culture of life is too important to let slip away for convenience or political correctness. It is by preserving our culture of life that we will Make America Great Again. 
120K Likes 12K Comments 23K Shares ['¶]
ARTICLE

  Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments WARNING: 
This post may be the most important post you'll read on not just the 2016 election, but the entire electoral system that legitimates the U.S. republic of representative democracy. The post is long, with multiple sections, so pace yourself accordingly. I suggest you bookmark this webpage so that you can return to read or re-read. '† 
Jim Stone first posted about this two days ago on Nov. 1, 2016. 
Unsure about Stone, who calls himself an 'independent journalist' (based in Japan) and who writes in a less-than-clear or reader-friendly manner, I refrained from writing about his post. 
Then InfoWars picked this issue up a day later on November 2. 
What is claimed is that a hidden web site of NBC affiliate WRCBtv in Chattanooga, Tenn., shows pre-determined final vote counts for an election that hasn't yet occurred 'î the 2016 presidential election scheduled for November 8. 
Below is a screenshot Jim Stone took of the election results on WRCBtv's hidden webpage, showing Hillary Clinton winning with 343 electoral votes and 42% of the popular vote . As Stone puts it: 'SCAM ELECTION ALREADY CONFIRMED. TRUMP LOSES.' 
Stone and InfoWars say the predetermined election results are provided by Worldnow.com. 
So what is WorldNow? 
This is what Wikipedia says, with a lot of jargon: 
'WorldNow is a New York-based software company . . . [that] offers the only integrated media platform enabling broadcasters, operators and media companies to easily create, acquire, manage, analyze, monetize and distribute media assets (text, images and videos) across all digital platforms and on-air systems in a unified, end-to-end workflow . . . . Worldnow's customers include CBS, COX, Dispatch, Fox Television, Meredith Corporation, Media General and Raycom Media . . . . On July 29, 2015, WorldNow announced its sale to Frankly, a San Francisco-based provider of white label social media services and mobile messaging apps . . . . In 2012, Fox Television Stations migrated its websites to WorldNow's platform . . . becoming WorldNow's second largest client (as of 2015, they have since switched to Lakana). In 2011, Meredith Corporation . . . began a four-year contract with WorldNow to operate its station websites. In January 2013, Media General reached a deal to move its eighteen stations to WorldNow, beginning with WFLA-TV.' 
A 'media platform' is a 'platform,' medium or means of communicating news, such as a newspaper, TV station, Facebook , Twitter , or even a blog like FOTM . 
I typed 'worldnow.com' in the URL bar of my laptop, but was brought to the webpage of Frankly Inc. with this URL: http://franklyinc.com/ . 
Frankly's 'About' page says: 
WorldNow , the original broadcast arm of Frankly, was founded in 1999. We now serve over 200 stations across the United States as a true partner, offering customization services and strategic trainings on industry best practices for user engagement and monetization. 
Frankly's 'Investors' page says: 
' Our customers include NBC, ABC, CBS and FOX affiliates , as well as top fashion brands, professional sports franchises and global organizations.' 
In other words, WorldNow is a media software company that provides real-time data 'ì such as election results 'ì to local TV news stations like WRCBtv . 
You can verify this for yourself by going on WRCBtv's website: http://www.wrcbtv.com/ . Scroll down to the bottom of WRCBtv's webpage, and you'll see this in the bottom left of the webpage: 
WRCBtv.com is 'powered by frankly' and Frankly is the owner of WorldNow. In other words, WorldNow provides the content or the news for WRCBtv.com. 
Stone claims that for now, WRCBtv.com's (predetermined) election results page is hidden, awaiting WorldNow to publicly post the (fake) election results sometime in the evening of November 8, Election Day. 
I can verify that the webpage is currently hidden. Here's what I did: I typed 'ftpcontent2.worldnow.com/wrcb/elections/elections.html'in the URL bar, but was brought to a McAfee Web Advisor page warning of 'Trouble ahead' and asking me'Are you sure you want to go there?' I then did a Yahoo search for 'WRCBtv.com decision 2016'. My search's results page has this at the top: 
Note that it says 'Decision 2016: Complete Election Results Posted'. I clicked the blue-colored ' DECISION 2016: Complete Election Results ' and was brought to this page of WRCBtv.com with the message: Our Apologies 
The page you requested is currently unavailable. Pages on this site are constantly being revised, updated, and occasionally removed. You may have followed an outdated link or have outdated pages in your browser cache. Here's a screenshot I took: 
So how did WorldNow come up with its predetermined final vote counts for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ? 
Answer : A method called ' fractional vote '. 
To begin, a fractional vote feature is embedded in the GEMS election management system of electronic voting machines , which counts approximately 25% of all votes in the United States. 
As explained by Gun&Game , the fractional vote feature can be used to invisibly, yet radically, alter election outcomes by pre-setting desired vote percentages for the candidates. The tampering can be applied across large jurisdictions in less than 60 seconds; is not visible to election observers, even if they are standing in the room and watching the computer; and is unlikely to be detected by auditing or canvass procedures. 
GEMS vote-counting systems operate under five trade names: Global Election Systems, Diebold Election Systems, Premier Election Systems, Dominion Voting Systems, and Election Systems & Software, in addition to a number of private regional subcontractors. GEMS is used statewide in Alaska, Connecticut, Georgia, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Utah and Vermont, and for counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. It is also used in Canada. 
Vote-rigging by electronic voting machines is real. 
A 2006 Emmy-nominated HBO documentary, Hacking Democracy , investigates the flawed integrity of electronic voting machines, particularly those made by Diebold Election Systems (now Global Election Systems), and exposes previously unknown backdoors in the Diebold trade secret computer software. Hacking Democracy documents American citizens investigating anomalies and irregularities with electronic voting systems during the 2000 and 2004 elections, especially in Volusia County, Florida. The film culminates in the on-camera hacking of the Diebold election system in Leon County, Florida 'î the same computer voting system which has been used in elections across 39 states, and which still counts tens of millions of America's votes today. 
So what is fractional or fractionalized vote? 
Fractional vote is a method to distort the results of an election by 'weighting' the votes. Instead of the principle of 'one person-one vote,' some votes are counted not as 1, but as a fraction of or less than 1 (e.g., ¬Ω or ¬º), or as more than 1 (e.g., 1¬Ω or 1¬æ). The distortion of 'one person-one vote' is in order to achieve a pre-assigned percentage of votes for each candidate. For example, Candidate A is pre-assigned 51% of the votes, Candidate B 44%, and Candidate C gets the rest 'î 5%. 
An algorithm is used to arrive at the pre-assigned percentages by changing the numbers automatically as the voting progresses. Although Candidate A in actuality received fewer number of votes than Candidate B, by 'weighting' Candidate A's votes, those votes are distorted in value, with one vote being counted, say, 25 times, so that Candidate A is the winner. And although Candidate B actually received more votes than Candidate A, Candidate B's votes are 'weighted' such that their values are less, with some votes converted to zero. The end result is that Candidate B loses. 
According to Jim Stone, below are the numerical votes and percentages that are the pre-assigned presidential election results for the various states , which are already on the 'Election Results' webpage of WMCtv.com, a local TV station in Memphis, TN. (But if you go onto that webpage 'î http://ftpcontent4.worldnow.com/wmctv/elections/wmc-electionresults.html 'î now, all the values are 0): 
Line 119: US President Alabama Line 121: Donald Trump (R) 715,592 44% Line 122: Hillary Clinton (D) 634,275 39% Line 125: US President Alaska Line 127: Donald Trump (R) 115,252 44% Line 128: Hillary Clinton (D) 104,973 40% Line 133: US President Arizona Line 135: Donald Trump (R) 906,638 46% Line 136: Hillary Clinton (D) 867,218 44% Line 139: US President Arkansas Line 141: Hillary Clinton (D) 320,102 38% Line 142: Donald Trump (R) 289,862 34% Line 149: US President California Line 151: Hillary Clinton (D) 4,076,539 45% Line 152: Donald Trump (R) 3,643,970 40% Line 156: US President Colorado Line 158: Hillary Clinton (D) 452,857 23% Line 159: Donald Trump (R) 367,446 19% Line 180: US President Connecticut Line 182: Hillary Clinton (D) 508,013 45% Line 183: Donald Trump (R) 451,669 40% Line 186: US President Delaware Line 188: Donald Trump (R) 148,943 44% Line 189: Hillary Clinton (D) 132,602 40% Line 192: US President District of Columbia Line 194: Donald Trump (R) 111,157 45% Line 195: Hillary Clinton (D) 99,648 40% Line 198: US President Florida Line 200: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,758,845 44% Line 201: Donald Trump (R) 2,543,706 40% Line 206: US President Georgia Line 208: Donald Trump (R) 1,490,410 45% Line 209: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,324,808 40% Line 211: US President Hawaii Line 213: Hillary Clinton (D) 158,720 42% Line 214: Donald Trump (R) 152,232 41% Line 218: US President Idaho Line 220: Donald Trump (R) 198,675 44% Line 221: Hillary Clinton (D) 176,677 39% Line 228: US President Illinois Line 230: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,006,362 44% Line 231: Donald Trump (R) 1,807,369 40% Line 234: US President Indiana Line 236: Donald Trump (R) 1,077,142 45% Line 237: Hillary Clinton (D) 957,461 40% Line 239: US President Iowa Line 241: Donald Trump (R) 490,319 44% Line 242: Hillary Clinton (D) 436,740 39% Line 251: US President Kansas Line 253: Donald Trump (R) 392,701 44% Line 254: Hillary Clinton (D) 349,617 40% Line 257: US President Kentucky Line 259: Donald Trump (R) 721,167 44% Line 260: Hillary Clinton (D) 647,285 40% Line 265: US President Louisiana Line 267: Hillary Clinton (D) 565,941 38% Line 268: Donald Trump (R) 536,155 36% Line 280: US President Maine Line 282: Hillary Clinton (D) 223,591 43% Line 283: Donald Trump (R) 207,990 40% Line 286: US President Maryland Line 288: Hillary Clinton (D) 934,981 45% Line 289: Donald Trump (R) 831,655 40% Line 292: US President Massachusetts Line 294: Donald Trump (R) 960,930 44% Line 295: Hillary Clinton (D) 864,838 40% Line 298: US President Michigan Line 300: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,495,253 40% Line 301: Donald Trump (R) 1,420,490 38% Line 306: US President Minnesota Line 308: Hillary Clinton (D) 835,772 45% Line 309: Donald Trump (R) 643,190 34% Line 317: US President Mississippi Line 319: Donald Trump (R) 455,836 44% Line 320: Hillary Clinton (D) 404,169 39% Line 326: US President Missouri Line 328: Hillary Clinton (D) 919,407 44% Line 329: Donald Trump (R) 826,715 40% Line 333: US President Montana Line 335: Donald Trump (R) 124,285 35% Line 336: Hillary Clinton (D) 106,531 30% Line 340: US President Nebraska Line 342: Donald Trump (R) 266,304 44% Line 343: Hillary Clinton (D) 238,319 40% Line 346: US President Nevada Line 348: Hillary Clinton (D) 392,071 47% Line 349: Donald Trump (R) 349,756 42% Line 354: US President New Hampshire Line 356: Donald Trump (R) 233,389 44% Line 357: Hillary Clinton (D) 211,541 40% Line 361: US President New Jersey Line 363: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,225,655 43% Line 364: Donald Trump (R) 1,104,143 39% Line 372: US President New Mexico Line 374: Donald Trump (R) 257,643 41% Line 375: Hillary Clinton (D) 243,336 39% Line 382: US President New York Line 384: Hillary Clinton (D) 2,874,820 49% Line 385: Donald Trump (R) 2,464,969 42% Line 388: US President North Carolina Line 390: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,834,827 54% Line 391: Donald Trump (R) 1,427,089 42% Line 393: US President North Dakota Line 395: Hillary Clinton (D) 106,150 39% Line 396: Donald Trump (R) 81,170 30% Line 401: US President Ohio Line 403: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,768,330 45% Line 404: Donald Trump (R) 1,571,848 40% Line 408: US President Oklahoma Line 410: Donald Trump (R) 532,869 50% Line 411: Hillary Clinton (D) 479,581 45% Line 413: US President Oregon Line 415: Donald Trump (R) 437,729 35% Line 416: Hillary Clinton (D) 375,196 30% Line 419: US President Pennsylvania Line 421: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,892,527 44% Line 422: Donald Trump (R) 1,714,575 40% Line 426: US President Rhode Island Line 428: Hillary Clinton (D) 176,102 44% Line 429: Donald Trump (R) 158,149 39% Line 433: US President South Carolina Line 435: Hillary Clinton (D) 686,264 44% Line 436: Donald Trump (R) 610,431 39% Line 442: US President South Dakota Line 444: Donald Trump (R) 118,104 40% Line 445: Hillary Clinton (D) 88,577 30% Line 448: US President Tennessee Line 450: Donald Trump (R) 707,501 36% Line 451: Hillary Clinton (D) 699,358 35% Line 457: US President Texas Line 459: Hillary Clinton (D) 3,171,201 42% Line 460: Donald Trump (R) 3,020,193 40% Line 463: US President Utah Line 465: Donald Trump (R) 229,420 30% Line 466: Hillary Clinton (D) 191,184 25% Line 475: US President Vermont Line 477: Hillary Clinton (D) 102,409 44% Line 478: Donald Trump (R) 91,938 40% Line 483: US President Virginia Line 485: Hillary Clinton (D) 1,207,579 44% Line 486: Donald Trump (R) 1,087,068 40% Line 490: US President Washington Line 492: Hillary Clinton (D) 830,496 39% Line 493: Donald Trump (R) 679,285 32% Line 499: US President West Virginia Line 501: Hillary Clinton (D) 276,617 44% Line 502: Donald Trump (R) 248,391 40% Line 506: US President Wisconsin Line 508: Donald Trump (R) 795,047 40% Line 509: Hillary Clinton (D) 587,532 30% Line 515: US President Wyoming Line 517: Hillary Clinton (D) 41,824 30% Line 518: Donald Trump (R) 34,853 25% 
Anticipating that skeptics or the vote-riggers would say that WRCBtv.com's 'hidden page' of election results is merely a 'code test' for the TV station's actual posting of election results on November 8, Jim Stone says that he'd 'ripped the code out worldnow.com/kfvs12/elections.html' and can confirm 'there is no active in it to need testing," i.e., "the page has no code that will tabulate votes." The data on the hidden page are not codes, but are "all just typed in." 
There is another way to demonstrate vote rigging of the 2016 election -- a webpage on election results of KFVS12 , a local TV station in Cape Girardeau, MO: http://82.221.129.208/ftpcontent4worldnowcomkfvs12elections.html . 
The webpage at present is a fakery in progress , with the final (fake) vote counts for some races already filled in, but blank for some other races. This afternoon, November 3, 2016, I took screenshots of every race with (fake) tabulations already filled in, but did not take screenshots of some blank races because I got tired of taking screenshots. The races with no (fake) vote counts are all minor races, such as those for city councils and local initiatives. 
Ask yourself this question: 
Why would the website of KFVS12, a local TV station in Missouri, have the final vote counts for some races in the upcoming November 8 elections already filled in? 
If KFVS12's election results webpage as it is now is merely a "test-run" to ensure that the webpage will be operative on November 8, why are the vote counts of some races -- all relatively unimportant local races -- blank? If the page is a "test," there should be "test" vote counts for every race. 
Can anyone offer another explanation for what's been presented in this post? I'm open to alternative, non-election-fraud explanations. 
Is our entire democratic polity an illusion? 
H/t FOTM 's bongiornoc
ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 5 Comments 
Leftists have a fondness for feces. 
In 1996, Chris Ofili used elephant dung in his painting 'The Holy Virgin Mary'. (See ' NYT refuses Muhammad cartoon but publishes offensive painting of Virgin Mary in elephant dung ') 
The celebrated Spanish artist, Pablo Picasso, was sneakier in his use of feces. 
Richard Johnson reports for Page Six , Oct. 30, 2016, that a new book by Thomas Girst and Magnus Resch, 100 Secrets of the Art World , reveals that Picasso painted with feces. 
Divulging 'a family secret,' Diana Widmaier Picasso told the book's authors that her grandfather, Pablo Picasso, had used the feces of his then-3-year-old daughter Maya (Diana's mother) to paint an apple in a 1938 still life. 
Diana said, 'According to him, excrement from an infant breast-fed by its mother had a unique texture and ocher color. The revulsion that this material might provoke is instead transformed into amazement as we grasp the full imagination of the artist.' Blah, blah, blah. 
Pablo Picasso was a communist and an atheist. 
From Wikipedia : 
In 1944 Picasso joined the French Communist Party, attended an international peace conference in Poland, and in 1950 received the Stalin Peace Prize from the Soviet government. But party criticism of a portrait of Stalin as insufficiently realistic cooled Picasso's interest in Soviet politics, though he remained a loyal member of the Communist Party until his death. In a 1945 interview with Jerome Seckler, Picasso stated: 'I am a Communist and my painting is Communist painting'¶.' 
In 1940, the French government refused Picasso's application for French citizenship on the grounds of his 'extremist ideas evolving towards communism'. This information was not revealed until 2003. 
See also:
ARTICLE

| August 23, 2015 at 9:39 pm | Reply 
To Pancho, I'm researching this material at about the same time you are and also have questions about the products talked about here that surround us every day that we had no idea came about this evil way. The information is devastating to our hearts. 
Just want you to know that man looks at the outer appearances but God looks at the heart. (1 Samuel 16:7) So He sees your grief producing a repentant heart that will lead you turn away from sin and instead go the opposite way in your life. The Bible says it this way, 'godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death.' In other words, worldly grief doesn't change us, but godly grief does. Further, Scripture says, 'If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' (1 John 1:9) I don't know your situation, but I wonder if you have you personally accepted the Lord. We personally need to receive God's gracious gift of salvation knowing that Christ died in our place for our sins. The Bible says 'if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For with the heart one believes and is justified, and with the mouth one confesses and is saved. For the Scripture says: 'Everyone who believes in him will not be put to shame.'' And a few verses later it says, 'For everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.' (Romans 10:9-11, 13) 
The Bible tells us that it is not by our works that we are saved but by grace through faith. It's not what we do, but what God has done through his son. In Ephesians 2, Paul says, '4 But God, being rich in mercy, because of the great love with which he loved us, 5 even when we were dead in our trespasses, made us alive together with Christ 'î by grace you have been saved 'î 6 and raised us up with him and seated us with him in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus, 7 so that in the coming ages he might show the immeasurable riches of his grace in kindness toward us in Christ Jesus. 8 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, 9 not of works, so that no one may boast.' And here's one more passage from Titus 3: '4 But when the goodness and loving kindness of God our Savior appeared, 5 He saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit, 6 whom he poured out on us richly through Jesus Christ our Savior, 7 so that being justified by his grace we might become heirs according to the hope of eternal life.' 
I hope you get to see this and that it helps. Please reply if you have any more questions.
ARTICLE

| November 14, 2015 at 10:33 am | Reply 
'STEREOTYPES EXIST FOR A REASON' 
AND EVERYONE DOES IT, SO DON'T ACT LIKE YOU'RE EXEMPT FROM A HEALTHY WAY OF EXAMINING AND PROTECTING YOUR ENVIRONMENT. 
I noticed this subject coming up more than once in the news feed on FB today, that I thought I'd address it, instead of acting like it's the 'Big Elephant In The Room''¶The 'Elephant' is that ONLY WHITES are to blame for stereotyping and racism, and that BLACKS are the only ones who receive racism, that is so far from the truth, as can be found in any google search on how whites are treated by blacks. Studies have found they are MORE racist than whites and I know why, mainly due to the 'Chip That Is ON Their Shoulder''¶discussed later. 
Racism and stereotyping exist not only because of the obvious, like ones experiences and their encounters with certain individual types, but also what one has been taught, (right or wrong) or better yet, both experience and what they have taught matches, so how can one NOT come to a solid conclusion? At this point their views are pretty much sealed. Kind of like getting 'SAVED' it isn't enough to know in your head something is true about JESUS and His word, but once the heart agrees, then it's pretty much sealed. Why are BLACKS (sorry not into being politically correct, no one is calling me an 'EUROPEAN AMERICAN''¶and REAL Africans hate the comparison'¶lol, google it) the ONLY ones who CRY RACISM at every turn, at every perceived injustice, at every corrective criticism, at every comment made, at not taking accountability for their actions, etc?'¶.The main reason is'¶. 
THE VICTIM MENTALITY: Want to read a great book on the subject, Ken Hamblin's 'Pick A Better Country' and 'Plain Talk And Common Sense''¶I have them both and I use to listen to him when he was on the air and he is right ,and he is as 'black' as they get, (color wise) and he is from Harlem. So I trust his and Bill Cosby's (although, he has tarnished his name now) take on the 'VICTIM MENTALITY'. All one has to do is look around them and see it is true. 
As you can see, my focus will be on RACISM against 'People Of Color' not against whites, because that is the consensus going around and what I have experienced and others I know have experienced. And before anyone tries to call me a RACIST, I am not! I judge people individually, till you prove the stereotype right, then that only makes me MORE cautious of the next person who comes along. And so far in my 51 yrs of EXPERIENCE, I have learned that 'STEREOTYPES EXIST FOR A REASON'. But, like everyone else who has their flaws, such as any white insecure jealous woman, or any man trying to get into my pants, or anyone who exhibits 'Unsafe' or 'Unhealthy' attributes, I will still give another person, no matter what their race is, the 'benefit of the doubt', although I will say, some more than others. I'm not stupid, or ignorant, it's called being WISE. It is one thing to respect others and be cordial, it is another to just let anyone into your life, or do business with them. Trust is earned not freely given. . Going back to the 'VICTIM MENTALITY', this is what is HOLDING THE BLACK COMMUNITY DOWN and is why stereotypes and racism exist. Saying it doesn't, or trying to TWIST or SPIN into existence something that just isn't true, will not FLY with most who have even half a brain. Common Sense and ones Experience will always trump 'POLITICAL CORRECTNESS'. The media doesn't want you to know the truth as they OMIT or SPIN things, but they can only do so much, because of all the REALITY SHOWS. (uncensored behavior and mentality) and NEWS PIECES that portray a better reality. Sad thing is too many just won't say anything, they just talk in private about the subject among those liked minded out of FEAR! But truth is truth, so here goes. 
Does anyone else find it interesting that throughout history, many different races, if not all have been slaves, ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_slavery ) yet ONLY BLACKS are left with a 'VICTIM MENTALITY?''¶don't get me wrong, what was done to them and any slave at the time or in the past and even now (Are we focused on the 200,000 sex trafficked in Sacramento alone???'¶of course not!!!) was wrong. I would have to say that the MISTREATMENT and abuse of another is wrong, but slavery was a way of life even going back to the biblical times. When you think about it, we are ALL SLAVES to something. Slavery and bondage are a way of life even when it comes to ourselves. Some are in BONDAGE to their desires and indulgent behaviors, to their insecurities, to their relationships, to their job, to their boss, to their parents, to their children etc. The only 'FREE SLAVE''¶is one who is a bond servant to Christ and who has follow His Lordship in their life. OK, no rabbit trails, I'll leave it at that. 
Point is SLAVERY is not as dirty of a word as many would like to think'¶.Like many things in our lives, it isn't what happens to us that matters, but what we DO with it'¶.sad to say, most, but not all blacks throughout history have chosen to take the NEGATIVE REACTION for their 'lot in life''¶The 'Blame Game' is so unbecoming'¶ and senseless. I don't care who you are, if one cannot take ACCOUNTABILITY individually for their own actions, in spite of their surroundings and circumstances, then one will naturally FALL PREY to the negativity that comes with that choice. One of my 5 Factors, is 1) ONES OWN SIN. (starts here) John Mcwhorter and Ken Hamblin adequately and articulately explains all the ends and outs of a VICTIM MENTALITY among the black community, way better than I can. All I know is, no other race that has been slaves throughout history has played the 'RACE CARD' nor have they proclaimed themselves as 'VICTIMS''¶none. If anything they OVERCAME and CONTRIBUTED! They banded together (did not destroy each other, black on black crime is extremely high, 90%) and supported each other, financially and in many other ways, to say 'WE ARE A PROUD PEOPLE, WE CAN DO THIS' 
More food for thought. I have often wondered, have any of those who feel such an outrage against how the blacks were treated while enslaved (all nationalities throughout history endured the same, blacks are no different) ever thought about what I am about to say? Like I said, we all have choices to go POSITIVE or NEGATIVE in any given situation and to me I would think the black community would be able to 'move on''¶.be THANKFUL for being brought to AMERICA for their future generations after slavery. Look what they were SAVED FROM. (For one America gave them CHRISTIANITY/SALVATION!) 
Who possesses more slaves today than any other group'¶AFRICA! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_Africa so why is it OK, that blacks can enslave blacks, but no other group can? Why is it that blacks can call themselves degrading names, yet no one else can? Why can they kill whites and not be called racist, but if a black is killed by a white automatically they are racist? Why the double standards?'¶Do they really want to go back to'¶. 
GENOCIDE, SLAVERY, RAPE an epidemic of AIDS etc. And black women, do you really want to be dominated by a man and treated as property and have your cliterious cut off as a child (without any anesthetic) and live the life of an average African woman'¶.. very hard work, no pleasure, no value, life of servant hood (slavery) always in fear? 
Seriously, what are these'Victim Mentality Type' people fighting for? Do they want to go back to Africa? Of course not, they claim they want to be treated EQUALLY'¶Well, that sounds fair to me, THEN ACT LIKE IT! 
STOP fitting the 'stereotype', be the one who says, I don't care what others think of me, if being an 'Uncle Tom' or a 'Sell Out' is what it takes to be 'Equal' then so be it. I will not play victim, I will 'Take The Bull By The Horn' be accountable for my behavior and do what it takes legally, ethically, morally and responsibly to 'FIT IN!' and if more and more people did that then stereotypes would change. 
I could write more on the subject, but feel this is a good place to stop.
ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by DCG | 4 Comments 
As proggies like to proclaim, '#LoveIsLove.' 
From NY Post : A teen's sexual relationship with her uncle is not verboten, a German court ruled this week. 
In its ruling, the judges reasoned that the 15-year-old girl, identified as Josephine , risked 'serious damage in her social-emotional and mental development' if she and her non-blood uncle, 47-year-old Gerrit Haager, were denied contact. The loving uncle/CEN Photo 
In Germany, as in many European countries, the legal age of sexual consent is 14 . Since there is no law in Germany prohibiting the relationship, it may continue to blossom, the court ruled. 
'The court does not offer any opinion on the non-judicial question of whether a 47-year-old married man should return the love of a 14-year-old fired by adolescent affection and enthusiasm,' it wrote, the Telegraph reported . 
'The relationship may be socially undesirable and unacceptable, but it is not covered by criminal law, and not categorically forbidden.' 
The girl from Schildow, a town in the German state of Brandenburg, ditched school and ran off with her uncle a year ago 'î to the dismay of her worried parents, who alerted police. 
The pair were later found in southern France, and the teen was brought back to Germany, where her parents forbade her from seeing her uncle. The parents got the court involved in a bid to keep the two apart. The red-haired teen revolted, stopped attending school, and tried to stay in a government shelter. 
The teen, whom the court described as of 'above average intelligence,' has said her relationship with her uncle is 'goal-oriented and stable,' according to CEN. 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
Seattle proggies love to push businesses out of their city. 
From MyNorthwest.com : Seattle City Councilmember Tim Burgess proposed a 241 percent business license fee hike for pot shops, citing inspection and enforcement costs associated with regulating the two-year-old retail marijuana industry. 
The proposed increase, introduced at Wednesday's budget meeting, would raise the annual licensing cost within Seattle to $3,450 from the existing $1,000 . Cannabis retailers 'î and one council member 'î immediately questioned the proposal, saying that the math doesn't make much sense. 
'So what justified the increase other than the fact that we can do it?' asked District 2 Councilmember Bruce Harrell, citing Mayor Ed Murray's more modest proposal for a $500 increase. 'We've done a cost analysis that actually reflects (the increase)? It seems like we've exceeded it quite significantly.' 
The city's Finance and Administrative Services department defended the cost, saying that even with the mayor's proposed increase, the licensing fee falls $430,000 short of the city's cost to regulate pot. The finance department projected that pot retailers will cost the city more than $700,000 next year. 
Pot growers and retailers wondered why this industry, from a license fee standpoint, must pay for its regulation in a way that other businesses, such as pawn shops and strip clubs, do not. Moreover, the city finance estimate misses a key point, said KC Franks, owner of Stash pot shops. 'What about the $2 million in new sales taxes to the city?' Franks asked. 'Why doesn't their math reflect that?' Seattle Council Tax-Raising-Advocate Tim Burgess 
Burgess, who said he has no independent confirmation of the sales tax figures, conceded that the pot retailers have, 'raised some legitimate objections, so I'm sure we are going to look at all of that.' 
But, he added, the pot issue speaks to a larger policy discussion about how cities pay for the cost of regulating local businesses. Typically, he said, a city uses a blend of licensing fees and taxes to get the money for necessary inspections and enforcement. Pot, he said, costs Seattle about $1 million a year to regulate, an amount which he characterized as a big burden. 'This proposal was made to try to offset some of those costs,' he said 
Burgess said the licensing fee likely will go up, but he is not sure if the full council will support his proposed increase. The measure, as it is or modified, could come to a vote next week. 
Franks and other marijuana retailers characterized the proposal as a simple cash grab directed at an industry without much political clout 'ì or as much money as people seem to think. Philip Dawdy, of the Have a Heart pot shop, wondered why an industry that is a net contributor to city coffers doesn't have more council support? 
When the city raised business license fees to help pay for more police, he said, they consulted retail business organizations first. The pot fee, he said, was a complete blindside. 'We are actually helping to balance the city's budget thanks to sales taxes,' he said. 'Why are we not someone's priority?' 
DCG
ARTICLE

It never ceases to amaze me how, blinded by their narcissism, Hollyweirdos and other pop culture 'celebrities' are rank hypocrites, utterly devoid of introspection. 
The latest exemplar: Pop singer Mariah Carey. 
Carey, 46, is the best-selling female singer of all time, with an estimate net worth of $500 million from her preternatural ability to screech like a dolphin in heat (apologies to dolphins). 
Born in New York state, Carey is biracial 'î her father is of African descent, her mother is of Irish descent 'î which makes Mariah Carey a racial 'minority' in the U.S. 
Beginning at the 0:58 mark in the video below, Carey says she agrees with protests over the lack of women and minorities in 'entertainment' because: 
'I don't think women get a fair deal in anything . . . . [In the music business] it's obvious that we've had to, you know, women and minorities have had to fight for, you know, trying to get equal opportunities for, for ages . . . . There's not enough diversity . . . . I'm just an entertainer but, um, you know, I'm a fan of Hillary [Clinton] . . . of course I'm a fan of Hillary. Of course I would love to see a woman president.' 
Carey is very much in the news these days because Australian playboy billionaire James Packer recently broke off their engagement. Rumors have it that one of the reasons for the breakup was her 'insane spending sprees'. 
According to an account in New York Post 's ' Page Six ' on Oct. 27, 2016, the following are examples of Carey's 'over-the-top . . . frenzied spending that may have doomed her engagement to Packer': Sources say Carey 'regularly drops $10,000 to get her hair and makeup perfect 'î even if it's all going to last just a single day.' Power 105's The Breakfast Club radio host Charlamagne Tha God, aka Lenard McKelvey, who knows the singer, told The Post : 'Mariah is the last of the divas 'î she's got a very old-school approach to stardom. It's champagne-in-the-morning type stuff. She [once] shared some with the Breakfast Club staff at 10 o'clock in the morning, but she did not pour her own champagne 'î someone else poured it for her.' In 2014, Carey 'î who once called overhead lighting 'abusive' 'î showed up to a filmed radio interview on The Breakfast Club over an hour late, with her own lighting crew in tow. McKelvey told The Post : 'I remember thinking to myself, damn, what kind of disposable income she has where she has her own lighting director? That was the first and only time that that has ever happened on the radio show.' Carey reportedly drops at least $45,000 a year on spa treatments for her dogs 'î Jack Russells named Cha Cha and Jill E. Beans 'î even flying them first class to LA in January, which cost over $2,000 per dog. A close friend of Packer told Woman's Day last month that Carey 'spends $100,000 a month ordering exotic flowers from around the world to where she happens to be.' Carey has her own yacht, the Capri, which costs a cool $340,000 per week plus expenses to maintain, according to 'Entertainment Tonight' . She would use a ferry to reach Packer's boat, the Arctic P, which is the seventh-largest privately owned vessel in the world. Carey's closet is 'the stuff of legends, packed with more stilettos than the Barneys shoe department.' She has a room just to store her shoes. In a recent Instagram showing off part of her vast footwear collection, she calls the room 'always my favorite room in the house'. 
But Mariah Carey tells us that women can't get a fair deal in anything and, in the music business, women and minorities have to fight for equal opportunities. 
If you buy this delusional woman's music or go to her concerts, you're contributing to Mariah 'Marie Antoinette' Carey's obscene spending that pollutes the environment and squanders the world's resources. 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on April 15, 2013 by Christian Zionist | 15 Comments 
Whether this article is true or not, it is worth the read. I knew we were headed towards communism when the American electorate chose Clinton, not once, but twice. I knew because I'd gone to high school with Bill Clinton's wife, Hillary Clinton, and I knew her politics. It frightened me, but I thought we could recover. With the election of Obama, not once, but twice, we are now truly a communist nation. There are barely any threads of the Republic left to grab onto and the nation still sleeps. If we don't awaken the 'sleeping giant' soon, the Gulags of Russia will become an American reality. KJLN 
A Russian government official bragged that Barack Obama was a KGB operative and that his presidency had been planned since birth, an American physicist and government contractor reports. Tom Fife, an American computer networking specialist and international businessman, reported the alarming facts about the Kremlin's connection to Barack Obama. The boast from a Communist Party official reportedly occurred during a business trip to Russia,16 years before Barack Obama was ushered into the presidency of the United States. 'It was like an elastic band snapping all the way from 1992,' Fife shakily admitted, upon recall of the exact moment he realized the Communist official had been telling the truth. 
'It was a very, very scary feeling.' 
Fife, a physicist and computer engineer, had been traveling to Russia for a joint venture with a state-owned company when the shocking revelation was revealed to him. After several business meetings, Fife and his partner were invited to the company owner's home at the end of the journey for a farewell dinner. 
The owner's wife was a Communist Party official and was 'climbing two ladders', as Fife puts it, one ladder being the KGB and the other being the traditional Russian society and business ladder. As the evening wore on, the female Communist official became increasingly agitated over a perceived slight and her emotions spilled over. 
'You Americans like to think you're so perfect!' she snarled. 'Well, what if I told you that very, very soon you're going to have a black president'¶ and he's going to be a Communist!' 
The KGB operative was not finished. As she had now dropped this bombshell on the entire gathering, she felt compelled to continue. 
'His name is Barack,' she sneered. 'His mother is white and his father is an African black. He has gone to the best schools, he is what you would call 'Ivy League'.' 
Fife recalls being stunned and shocked at the words flowing from the Communist's mouth as she continued to rattle off an incredibly precise set of details about this Communist operative who was to supposedly become president of the United States. 
The Communist official then stated that he was from Hawaii, but would very soon be elected to the Chicago state legislature. This has turned out to be an eerily prescient prediction, as Barack Obama was not elected State Senator until 1996, a full 4 years afterwards, as he took Alice Palmer's seat. 
In 1992, Obama had recently graduated from Harvard Law School and accepted a position as a Fellow at the University of Chicago Law School. Perhaps the most shocking revelation is how deep the Soviet Communist network has embedded itself into American political and educational culture. A quick review of Obama's political 'career' shows a track that was inexplicably greased, from his tuition payments at Columbia and Harvard, to a position at UOC Law School, to his eventual electoral 'victories' at the Illinois State Senate, United States Senate, and U.S. Presidency. 
Barack Obama's parents ostensibly met in a Russian language class. This could have been where his mother was recruited by Barack Obama Sr, who could have already been working undercover for the KGB. In order to brainwash the child from an early age, they surrounded him with diehard Communists and fellow KGB agents, such as Frank Marshall Davis, a known Communist Party USA official. The Soviet KGB directly funded the CPUSA. This would fit directly into what the Russian Communist said about 'Barack', boasting 'He has been raised to be an atheist and a communist.' 
'He will be a blessing for world communism,' Fife recalled her saying, after getting over the initial shock of hearing the current president was a KGB agent. The creepy prediction stayed with the physicist upon his return to the United States, although he paid it no mind until he began to hear of a swiftly rising political star named Barack Obama. When Fife learned that this same Barack was running in the2008 presidential election, everything snapped into place and he knew he had to tell someone. Today, Fife admits that it deeply disturbs him and that he has never been able to shake the ominous feeling of foreboding about what comes next, now that the KGB official's prediction has come true. 
'It never leaves you, having someone tell you that they've engineered the takeover of your country,' he admits. 'It's really quite scary.' 
See also Dr. Eowyn's May 24, 2010's post on this, ' Obama, A Sleeper Agent For World Communism .' Rate this:
ARTICLE

3 responses to ' Enjoy some 'period positive meditative coloring' with this new book! ' David | November 4, 2016 at 7:02 am | Reply 
Sounds like she is trying to make money of a medical condition that women have no choice but to endure! Maybe if mothers would teach their children, both girls AND boys about female ministration the stigma would go away! Women that refuse to teach their daughters about this problem ARE the problem. Many a young girl that did not know about ministration freak out the first time. If that happens at school even other more educated girls laugh at them and make fun of the unsuspecting girl. I have known of a few in my life time!
ARTICLE

  DCG | 5 Comments 
Ain't multiculturalism grand? 
From Daily Express : The Scandinavian country is facing an existential crisis with on average three police officers handing in their resignations a day. If the alarming trend continues, and police officers continue to resign more than 1,000 officers will have quit the service by New Years. 
Since the migrant crisis began last summer, Sweden has been hit by a series of brutal crimes and violent incidents . In 2015 alone Sweden, with a population of 9.5million, received over 160,000 asylum applications and the country is expected to take as many as 190,000 refugees, or two per cent of the population, by the end of 2016. 
Since the Second World War Sweden has prided itself on helping migrants who cross their borders despite some moves to the political right in recent years. 
But police have now admitted the force has reached breaching point as more than 50 areas in the country have now been placed on a 'no-go zone' list . 
In February a report from Sweden's National Criminal Investigation Service announced there were 52 areas where officers would not cope with the levels of crime being committed . Sex assaults , drug dealing and children carrying weapons were just some of the incidents mentioned in the report. In September, Swedish officials were forced to add another three areas to the list. 
Now the Police Association have said they need at least 200 new officers to regain control in the south-east of the country. 
Thomas Stjernfeldt, from the region's police association, told SVT : 'We are missing extremely many officers in the operational sector, right now we need 200 more officers to be added to the force to establish a reasonable working environment in the southeast of G√∂taland .' G√∂taland is one of the regions in the country that has been hit hard by the car fire attacks, which have been occurring throughout Sweden. 
On Monday, Express.co.uk reported a number of the arsonist attacks in the city of V√§xj√∂, in G√∂taland, had been committed by frustrated migrants . Currently there are more than 6,000 suspected crimes that are unsolved in the area and 400 of these cases are suspected to be rapes, murder or attempted murder. 
Mr. Stjernfeldt said the figures are alarming and police officers are constantly forced to work overtime in an attempt to solve the reported crimes. 
The Police Association admitted it fears the public will lose faith in the force and their ability to protect citizens if the situation is not resolved. 
The union's call for more resources echoes National Police Commissioner Dan Eliasson's February warning, where he said he needed a further 4,100 officers and specialist staff to reestablish law and order in Sweden. 
DCG
ARTICLE

  Dr. Eowyn | 2 Comments 
I've been blogging every day, every week, every month for more than 7 years now. 
Blogging for FOTM requires that I'm really 'plugged in,' ear-to-the-ground on news and goings on, including conspiracy theories. 
After more than 7 years of being 'plugged in,' I've come to the conclusion that the conspiracy theories that I, who began as an innocent, had initially thought to be outlandish turn out to be credible. That's my honest, sober observation 'î from a person who is a full professor, has a Ph.D., was well-trained in and had taught epistemology and the scientific method to undergraduate and graduate students. I go to where the empirical evidence leads me. 
One of the most far-out conspiracy theories is that a shadowy group of √©lites controls governments. In the United States, those √©lites variously are called shadow government, secret government or deep state. (See ' Deep State: Who really rules America ') 
An even more far-out version of that conspiracy theory is that the shadowy √©lites are satanists. 
This post is about Hillary Clinton and her close associates being satanists. Really. Exhibit A Larry Nichols in 2009 
I originally reported the following more than a year ago in ' Clinton friend and assassin Larry Nichols says Hillary Clinton is a satanist '. 
Larry Nichols is a former Green Beret and a longtime associate of Bill Clinton. The two men first met in Arkansas in the late 1970s when Bill was an up-and-coming politician. When Bill was elected governor of Arkansas, he inserted Nichols as the marketing director of the Arkansas Development Finance Authority , an Arkansas state agency that was one of the entities investigated by the Senate Whitewater Committee . 
On the Pete Santilli radio show on September 24, 2013, Nichols admitted that he had killed people as the Clintons' hit man or assassin-for-hire. (See ' Bombshell: Long-time Clinton associate says he killed people for Bill & Hillary ') 
On June 24, 2015, interviewed by Alex Jones for InfoWars , Nichols dropped another bombshell. He said, beginning at the 28:44 mark in the audio above: 
'Back when Hillary was first lady, she would go home on the weekends to California with Linda Bloodworth-Thomason * and some of the other ladies of 'Designing Women'. And they went to a church for witches. Witches, witches, witches . . . . You know that lady that was tryin' to run for the Senate and sometimes she'd gone to some place where they did witch stuff? Hillary went to a church and worshiped Satan . . . . What . . . I think is scaring the hell out of you: there are people that love them [Clintons], no matter what.' 
* Note: Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, together with her husband Harry, was the producer of Designing Women , a popular TV sitcom (1986-1993). Exhibit B 
I first reported the following in a post about two months ago, ' Hillary aide talks about animal sacrifice to demon Moloch in WikiLeaks email '. 
In early August 2016, WikiLeaks released a (hacked) email from W. Lewis Amselem to Cheryl Mills, Hillary's chief of staff. At the time of the email, Amselem served in the State Department under then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as head of the U.S. delegation to the Organization of American States (OAS). (He has since retired.) In the email, Amselem made mention of 'sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to Moloch' 'î an ancient demon. 
Below is a screenshot I took of the WikiLeaks email (you can see the email for yourself here ). I painted a red bracket around the animal sacrifice phrase. 
In the Old Testament , Gehenna was a valley by Jerusalem, where apostate Israelites and followers of various pagan gods sacrificed their children by fire (2 Chr. 28:3, 33:6; Jer. 7:31, 19:2'ì6). One of those gods was Moloch (aka Molech, Molekh, Molok, Molek, Molock, Moloc, Melech, Milcom or Molcom), an ancient Ammonite god who demanded a particular kind of propitiatory child sacrifice from parents. ( Amselem is a Sephardic Jewish surname.) Exhibit C 
The latest evidence of satanism on the part of a Hillary Clinton associate is an email recently released by WikiLeaks . 
The email was sent from Tony Podesta, a powerful Democrat lobbyist, to his brother John Podesta , a longtime Clinton associate who is the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. Tony had forwarded an invitation to attend a satanic ritual called 'spirit cooking dinner' from Marina Abramovic, 69, a Serbian 'performance artist' who now lives in New York. Abramovic's email says: 
'Dear Tony, 
I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? ' 
Tony appended to Abramovic's invitation this message to John Podesta: 
'Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner. ' Here's a screenshot of the email (you can view it on WikiLeaks here ): Paul Joseph Watson of InfoWars explains that 'spirit cooking' is a 'sacrament' in Thelema 'î a religion founded by British occultist-satanist Aleister Crowley, whose motto was 'Do As Thou Wilt''î in which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are mixed to create a 'painting.' According to Abramovic, if the ritual is performed in an art gallery, it is merely art, but if the ritual is performed privately, then 'spirit cooking' is a 'spiritual ceremony''î'to symbolize the union between the microcosm, Man, and the macrocosm, the Divine' and 'a representation of one of the prime maxims in Hermeticism 'As Above, So Below'.' Mike Cernovich cuts (no pun intended) to the quick: Spirit cooking is an 'occult practice used during sex cult rituals , as explained in the book Spirit cooking with essential aphrodisiac recipes .' So who is Marina Abramovic? Let's begin with this disturbing image of Abramovic posing with a bloody goat's head 'î a representation of Baphomet: Here's a video of Abramovic on 'spirit cooking painting': Cassandra Fairbanks of WeAreChange.org has more information on Marina Abramovic: She is known for gory 'performance art' in the name of 'confronting pain and ritual.' One of Abramovic's performances involved repeatedly stabbing herself in her hands. Another featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming pentagram, then jumping inside the pentagram and fainting. Exhibit D 
Many FBI agents involved in the now re-opened criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, who we would expect to know more about her than we do, regard Hillary Clinton as the antiChrist. 
Spencer Ackerman reports for The Guardian , Nov. 4, 2016: 
'Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
'The FBI is Trumpland,' said one current agent. ['¶] 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel ,' and that 'the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.'' 
H/t FOTM 's Anon and Will Shanley 
See also:
ARTICLE

  DCG | 4 Comments 
Another Hollyweird Clinton supporter being trashy . Thank goodness this election is over soon. 
From Daily Mail : She is no stranger to baring it all for her series Girls. But now Lena Dunham is stripping down to show support for her presidential hopeful. 
The 30-year-old comedienne released a rap video to help campaign for Hillary Clinton on comedy website Funny Or Die on Thursday. The three-minute clip was titled Sensual Pantsuit Anthem and featured Tony Award winning performer Cynthia Erivo and radio/television personality Charlamagne Tha God. 
Perhaps the most eye-opening scene of the entire gag is when Lena decides to ditch her red pantsuit to reveal a matching two-piece bikini-like number. As she is ripping off her clothing she rhymes: 'And now I'm going to take off my pantsuit to reveal a more sensual pantsuit cause that's what you do for the candidate you love.' 
The 36-year-old of Power 105.1's The Breakfast Club replies: 'Not sure I really understand the logic here. The rapping is trash and why are you wearing Hillary's lingerie?' Charlamagne presses her on the rationale behind the decision to rap and strip down and Lena hopes for some female solidarity as she says: 'Dance with me Cynthia take your pantsuit off and show us your sensual pantsuit Cynthia.' The 29-year-old actress and singer is not so keen as she sings: 'No I'm good!' 
This leaves Lena to question the entire video as she says: 'I wonder if I'm actually hurting her chances of winning.' The video concludes with Charlamagne reminding everyone to vote on Tuesday, November 8. 
Lena has been unafraid to show her allegiance to Hillary leading up to the election as she used her Halloween costume for a bit of political satire just a few days ago. 
On Monday, the Girls creator dressed up as a cat but had hands fastened to her body so that she was a 'grabbed p***y'. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 5, 2016 by DCG | 1 Comment 
From The Independent : Saudi Arabia is set to behead a disabled man for taking part in anti-government protests. 
A specialised criminal court in Riyadh , the Arab kingdom's capital, sentenced Munir al-Adam, to death for 'attacks on police' and other offences they said took place during protests in the Shia-dominated east in late 2011 . 
The 23-year-old is partially blind and was already partially deaf at the time of arrest; he alleges he is now completely deaf in one ear as a result of being severely beaten by police. His family issued a statement rejecting the verdict and claiming that Mr. Adam was tortured into confessing, The Times reported. 
The steel cable worker said he had only signed a document admitting the offences after being repeatedly beaten. He said he had been accused of 'sending texts' when he was too poor to own a mobile phone. 
Forty-seven protesters and alleged supporters of al-Qaeda were executed in a single day in January. In July, the number of beheadings in Saudi Arabia reached 108 this year, putting the country, which has a population of nearly 29 million people, on track to exceed its 2015 execution total. 
Saudi Arabia is one of the world's most prolific executioners. Research last year by human rights organisation Reprieve found that, of those identified as facing execution in Saudi Arabia, some 72 per cent were sentenced to death for non-violent alleged crimes, while torture and forced confessions were common. 
'Munir Adam's appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman's blade,' said Maya Foa, of Reprieve. 'Saudi Arabia's close allies, including the UK, must urge the kingdom to release Munir, along with juveniles and others who were sentenced to death for protesting.' 
The traditionally close relationship between Saudi Arabia and Britain has become strained in the past year as people in the West have protested against the use of the death penalty, including against minors. Protests also erupted across the Middle East in January. 
Sara Hashah, Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa spokesperson, said Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Iran were responsible for 90 per cent of all recorded executions globally and were out of step with the rest of the world . 
'In Saudi Arabia, where people are routinely sentenced to death after grossly unfair trials, we have seen a dramatic surge in the number of executions in the past two years which has shown no sign of abating in 2016,' she told The Independent in July. 
'This clearly demonstrates that Saudi Arabia's authorities are increasingly out of step with a global trend of states moving away from the death penalty. 'Saudi Arabia's authorities must end their reliance on this cruel, inhuman and degrading form of punishment immediately.' 
Mr. Adam was reportedly detained in February 2012 for taking part in protests in his home town of Qatif the previous year, when he was 18 years old. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on March 22, 2014 by Mike | 45 Comments 
Why Do Progressives and Democrats Hate America? 
It's a loaded question, I know. But please, bear with me for just a moment and put aside all the rhetoric you've heard about political correctness. I ask only that you approach the question from a position of pure logic. 
Progressives and Democrats want to change America. That's no secret. They boast about it openly, and base their political campaigns entirely on the premise of change. I'm sure we agree so far. 
Now consider this: Why does anyone want to change anything unless they're unhappy with it? If you're happy with your job, would you change? If you loved your dog, would you trade him in for a new model? How about your spouse? Does anyone ever leave their spouse who isn't tremendously unhappy and no longer in love? 
I'm sure we can also agree that change stems from disappointment and unhappiness. 
Now back to America. Your children won't hear it from their teachers or read about it their school books, and you certainly won't see it in your newspaper or anywhere on television, but the United States of America has done more good for more people than all the other countries of the world put together. 
America began as a haven for those seeking religious freedom and fought a war to preserve that freedom. 
America fought a war to end slavery and won. (Democrats supported slavery. Republicans opposed it. After the war, the defeated Democrats formed the Ku Klux Klan. Funny how white Americans today are still blamed for the slavery of a hundred and fifty years ago, yet never thanked for sacrificing their lives in order to end slavery.) 
America won two World Wars, and put an end to Hitler's socialist Nazi party. 
America stemmed the tide of communism and provided safety for thousands of Vietnamese refugees who would have been murdered by the communists of North Vietnam. 
For centuries, America has given freedom and hope to the oppressed; hope and joy to the suffering; and liberty and opportunity to people of all races and nationalities. The proof of her greatness can be found every day in the millions of immigrants who flock to her shores seeking the freedom that America offers. 
Yet Progressives and Democrats want to change America. Doesn't that make you just a slight bit suspicious? 
Indeed, Progressives and Democrats want not just to change America, but to fundamentally transform it. And they seek to do so under an ideology that has killed more people in the last one hundred years than have died in all the wars in the history of the world combined: Socialism. 
Socialism under Hitler murdered millions and set the entire world at war. 
Socialism under Stalin murdered upwards of forty million people. 
Socialism under Mao murdered over sixty million people. 
Socialism under Castro continues to murder people today. 
Everywhere socialism goes, it kills. 
Yet Socialism is what Progressives and Democrats want for America. Doesn't THAT make you a tad bit suspicious? 
Just what could cause so many people to despise a country so great as America? Let's examine the question a little more closely. 
Have you ever seen a man get rejected by a beautiful woman? At first, he criticizes her, looking for whatever flaws he can find, then he despises her, and eventually he hates her. Why? Because he can't have her. His hatred is actually a form of self-hatred. He feels unworthy of the woman who rejected him and projects his hate onto her and others. His future attempts at seduction become a means of revenge, a perverted attempt to escape his own self-loathing. 
The same thing happens when a woman is rejected by a man. There's a reason why William Congrave wrote the famous words 'nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.' The scorned woman condemns and sets out to destroy the man she cannot have. Like the rejected man, she suffers from extreme self-hatred. It's self-hatred that fuels feminism and its constant attacks on heterosexual men. If we can't have them, we'll destroy them. 
Progressives and Democrats are no different in their hatred of America. 
America was born a religious, God-loving country and it remains so today. Progressives and Democrats, on the other hand, have rejected God and embraced lives of sin. They support and encourage abortion, racism, intolerance, promiscuity, homosexuality, government theft, and a host of other ills, and then project the guilt and self-hatred they feel for embracing these sins onto a hatred of America and its religious heritage. Because Progressives and Democrats falsely believe that God has rejected them, they reject God. 
America has offered opportunity and economic freedom to anyone who is willing to risk and work hard. Progressives and Democrats have risked once or twice in their lives, failed, and are now terrified at the prospect of competing with other risk-takers. Their fear leads to a sense of entitlement that extends to food stamps, housing allowances, 'free' health care, and personal and corporate welfare. The stronger their self-hatred, the stronger they feel they are above hard work. They hate America, because it reminds them of their own failures to provide for themselves and their families. 
America stands for strength, independence, honor, and compassion. Progressives and Democrats are so frightened by life and have developed such a dependence on government for survival, that they have lost all of these qualities. And they hate themselves for it. 
No self-respecting man can call himself a man if he's beholden to government entitlements for his survival. Progressive and Democrat men know this and they hate themselves for it. 
No self-respecting woman can call herself a woman if she rejects the honor and compassion of motherhood by embracing abortion and feminism. Progressive and Democrat women know this and they hate themselves for it. 
Together, Progressive and Democrat men and women hate America, because it reminds them of all the positive qualities of strength, self-reliance, and kindness they lack the courage to develop in themselves. Like rebellious children who must depend on their parents for survival, but hate their parents because of it, Progressives and Democrats live in a state of suspended adolescence, forever running from the responsibility of motherhood, fatherhood, and limited government. 
They hate America, because they hate themselves. 
Which brings us to socialism. 
Progressives and Democrats embrace socialism, because it represents everything they long for: the complete eradication of the individual. With all of society reduced to lowly pawns, they no longer have to fear being reminded of their own inadequacies. Everyone can be as miserable as they are. Everyone can feel the self-hatred they feel. 
With no one to remind them of their sins, Progressives and Democrats believe their guilt and intense self-hatred will finally be removed. What they fail to realize is that the solution to all their ills lies within them. By embracing America, they can embrace God. And by embracing God, they can eliminate their guilt, their self-hatred, and all the factors that contribute to their misery. It's a solution so simple and so easy that their own leaders are forced to spend billions of dollars, and destroy millions of lives in order to hide it from them. 
If you support Progressivism or the Democratic Party, then you also support socialism. And if you support socialism, then, by definition, you also support the socialism of Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Castro, and many others. Is that something you can live with? Are you ready and willing to forgive yourself and return to the One who calls you? 
He's waiting. He's been waiting. The first step is simply to say, 'Please, God, forgive me'¶' Rate this:
ARTICLE

Anthony Weiner and Human Abedin have reportedly been turned by the FBI and NYPD after horrific evidence discovered on Weiner's computer. Hillary's Shrinking Support 
With news of Hillary's emails revealing almost unbelievable satanic practices and pedophile activity being embraced by Hillary Clinton and John Podesta, even the DNC supporters of Clinton are beginning to get cold feet. 
Will it be enough to save the nation from the horrors of an openly demonic dictatorship? Stay tuned'¶ 
and pray like your life depends on it. 
‚ôû
ARTICLE

Posted on November 5, 2016 by DCG | 3 Comments 
From The Independent : Saudi Arabia is set to behead a disabled man for taking part in anti-government protests. 
A specialised criminal court in Riyadh , the Arab kingdom's capital, sentenced Munir al-Adam, to death for 'attacks on police' and other offences they said took place during protests in the Shia-dominated east in late 2011 . 
The 23-year-old is partially blind and was already partially deaf at the time of arrest; he alleges he is now completely deaf in one ear as a result of being severely beaten by police. His family issued a statement rejecting the verdict and claiming that Mr. Adam was tortured into confessing, The Times reported. 
The steel cable worker said he had only signed a document admitting the offences after being repeatedly beaten. He said he had been accused of 'sending texts' when he was too poor to own a mobile phone. 
Forty-seven protesters and alleged supporters of al-Qaeda were executed in a single day in January. In July, the number of beheadings in Saudi Arabia reached 108 this year, putting the country, which has a population of nearly 29 million people, on track to exceed its 2015 execution total. 
Saudi Arabia is one of the world's most prolific executioners. Research last year by human rights organisation Reprieve found that, of those identified as facing execution in Saudi Arabia, some 72 per cent were sentenced to death for non-violent alleged crimes, while torture and forced confessions were common. 
'Munir Adam's appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman's blade,' said Maya Foa, of Reprieve. 'Saudi Arabia's close allies, including the UK, must urge the kingdom to release Munir, along with juveniles and others who were sentenced to death for protesting.' 
The traditionally close relationship between Saudi Arabia and Britain has become strained in the past year as people in the West have protested against the use of the death penalty, including against minors. Protests also erupted across the Middle East in January. 
Sara Hashah, Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa spokesperson, said Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Iran were responsible for 90 per cent of all recorded executions globally and were out of step with the rest of the world . 
'In Saudi Arabia, where people are routinely sentenced to death after grossly unfair trials, we have seen a dramatic surge in the number of executions in the past two years which has shown no sign of abating in 2016,' she told The Independent in July. 
'This clearly demonstrates that Saudi Arabia's authorities are increasingly out of step with a global trend of states moving away from the death penalty. 'Saudi Arabia's authorities must end their reliance on this cruel, inhuman and degrading form of punishment immediately.' 
Mr. Adam was reportedly detained in February 2012 for taking part in protests in his home town of Qatif the previous year, when he was 18 years old. 
Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

| November 5, 2016 at 1:54 pm | Reply 
This election is one to be studied for years to come. I cannot, with certainty, predict the outcome, although my gut tells me that Hillary will APPEAR to win, via massive vote and electronic machine rigging and hacking, but that Donald Trump CAN successfully litigate to prove this and thus reverse such an outcome. Rest assured there is more than enough skullduggery to go around (on the Democratic side, and limited on the Republican side to the Bush Dynasty and their neo-con front.) I admit my gut feeling may be absolutely wrong: Donald Trump may win by such a landslide that the Soros-Hillary strategy may be 'aborted.' This would be good! (I would also relish the humiliation of the Bush Machine! I want to see them gnash their teeth!) I also follow Dr. Steve Piecenzik, who declared on Alex Jones's radio show on Tue., Nov. 1st, that a 'silent coup' is under way in America. He announced that various intelligence sources in the U.S. have been the source of the Wikileaks program. He said that there are certain elements in the intelligence community that have made it clearly known to the Hillary Camp that she will not be allowed to serve. Let us hope that this maintains. 
In the meantime, we still have our own bubbles to pop out of. I admit I do. There is so much more to study and learn. And it shall be HIGH TIME for the former Goldwater Girl (gone Mad!), Hillary, the Klownish Koughing Kween, to be dumped into the Ashbin of History. Once this happens, the bubble her supporters are living in will finally be popped. For this, History 'don't need no stinking Supreme Court!' IT'S COMING.
ARTICLE

Posted on August 4, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 51 Comments 
Whatever happens on November 8, Donald Trump can claim this achievement: His candidacy exposed the fact that the two-party system of Democrats and Republicans is an illusion. 
What we have in the U.S. instead is a corrupt polity where Democrat and Republican √©lites form a single ruling party, as Professor Emeritus Angelo M. Codevilla stunningly asserted in 2010. (See ' America's Bipartisan Ruling Class vs. the People ') 
The evidence? 
The following list of Republican bigwigs who, by publicly declaring their support for Hillary Clinton 'î the pathological liar who had accomplished nothing as secretary of state, but violated U.S. laws and jeopardized national security with her unsecured private email server; lied about and left four Americans to die in Benghazi; and supports the absolute 'right' of women to kill their unborn 'î instead of Republican Party presidential nominee Donald Trump, have peeled away their masks, revealing their true faces. 
Here's a list of the Republican √©lites who have declared they'll vote for Hillary: Dan Akerson , former chairman and chief executive of General Motors: ''Serving as the leader of the free world requires effective leadership, sound judgment, a steady hand and, most importantly, the temperament to deal with crises large and small. Donald Trump lacks each of these characteristics.'' Marc Andreessen , venture capitalist: ''[Silicon] Valley wouldn't be here, we wouldn't be doing any of this if we didn't have the amazing flow of immigrants that we've had in the last 80 years. And the idea of choking that off just makes me sick to my stomach.'' Richard Armitage , deputy secretary of state and adviser to Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush: Trump ''doesn't appear to be a Republican, he doesn't appear to want to learn about issues. So I'm going to vote for Mrs. Clinton.'' Max Boot , senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and adviser to GOP presidential candidates: ''I'm literally losing sleep over Donald Trump. She would be vastly preferable to Trump.'' Sally Bradshaw , former top Jeb Bush adviser, who told CNN that she left the GOP and became an independent because of Trump: 'As much as I don't want another four years of Obama's policies, I can't look my children in the eye and tell them I voted for Donald Trump.'' Arne Carlson , a former two-term Republican governor of Minnesota who supported Obama. Jim Cicconi , former Reagan and George H.W. Bush aide: ''Hillary Clinton is experienced, qualified and will make a fine president. The alternative, I fear, would set our nation on a very dark path.'' Eliot Cohen , former Bush administration official who has been called 'the most influential neocon in academe,' declared Clinton 'the lesser evil, by a large margin.' Maria Comella , former spokeswoman for governors Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani: ''Instead of speaking out against instances of bigotry, racism and inflammatory rhetoric whether it's been against women, immigrants, or Muslims, we made a calculus that it was better to say nothing at all in the interest of politics and winning elections.'' Doug Elmets , former Reagan spokesman: ''I could live with four years of Hillary Clinton before I could ever live with one day of Donald Trump as president.'' Elmets spoke at the Democratic National Convention, along with other Republicans now backing Clinton. Mike Fernandez , $4 million to GOP candidates in recent years: ''If I have a choice 'î and you can put it in bold 'î if I have a choice between Trump and Hillary Clinton, I'm choosing Hillary. She's the lesser of two evils.'' Charles Fried , US solicitor general under Reagan and current Harvard Law School professor: ''Though long a registered Republican, this will be the third consecutive presidential election in which my party forces the choice between party and, in John McCain's words, putting America first. . . . It is to [Mitt] Romney's credit that this year, like John Paulson and George Will, he is standing up against the brutal, substantively incoherent, and authoritarian tendencies of Donald Trump.' Richard Hanna , a 'moderate' Republican Congressman (NY) who is retiring this year, told The Syracuse Post Standard he will support Hillary because Trump is unfit to lead: 'I think Trump is a national embarrassment. Is he really the guy you want to have the nuclear codes?' Ben Howe , contributing editor at RedState.com. Robert Kagan , senior fellow at the Brookings Institution; former Reagan State Department aide and adviser to the campaigns of John McCain and Mitt Romney; will vote for Hillary. Peter Mansoor , retired Army colonel and former aide to disgraced general David Petraeus: ''It will be the first Democratic presidential candidate I've voted for in my adult life.'' Hamid Moghadam , chairman and chief executive of Prologis: ''Our country is about tolerance and inclusion and that's why, as a lifelong Republican supporter, I endorse Hillary Clinton for president in this election.'' William Oberndorf , $3 million to GOP candidates since 2012: ''If it is Trump vs. Clinton, and there is no viable third-party candidate, I will be voting for Hillary Clinton.'' Henry Paulson , treasury secretary to George W. Bush. Paulson wrote: 'When it comes to the presidency, I will not vote for Donald Trump. 'I will not cast a write-in vote. I'll be voting for Hillary Clinton, with the hope that she can bring Americans together to do the things necessary to strengthen our economy, our environment and our place in the world. To my Republican friends: I know I'm not alone.'' Larry Pressler , former three-term Republican senator from South Dakota: ''I can't believe I'm endorsing Hillary Clinton for president, but I am. If someone had told me 10 years ago I would do this, I wouldn't have believed them.'' Chuck Robbins , chief executive of Cisco. Mark Salter , former top adviser to John McCain: ''Whatever Hillary Clinton's faults, she's not ignorant or hateful or a nut. She acts like an adult and understands the responsibilities of an American president. That might not be a ringing endorsement. But in 2016, the year of Trump's s campaign, it's more than enough.'' Kori Schake , National Security Council and State Department aide. Robert Smith , former judge on New York's highest court, the Court of Appeals: ''This year, I'm going to vote for a Democrat for president 'î the first time I've done it in 36 years 'î and I think the decision is easy. Hillary Clinton is the only responsible choice, and I don't understand why so few of my fellow conservatives see it that way.'' Brent Scowcroft , chairman of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board and adviser to three previous GOP presidents: ''The presidency requires the judgment and knowledge to make tough calls under pressure . . . [Clinton] has the wisdom and experience to lead our country at this critical time.'' Craig Snyder , former chief of staff to then-Republican former senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and also an ex-colleague of former top Trump adviser Roger Stone and current top Trump adviser Paul Manafort. Alan Steinberg , regional EPA administrator. Mike Treiser , former Mitt Romney aide: ''In the face of bigotry, hatred, violence, and small-mindedness, this time, I'm with her.'' Meg Whitman , Hewlett Packard executive; former California gubernatorial contender. 
Add to the above list Glenn Beck , the billionaire Koch brothers , Bill Kristol ( National Review ), Mitt Romney , Karl Rove , and Ben Shapiro ( National Review ), who, although not declaring they'll vote for Hillary, are reported to be adamantly opposed to Trump. 
Here are the Republicans who will vote for the Libertarian Party's Johnson-Weld ticket and so effectively assure a Hillary win : Martin Avila , CEO of Terra Eclipse, former Digital Campaign Director to former Rep. Ron Paul, member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld's steering committee. Julie Germany , Interim Executive Director of the White Coat Waste Project, former COO of Generation Opportunity, member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Mason Harrison , head of communications for Crowdpac, former strategist for the campaigns of Gov. Mitt Romney and ex-Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Jon Henke , former adviser to US Sen. Fred Thompson, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and former Sen. George Allen; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Dawson Hodgson , former member, RI State Senate; former Rhode Island State Prosecutor; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Cyrus Krohn , former Republican National Committee e-Campaign Director; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Ed Lopez , former national vice chairman of the Republican Liberty Caucus; former member of the national campaign at Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry; co-chair of Republicans for Johnson-Weld initiative. Liz Mair , longtime GOP operative whose group is behind the Facebook ad buy in Utah featuring a racy photo of Melania Trump; the RNC's first and only online communications director, and has advised US Senator Rand Paul, Governors Scott Walker and Rick Perry, and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina on communications; co-chair of Republicans for Johnson-Weld initiative. Kevin Martin , former chairman of the Republican Liberty Caucus of Massachusetts; small business owner; co-chair of Republicans for Johnson-Weld initiative. Michael Melendez , former leader of Young Americans for Liberty in Utah and Utah State Central Committee member; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Marco Nunez, Jr. , Republican strategist who served on the George W. Bush and John McCain presidential campaigns, Arnold Schwarzenegger's gubernatorial campaign, and at the Republican National Committee; co-chair of Republicans for Johnson-Weld initiative. Moira Bagley Smith , former communications director to Sen. Rand Paul and multiple members of House GOP leadership; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Lyle Stamps , attorney; former White House staffer; leader of Latter-day Saints for Bush during the 2004 election cycle; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Michael Turk , President of Opinion Mover Strategies; former Republican National Committee e-campaign director; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Luke Williams , New York Times and USA Today best-selling author; Vice President at AECOM; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Dan Winslow , former Chief Legal Counsel to MA Gov. Mitt Romney; former member, MA House of Representatives; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. Keith Velia , finance industry leader; Republican Liberty Caucus of Connecticut Treasurer; Ridgefield Republican Town Committee Associate; member of Republicans for Johnson-Weld steering committee. 
As The Daily Bell observes: 
There is only one party: pro-war and pro-technocratic (corporatist). 
The fundamental mythology of US politics is that the Democrats are socialist-oriented and Republicans believe in freedom and individual human rights. 
But Hillary is corporatist, not socialist'¶. 
Important Republicans call Trump's stances 'brutal, substantively incoherent, and authoritarian.' 
Strangely, Hillary's actions and statements provide evidence of the very authoritarianism and brutality that Trump is being accused of. 
When she and her husband entered the White House, one of the very first things Hillary did was fire the staff of the travel office in order to put her own people in place. 
She didn't just fire the staff however, she also tried to get the head of the office, Director Billy Dale, put in jail for embezzlement. He was subsequently found not guilty and Hillary herself was investigated for initiating the firings and making false accusations. 
Her intimidation and blackmailing of her husband's lovers is well known by this point- and thus her campaign's emphasis on 'women's rights' is ironic to say the least. 
Her voting record and statements reveal an individual who is most comfortable with US serial wars abroad, no matter the reason (or lack of reasons). 
Additional accusations against Hillary and her husband include violence and even murder of individuals whose interests diverged from theirs. 
Most notably, Hillary has been accused of orchestrating the death of Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster. 
None of this seems to register with Republicans who are 'crossing over''¶. 
Conclusion: Whatever else takes place during this federal election, the disintegration of the credibility of the two-party system is perhaps the most important development of all. 
See also:
ARTICLE

Posted on September 7, 2016 by DCG | 53 Comments 
Liberals would probably tell you to not 'body shame' her. I say this woman needs serious medical and mental treatment. 
From Daily Mail : An obese model who is paid by men to eat wants to pile on a further 300lbs to become the world's fattest woman and be completely immobile. Monica Riley, 27, from Fort Worth, Texas, already tips the scales at 700lb but dreams of being too fat to move and is working towards hitting 1,000lb so that she feels like a 'queen'. 
Her feeder boyfriend Sid Riley, 25, whose surname she has taken despite not being married, spends his days cooking Monica meals and even feeding her 3,500 calorie shakes lavished with double cream through a funnel . He then rolls her over when her 91-inch stomach is full. 
Among the things Monica 'ì a model on Super Sized Big Beautiful Woman websites 'ì is looking forward to being immobile and getting a bed with a built-in toilet which Sid will need to empty. 
Monica said: 'The plan is to reach 1000 lbs and become immobile. I would feel like a queen because Sid would be waiting on me hand and foot and he's excited about it too. 
' It's a sexual fantasy for us and we talk about it a lot. He already has to help me get off the sofa and get me out of bed. If I lay down after a big dinner he has to help me roll over because my belly is too full for me to roll 'ì it's a big turn-on for both of us .' 
Despite their controversial plans, the Monica and Sid are trying for a baby and have endured two miscarriages so far. She said: 'We do plan to have children 'ì there's nothing to stop me raising a child from my bedroom . We would get a nanny in to help around the house and take the baby out and about. There's nothing to stop us raising a child. Some people might think it's selfish but I'm confident we would be good parents.' 
Monica had been overweight all of her life and just two years ago she was preparing for bariatric surgery after an ex-boyfriend urged her to shed the pounds. But at the last minute she pulled out of the operation and decided to embrace her figure instead. 
And since meeting average-built Sid online four months ago, Monica has gained almost 55 lbs by gorging on 8,000 calories every day. 
Monica said: ' The bigger I get the sexier I feel. I love my big soft belly and stuffing myself with food really turns me on . Sid loves to cook for me and hand-feed me and I've achieved so much since we got together . He feeds me around the clock and I never have to get up to do anything.' 
On an average day, Monica will eat six biscuits, six sausages in a bread roll, a big bowl of sugary cereal, two weight gain shakes, four McChicken sandwiches, four double cheeseburgers, a large portion of French fries, 30 chicken nuggets, macaroni cheese, Taco Bell treats and a gallon of ice cream. 
Monica hopes to get to a size where she will be unable to do anything for herself 'ì requiring Sid to clean her, feed her and change her 'ì by the time she is 32. 
The couple have run into criticism for their intentions, especially from Monica's mother Terri, but they won't be deterred in their efforts. Monica said: 'My mom doesn't understand it at all and she says I'm killing myself. 'I understand her concerns but it's my life and gaining weight makes me happy. I do worry a little bit about losing my independence but I know Sid loves taking care of me and would never let me suffer. ' 
Sid, who is 6ft 2in and 220 lbs, is also defensive against any criticism and insists he is simply helping Monica achieve her dreams . Sid said: 'There is a misconception that feederism and immobility is about control but that's not the case. If Monica wanted to stop I would accept her decision without question. I wouldn't see caring for Monica as a chore at all. I love her and I love doing things for her 'ì caring for her would be a dream come true.' 
To assist Monica with her weight-gain, Sid prepares a special shake for her to drink through a funnel. The shake consists of ten Pop Tarts, heavy-duty cream, ice cream, milk and weight-gain power, totalling 3,500 calories. 
Monica said: 'The funnel feeding is what I really look forward to. I find it to be a very sexual experience and I know Sid likes it too. I have 20,000 online fans and they love to watch the funnel feeding 'ì it's a big hit.' 
And regardless of the health risks of being morbidly obese, Monica and Sid are charging full steam ahead with their mammoth quest. 
Monica said: 'I could get hit by a car tomorrow and my life would be over. At least if I die this way I will have lived out the life I wanted and fulfilled all of my dreams.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

Hear, LORD, my plea for justice; pay heed to my cry; Listen to my prayer From you let my vindication come; your eyes see what is right. You have tested my heart, searched it in the night. You have tried me by fire, but find no malice in me. My mouth has not transgressed as others often do. As your lips have instructed me, I have kept from the way of the lawless. My steps have kept to your paths; my feet have not faltered. I call upon you; answer me, O God. Turn your ear to me; hear my speech. Show your wonderful mercy, you who deliver with your right arm those who seek refuge from their foes. Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings from the wicked who despoil me. My ravenous enemies press upon me; they close their hearts, they fill their mouths with proud roaring. Their steps even now encircle me; they watch closely, keeping low to the ground, Like lions eager for prey, like a young lion lurking in ambush. Rise, O LORD, confront and cast them down; rescue my soul from the wicked. I am just'îlet me see your face; when I awake, let me be filled with your presence. 
Two days from now, Americans will each go to our respective polling stations to cast our ballots for the gravest, most consequential election in our lifetime. 
May God send the Holy Spirit and the Archangel Michael to help us. 
May God have mercy on us, a sinful people. 2 Thessalonians 2:7, 9-12 For the mystery of lawlessness is already at work. [T]he one whose coming springs from the power of Satan in every mighty deed and in signs and wonders that lie, and in every wicked deceit for those who are perishing because they have not accepted the love of truth so that they may be saved. Therefore, God is sending them a deceiving power so that they may believe the lie, that all who have not believed the truth but have approved wrongdoing may be condemned. 2 Thessalonians 3:1-3, 5 Finally, brothers and sisters, pray for us, so that the word of the Lord may speed forward and be glorified, as it did among you, and that we may be delivered from perverse and wicked people, for not all have faith. But the Lord is faithful; he will strengthen you and guard you from the evil one. May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the endurance of Christ.
ARTICLE

Posted on April 4, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 34 Comments 
Americans didn't know about a curious species of fakery called Crisis Actors until the Dec. 14, 2012 Sandy Hook false-flag shooting massacre. (See ' Remarkable resemblance of Sandy Hook victims and professional crisis actors ') 
Located in Denver, Colorado, a business that calls itself VisionBox Crisis Actors provides professionals ('trained players and actors') who impersonate real-life people in simulations of mass casualty events, such as government drills, shootings and bombings, to help 'schools and first responders create realistic drills, full-scale exercises, high-fidelity simulations, and interactive 3D films.' As an Oct. 31, 2012 feature story on the Crisis Actors website which I found on January 1, 2013, once boasted: 
A new group of actors is now available nationwide for active shooter drills and mall shooting full-scale exercises, announced Visionbox, Denver's leading professional actors studio. 
Visionbox Crisis Actors are trained in criminal and victim behavior, and bring intense realism to simulated mass casualty incidents in public places. 
The actors' stage acting experience , ranging from Shakespeare to contemporary American theater, enables them to 'stay in character' throughout an exercise, and improvise scenes of extreme stress while strictly following official exercise scenarios. ['¶] 
Visionbox Crisis Actors can also play the role of citizens calling 911 or mall management, or posting comments on social media websites. 
For more, see my post ' Professional crisis actors simulate mass casualty events '. 
Curiously, since the phenomenon of crisis actors was uncovered after the Sandy Hook false-flag, crisis actors seem to have gone underground. VisionBox revised its website, removing any mention of crisis actors. But this video that was uploaded to YouTube on Dec. 23, 2012, says the same things about VisionBox which I had reported: 
Professor James Tracy also recently discovered that Crisisactors.org , the website established to represent the collaboration between the Visionbox professional actors studio and FEMA's Emergency Management Institute , went dormant after August 2014. (See ' Where Have All the Crisis Actors Gone? ') 
To add to the insanity, there are even amputee crisis actors, such as those from a business called Amputees in Action , which provides 'trained professional amputee actors' who promise to 'remain in character''for the film and screen industries and for emergency and military services training simulations' with 'special effects (SFX) make-up, moulage and prosthetic artists use cutting edge technology to enhance and extend the appearance and function of limb-loss scenarios.' (For more, see my post ' Did you know there are AMPUTEE crisis actors? ') 
Alleged victim of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, Jeff Bauman, is an example of an amputee crisis actor. See the reasons why in ' Hollywood producer Nathan Folks says Boston Bombing's a false flag '. 
Now add fake political protests and protesters to the things that crisis actors do. 
Jamie Taete reports for Vice , Aug. 6, 2013, that Crowds on Demand is a company that will organize a crowd for you, on demand. The crowd can be fake fans for some celebrity or aspiring celebrity, or fake protesters for a cause. 
Since the company's fake fan events are 'super secret,' Taete attended instead 'a fake protest' called 'Purge Day USA' (to purge mental health problems) which the company organized in Los Angeles 'in coordination with a charity' to 'raise awareness about mental health issues'. Here's a photo of the fake protesters: 
Crowds on Demand's founder and CEO Adam Swart said that there were about 20 protesters at the fake protest and all of them were 'provided by me'. The fake protesters were paid $15 an hour. Swart charges 'a couple thousand dollars' to organize a fake protest with about 20 actors, but he gives discounts to charities. 
To critics who say Crowds on Demand is unethical, Swart , who is only 24 years old , openly and brazenly admits: 'Is it misleading? Yes. That's the idea.' 
A more recent example of fake protesters is an ad on Craig's List soliciting actors to impersonate protesters at Trump rallies. 
As reported by ZeroHedge on March 30, 2016, the ad was placed by 'I'm feelin' the Bern' Bernie Sanders supporters who promise to provide shuttle buses, parking, and protest signs, as well as $15/hour to the actors. Here's a screenshot of the Craig's List ad: 
The above ad has since been removed by its author , but the Daily Caller points out the ad is part of a recurring pattern of anti-Trump Craigslist ads soliciting and paying people to protest at Trump rallies. But Daily Caller claims that the fake protesters are hired not by Sanders, but by Hillary Clinton's people, and paid for by the usual suspects George Soros, MoveOn.org, and Progressive Auto Insurance 's Jonathan Lewis : 
The Establishment on both the left and the right, who want to disenfranchise the millions of Republican voters who support Donald Trump, have blamed the staged riots near Trump rallies on Trump or on Bernie Sanders. That's like blaming the Russians for the Reichstag Fire. Bernie has little to do with these manufactured protests. This is a Clinton operation, a faux protest. 
False flag operations have long been common in politics, but these riots are poisonous to the electorate, intentionally designed to turn violent and stifle free speech. 
This free speech-busting goon squad operation is directed by supporters of Hillary Clinton. It is paid for mostly by George Soros and MoveOn.org and pushed by David Brock at Media Matters for America. It's also funded by reclusive billionaire Jonathan Lewis, who was identified by the Miami New Times as a 'mystery man.' He inherited roughly a billion dollars from his father Peter Lewis (founder of Progressive Insurance Company). 
A march and demonstration against Trump at Trump Tower essentially fizzled Saturday when only 500 'protesters' of the promised 5000 showed up. Infiltrating the crowd, I learned most were from MoveOn or the Occupy movement. Soap was definitely in short supply in this crowd. Several admitted answering a Craig's list ad paying $16.00 an hour for protesters. 
Hillary understands that Trump would lose the votes of certain establishment Republicans if he were the nominee. On the other hand, it doesn't matter, because of his crossover outreach. In Michigan, Democrats and independents who have lost their jobs because of disastrous globalist trade deals like NAFTA are lining up to vote for Donald. 
And so, when you see an anti-Trump protest or another mass shooting, don't believe your eyes. The 'protesters' and 'victims''î including amputees! 'î you see may just be acting. 
~Eowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on April 26, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 21 Comments 
Obama recently was in London, lecturing the Brits against Brexit, their upcoming referendum on leaving the European Union, which deservedly got him a stinging rebuke from London mayor Boris Johnson. 
In an op/ed for The Sun , Johnson recalls that in 2009 when Obama took over the White House, he removed a bust of Winston Churchill that had been in the Oval Office. Johnson writes: 
'Some said it was a snub to Britain. Some said it was a symbol of the part-Kenyan President's ancestral dislike of the British empire 'ì of which Churchill had been such a fervent defender.' 
By the way, in 2012 the Obama Administration first denied removing the bust, calling the story '100 per cent false' 'î that the bust is still in the White House, but simply moved to Obama's private residence. Later, however, the Obama White House admitted that the Churchill bust in the President's residence is a different bust, and that the original one had indeed been removed. (Source: Independent ) 
While in London, in a townhall meeting on April 23, the POS also badmouthed North Carolina on barring so-called 'transgenders' from using the restroom of their fancy instead of in accordance with their biology. That means, if NC's lunatic critics have their way, the state will be forced to let fully biological males with a penis to use a girl's restroom. 
In the course of his hectoring on transgenders' right to use the bathroom of their choice, Obama also extolled same-sex marriage and attributed his change of stance to his daughters, Malia and Sasha. Then he said something very curious. 
As reported and transcribed verbatim by The Huffington Post : 
The president said that he initially didn't think the labels for same-sex couples really mattered as long as they had the same rights as heterosexuals. Sasha and Malia helped him see why that wasn't the case. 
'I have to confess my children generally had an impact on me ,' he said during a town hall in London. ' People I loved who were in monogamous same-sex relationships explained to me what I should have understood earlier, which is it was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma, that if you're calling it something different it means that somehow it means less in the eyes of society.' 
I found the full video of the townhall meeting of hundreds of young 'useful idiots' drinking in the POS's words. This is what Obama said on same-sex marriage, beginning at the 40:13 mark: 
'On marriage equality, I was in favor of so-called civil unions. My notion was initially that labeling those partnerships as marriage wasn't necessary as long as people were getting the same rights, and it would disentangle them from some of the religious connotations that marriage had for lots of Americans. And that's where I think '¶ now, I have to confess, my children generally had an impact on me, people I loved who were in monogamous same-sex relationships explained to me what I should have understood earlier , which is it was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma, that if you're calling it something different it means that somehow it means less in the eyes of society.' 
Brian Anderson of DownTrend.com writes: 
Maybe that's just the worst segue ever, but right after he says his children helped him on the issue he says these people that he loves were in gay sexual relationships. He doesn't say his daughters and other people that he loves convinced him to support gay marriage, just that his daughters did. The entire point that he's trying to make is that Sasha and Malia were the ones that help him arrive at his opinion on the matter. 
I've read that thing a dozen times and I can't come up with any other interpretation. Obama is saying that his daughters, who are in 'monogamous same-sex relationships,' are the ones that convinced him to support same sex marriage. If he was talking about anyone else, he would have put that in, but he didn't. 
What makes this really disturbing is that Obama changed his position on gay marriage in 2012. Malia would have 14 years old and Sasha only 11 . What we are left with is that Obama is claiming his young daughters, one who was pre-pubescent, were in committed gay sexual relationships. 
I found photos of Sasha Obama, 14, with a boy , allegedly her date to her high school's homecoming last October. I could find no reports of Malia, now 17, going on a date or having a boyfriend. 
H/t FOTM 's Glenn47
ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment 
Religion and science need not be at loggerheads for, once again, science discovered something Christians have long believed 'î that we each have a soul. 
Yesterday, an article in the UK rag, The Sun , told of a scientific discovery that that actually is several years old: Physicists have discovered the equivalent of the soul, i.e., something that endures after the death of our bodies. 
To begin, physicists like renowned British physicist Sir Roger Penrose now believe that human consciousness is something ineffable that's 'beyond the computational laws of physics'. Watch and listen as Penrose grapples at describing our consciousness in the video below, beginning at the 2:11 mark: 
'To me, there is something outside the computational laws of physics. And when I wrote my book, 'The Emperor's New Mind,' I was trying to develop this idea, and I was trying to say, 'Well, there is something else out there.' What could it be? Where is the biggest gap in our understanding of physics? . . . most of these things don't have a direct bearing on what the brain does . . . . This big gap is within present-day quantum mechanics . . . maybe that gap is where the theory has to be outside a computational system.' 
According to Penrose and other physicists, our consciousness is 'a packet of information' that's stored at a quantum or sub-atomic level in microtubules within human cells. When a person dies, his or her quantum information (or consciousness) leaves the body and is released into the universe, only to return to the body's cells if the host is brought back to life. Penrose argues that this explains why people can have near-death experiences, and believes that this quantum information amounts to a soul leaving the body : 
'If the patient dies, it's possible that this quantum information can exist outside the body, perhaps indefinitely, as a soul.' 
From Wikipedia : 
'Microtubules are a component of the cytoskeleton , [cellular skeleton] found throughout the cytoplasm . . . . The outer diameter of a microtubule is about 24 nm [nanometre * ] while the inner diameter is about 12 nm . . . . Microtubules are very important in a number of cellular processes. They are involved in maintaining the structure of the cell and, together with microfilaments and intermediate filaments , they form the cytoskeleton . They also make up the internal structure of cilia and flagella .They provide platforms for intracellular transport and are involved in a variety of cellular processes, including the movement of secretory vesicles , organelles , and intracellular macromolecular assemblies (see entries for dynein and kinesin ). They are also involved in chromosome separation ( mitosis and meiosis ), and are the major constituents of mitotic spindles , which are used to pull apart eukaryotic chromosomes .' 
* Note: One nanometre is one-billionth of a metre. 
Dr. Hans-Peter D√ºrr , former head of Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich, said: 
'What we consider the here and now, this world, it is actually just the material level that is comprehensible. The beyond is an infinite reality that is much bigger. The body dies but the spiritual quantum field continues. In this way, I am immortal.' 
As reported four years ago by Australia's News.com on Oct. 31, 2012, Sir Roger Penrose and Dr. Stuart Hameroff , Professor Emeritus at the Departments of Anesthesiology and Psychology and Director of the Center of Consciousness Studies at the University of Arizona, developed a quantum theory of consciousness asserting that our souls are contained inside structures called microtubules within our brain cells. Our experience of consciousness is the result of quantum gravity effects inside these microtubules 'ì a process they call orchestrated objective reduction (Orch-OR). In a near-death experience the microtubules lose their quantum state, but the information within them is not destroyed. Or in layman's terms, the soul does not die but returns to the universe. 
Dr Hameroff explained the theory at length in the documentary Through the Wormhole , which was aired on the Science Channel: 
'The quantum information within the microtubules is not destroyed, it can't be destroyed, it just distributes and dissipates to the universe at large. If the patient is resuscitated, revived, this quantum information can go back into the microtubules and the patient says 'I had a near death experience'. [If the patient dies, it is] possible that this quantum information can exist outside the body indefinitely 'ì as a soul.' 
See also:
ARTICLE

When we think of Earth, this iconic image of the 'Blue Marble' immediately comes to mind. 
We'll call the above image 'Blue Marble I'. 
From Wikipedia : 
The Blue Marble is a famous photograph of the Earth, taken on December 7, 1972, by the crew of the Apollo 17 spacecraft , at a distance of about 45,000 kilometers (28,000 miles). It is one of the most iconic, and among the most widely distributed images in human history'¶. 
The image is one of the few to show an almost fully illuminated Earth disk (slightly gibbous), as the astronauts had the Sun behind them when they took the image. To the astronauts, Earth had the appearance and size of a glass marble, hence the name. 
The photograph was taken about 5 hours and 6 minutes after launch of the Apollo 17 mission, and about 1 hour 54 minutes after the spacecraft left its parking orbit around the Earth, to begin its trajectory to the Moon. 
Or maybe that's not the Blue Marble you have in mind. Maybe it's this iconic image of a more vividly-colored Blue Marble which was released by NASA in 2002. Let's call it 'Blue Marble II'. 
Blue Marble II is so familiar to us in part because it was the default image on the first iPhone. 
But some sharp-eyed geeks discovered 'anomalies' in Blue Marble II, specifically duplicate clouds, as you can see in a cropped section of Blue Marble II (below): 
The discovery of duplicate clouds has led to accusations that not only is the 2002 image (Blue Marble II) a fake, the original Apollo 17 image (Blue Marble I) was likely a fake as well. That, in turn, has led some to question whether everything NASA did and said was fake. See, for example, this post from Plane Not A Planet blog. 
The problem is that, in the years after the first Blue Marble photo was taken by Apollo 17, NASA has released many Blue Marbles, 'Blue Marble II' being one of the best known and most popular. 
As NASA explains about the 2002 'Blue Marble II': 
Metadata Data Date: February 8, 2002 Visualization Date: February 8, 2002 
This spectacular 'blue marble' image is the most detailed true-color image of the entire Earth to date. Using a collection of satellite-based observations, scientists and visualizers stitched together months of observations of the land surface, oceans, sea ice, and clouds into a seamless, true-color mosaic of every square kilometer (.386 square mile) of our planet. These images are freely available to educators, scientists, museums, and the public. 
Much of the information contained in this image came from a single remote-sensing device-NASA's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer, or MODIS. Flying over 700 km above the Earth onboard the Terra satellite, MODIS provides an integrated tool for observing a variety of terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric features of the Earth. The land and coastal ocean portions of these images are based on surface observations collected from June through September 2001 and combined, or composited , every eight days to compensate for clouds that might block the sensor's view of the surface on any single day'¶. The cloud image is a composite of two days of imagery collected in visible light wavelengths and a third day of thermal infra-red imagery over the poles. Global city lights, derived from 9 months of observations from the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program, are superimposed on a darkened land surface map. In other words, rendered in simple English, NASA is saying that the 2002 'Blue Marble II' is not a photo . Instead, the image is a COMBINATION and COMPOSITE of many 'satellite-based observations' (whatever that means), which were 'stitched together' (whatever that means) by scientists and 'visualizers' (whatever that means). 
In other words, Blue Marble II is a fake 'î which would explain the duplicate clouds. 
Here's an admission by Robert Simmon , one of the 'visualizers' who 'stitched together' Blue Marble II, as related by David Yanofsky in his March 27, 2014 article for Quartz , ' The guy who created the iPhone's Earth image explains why he needed to fake it ': 
As it turns out, much of what one might assume about this beautiful image is not true'¶. It isn't actually a photograph of earth. And that blackness surrounding it? That's not space, either'¶. Simmon, a data-visualizer and designer at NASA's Earth Observatory , created the image in 2002. He told Quartz it's not a photograph, but a sophisticated visualization. Images of the earth may seem commonplace, but there are actually very few pictures of the entire planet. The problem, Simmon said, is all the NASA earth-observing satellites are in low-earth or geostationary orbit, meaning none of them are far enough away to see a full hemisphere. The most familiar pictures of the entire Earth are from the 1960s and 1970s Apollo missions to the moon. As realistic as it looks, the image is a composite of four months of light data collected in 2,300 km (1,429 mi) wide bands as NASA's Terra satellite orbited from pole to pole, and the earth rotated beneath it. That data was then stitched together and applied to the surface of a digital ball, then modified in Photoshop. Simmon readily admits there are numerous fakeries in his image. The atmosphere is Photoshop blur. Some of the clouds are collaged together using Photoshop's clone tool to cover gaps in the satellite's coverage. The black area around the earth is not the void of space. It is simply a background of black color that Simmon placed the earth on top of. (This is standard practice, Simmon says: most actual 'photographs' of the earth'îincluding the Apollo images'îpresent the planet on a black background). Without these alterations, the image wouldn't look very earth-like. Simmon said he based his manipulations on reality, 'in the sense that I've looked at a lot of imagery to see how thick should that be, how blue should that be.' But, he later added, 'It's more hyper-realistic than realistic.' 'Without these alterations, the image wouldn't look very earth-like.' 
That's a doozy of a sentence, because our visual images of earth all came from NASA in the first place as none of us has flown into space to actually see the entire Earth. 
Given the admission that Blue Marble II is a fake, we have every reason to wonder about other NASA fakeries and lies, such as the 1986 Challenger explosion (see ' Are the crew members of 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger still alive? ') and whether those photos taken on the Moon are real. 
~√âowyn
ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by DCG | 19 Comments 
From Entertainment Weekly : Every four years, around this time, you start to hear them: the dissatisfied voters who threaten to move to Canada if their candidate loses. With the presidential election looming, such discussions have reached a fever pitch, but what about our political experts? Surely they're not thinking of fleeing north, too? 
EW sat down with Rachel Maddow a few weeks ago to pick her brain about the election and her broadcasting career, from hosting The Rachel Maddow Show (weekdays at 9 p.m. on MSNBC) to co-anchoring MSNBC's primetime political coverage with Brian Williams. We asked her the same question that's on a lot of liberals' minds: If Donald Trump wins the presidency, will she pack up and move to Canada? Not a chance. 
'First of all, my mother would kill me,' Maddow says, laughing. 'My mother escaped Newfoundland in order to come here. Seriously, there's nothing to make you appreciate the United States more than having an immigrant parent .' 
Canadian connections aside, Maddow says she's definitely staying, even if a Trump presidency could have radical effects on her chosen profession . 
'Trump says that once he's president, ' Media's not going to get away with the stuff they get away with now. We're going to change those libel laws! '' Maddow says. 'He blacklisted the freaking Washington Post from covering him. So who knows what it's going to be like with Trump as president? Who knows how he'll use his power to try and destroy the press? ' 
Still, Maddow says she's not going anywhere. 
'If he does what he's promising to do, I don't know if any of our jobs will exist any more,' Maddow says. 'But as long as someone will have me, I'll do this job.'
ARTICLE

This godless shrieking malcontent'¶ This walking cadaver.' 'ì Huma Abedin describing Hillary 
September 03, 2016 at 8:57 pm. Huma Abedin @ yahoo.Com wrote: 
Sorry for my late reply, Hassan. Yes, let me tell you about her. The woman is so odd, so starved for validation, so tormented and vain it is a constant surprise to me that anyone takes her seriously. 
Everyone on the team knows how unwell she is, but they're more determined than ever to see her win. This woman that has a dozen seizures a day. This godless shrieking malcontent passed out in her medical van. This walking cadaver. She's nonfunctional. 
Hassan, nobody cares. We sober her up for speeches and indulge the press corps with cheap sentiment. The first female president. The last glass ceiling, etc. They trip over themselves lining up behind her. 
Surely they know it is not her they're getting. It's the one in the corner, the quiet helper, your sister Huma. 
You asked me once how I did it. How did I take the castle? Hassan, I didn't take it, they gave it to me. Yes, there was a cost. I will admit, subjecting myself to AW (Anthony Weiner) and WJC (William Jefferson Clinton) is mortal torture. But I do it gladly, brother, everything they ask of me, however sick and depraved. I do it, and I smile, rejoicing at the thought of whose glory I serve.' 
''¶whose glory I serve.' Folks, she's not talking about serving the living God. She's serving Alah, AKA the devil. Huma is revealing her motives, her long game, in her service to Hillary Clinton. She is crawling into power to hand us over to islam. 
A friend who is deeply connected and has followed Huma closely for a number of years told me this morning that Huma is slated for a very powerful position in our government if Hillary wins. This makes sense when considering the Appointments Obama made during his presidency. 
‚ôû
ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 9 Comments 
Barack Obama, a sitting President of the U.S. of A., not only tells a bald-faced lie 'î that 'undocumented immigrants,' i.e., illegal aliens, are U.S. citizens 'î he actively encourages illegals to vote, with impunity. 
What a slap in the face of countless people across the world who actually respect this country's laws by applying to immigrate to the United States. 
Here's the video, followed by my transcript: 
Woman who identifies herself as a Millenial ' Dreamer ,' i.e., she illegally came into the U.S. when she was a minor (defined as younger than 16 years old): 'The Millenial Dreamers, undocumented citizens 'î and I call them citizens because they contribute to this country 'î are fearful of voting. So if I vote, will Immigration know where I live, will they come for my family and deport us?' 
Obama: 'Not true, and the reason is, first of all, when you vote, you are a citizen yourself, and there is not a situation when the voting rolls somehow are transferred over and people start investigating. The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential.' 
Words no longer have meaning: 'Undocumented citizens' is a new Orwellian oxymoron. 
Recall that Obama had studied Constitutional law at Harvard Law School. His course of study must have been How to Subvert the U.S. Constitution. 
Why isn't Congress impeaching this outlaw and disgrace to the presidency? 
H/t 'Barry Soetoro'
ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by DCG | 3 Comments 
That's how the Clintons roll'¶ 
From Fox News : Former President Bill Clinton's top aide wrote in 2012 that Chelsea Clinton used Clinton Foundation resources 'for her wedding and life for a decade' and a top Foundation donor was responsible for 'killing' unfavorable press coverage 'ì all as an internal Foundation audit uncovered numerous conflicts of interest and 'quid pro quo benefits,' according to emails released Sunday by WikiLeaks. 
Doug Band, founder of global strategies company Teneo and Bill Clinton's personal assistant since the 1990s, wrote the Jan. 4, 2012, email to future Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chair John Podesta and two other Clinton aides after receiving word that Chelsea had told 'one of the [President] bush 43 kids' and others about 'an internal investigation of money within the foundation.' Band wrote such chatter was 'not smart.' Bill Clinton and Doug Band 
'The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents'¶.,' Band wrote . ' I hope that you will speak to her and end this[.] Once we go down this road'¶.' 
The FBI reportedly is looking into The Clinton Foundation, although the extent and focus of the investigation is unclear. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, had previously said some of the 'personal' emails she deleted from her secret, homebrew server 'ì the subject of another FBI probe 'ì were related to Chelsea's wedding. 
Band's email, which was revealed after Podesta's Gmail account was hacked and subsequently uploaded to WikiLeaks, came at a time of turmoil and upheaval within The Clinton Foundation. Aside from the internal audit, previous emails show a prolonged effort to untangle Teneo from the Foundation. When Band launched the company in summer 2011, he was still employed by the Foundation and Bill Clinton was listed as a Teneo adviser. 
But after much haggling, Clinton's and Band's roles were clearly delineated: Band continued on as a personal aide to Clinton and Clinton became a Teneo client. During the back-and-forth that produced the final document spelling out each of the men's roles, Band on Nov. 12, 2011 wrote an 11-page memo outlining how Teneo was created and how it had helped to enrich Clinton and the Foundation . In that draft of the memo, Band wrote he had 'sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation.' 
'I am sure I have done so imperfectly,' he added. Marc Lasry and Bill Clinton 
In another section of the memo, which was later deleted, Band wrote about billionaire hedge fund manager Marc Lasry as a 'good example of the complex relationships a friend/supporter can have within the foundation.' Chelsea Clinton worked for Lasry, Lasry held Foundation fundraisers and Band was a paid adviser for Lasry's firm, Avenue Capital, an investment company whose holding American Media Inc. publishes The National Enquirer. 
But fundraisers and jobs weren't Lasry's lone contribution to Team Clinton. 
'He has been helpful on a number of fronts, including '¶ responding favorably to our requests to use his plane for Foundation and the Clintons' personal purposes, killing potential unfavorable stories in the Enquirer [of which he owns a controlling share of the debt]'¶' Band wrote. 
Less than a month after Band's Teneo memo went out, lawyers from Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett LLP, the firm contracted to run the internal Foundation audit, emailed a draft of a governance memorandum and recommendations to Podesta, who was serving as a special adviser to the Foundation, and Bruce Lindsey, then the Foundation's CEO. 
The audit draft noted substantial issues, including a Conflict-of-Interest Policy that had not been implemented, conflicts that were not disclosed in a timely fashion and board members not following the policy when they became aware of conflicts. 
'In addition, some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts,' according to the Dec. 5, 2011, draft. Another section of the document noted that 'interviewees also mentioned instances in which gifts and payments received by staff had not been properly disclosed.' 
There were other problems, including 1,298 'complimentary' $20,000 memberships for the Clinton Global Initiative as opposed to just 500 paid memberships. Of the 'complimentary' group, '276 were coded 'discretionary,'' the audit noted. 'Interviewees informed us that there is no transparency into how the comp list is developed,' the document stated. 
The lawyers conducting the audit also noticed problems in the Foundation's IRS Form 990, the tax return document of an organization that is exempt from income tax. While charitable groups are allowed to pay board members and staff a reasonable salary, none of the reasonable compensation calculations identified by the lawyers were ever done, the 990 form showed. The lawyers also wrote the 990 indicated the Foundation had a written conflict-of-interest policy that was enforced. 
'However, we did not find evidence of that enforcement,' the memo stated. 
Other problems included a 'very small' Foundation Board 'comprised solely of 'insiders''; unsigned Board minutes that 'appear to have been cloned from one year to the next; 'material weaknesses' in the 'segregation of accounting duties, review of journal entries, audit adjustments and financial statement preparation, and lack of Board meetings.' 
DCG
ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by DCG | 5 Comments 
From MSN : Alicia Keys doesn't want her kids 'Fallin'' for the lessons in classic Disney animated films 'î especially Snow White. 
In the latest issue of The Edit magazine , the 35-year-old discussed why she doesn't like her two sons watching certain movies. 'They say that every child learns from their mother 'î and it's ingrained from babyhood,' Keys said. 'I get real funky about the classics; I don't like [my sons] watching [the original Snow White]. It's totally sexist, misogynistic 'î she's cleaning for seven dwarfs.' 
The 1937 Disney animated film pits the titular White against an evil witch, with a colorful cast of dwarves for her to take care of. The 'Girl on Fire' singer went on to clarify that it's not how White spends her time that bothers her. 'There's nothing wrong with a woman who chooses to stay at home with her family, it's a hard-ass job, but it's the way it's spoken about,' she said. 
As an artist, Keys has been known to create anthems for change and focusing on individuality. 'For the first time, I'm recognizing how art, activism, socially what we're going through, all go together,' she said. 'For the longest time I thought it was all separate.' 
Blah, blah, blah. Read the rest of the story here . 
DCG
ARTICLE

Grab a hanky'¶ Photo courtesy of Anika Rychner 
From Today.com : Emmett Rychner was the first to move away. Two years ago, the young preschooler moved to a neighboring town, leaving behind his best friend, Erling Kindem, a World War II veteran who lived next door. 
Last week, the time arrived for a final goodbye. 
Erling, 91, died last Saturday, just three days after 6-year-old Emmett paid a visit to the nursing home where he was receiving hospice care. 
'After we told Emmett that Erling had passed away, he was very quiet for a while,' his mother Anika Rychner told TODAY. 'The first thing he said was, 'So we'll just have to wait a really long time. I know we'll see him again in heaven.'' 
For more than a decade, the two families lived next to each other in a Minneapolis suburb, but didn't have much of a relationship beyond saying hello. That changed after Emmett came along. 
'He was about 2 when this all started. He would start venturing over to Erling's backyard when he was out in his garden with his tomatoes,' Rychner recalled. 
One day, when Emmett saw Erling pouring dirt around his new sidewalk, he grabbed his toy shovel and wheelbarrow and walked over. 
Erling was tickled by his new companion and they instantly bonded. 
From then, Emmett went outside anytime he spotted his buddy. 'He would also go knock on Erling's door and ask if Erling could play,' his mother recalled with a laugh. 
The two had lawn mower races (Emmett rode his electric toy mower). They played croquet and rode bicycles. And they cared for Erling's garden, which grew one of the boy's favorite foods, tomatoes. 
'He especially liked the cherry ones that he could pick right there and eat in the garden. So he'd help Dad weed the garden,' Erling's son, Charlie Kindem, told TODAY. 
Two years ago, Emmett's growing family moved away to the countryside. A month later, Erling and his wife moved to a senior apartment. But the two friends continued to visit each other regularly. Photo courtesy Anika Rychner 
'Erling was still driving when we moved away, so we would sometimes come home and find tomatoes from his garden on our front porch, or a note for Emmett with some other treasure he brought him,' Rychner said. 
'If we hadn't visited in a while, Erling would call, and we would go visit,' she said. 'Or sometimes the kids we'd say, 'We should go see Erling,' and we would stop on our way home from school.' 
Emmett often drew pictures of B-24 bomber planes for his friend, who served as a radio operator and gunner during World War II. 
'A lot of kids are not comfortable around elderly people because they look different. Emmett always was,' Rychner said. 'He was never was shy about hugging Erling and holding his hand.' 
When Erling's wife, Joyce, with whom he had five children, died last fall, Emmett and his family attended her funeral. 
'It was a natural thing,' Kindem said of his father's relationship with Emmett. 'He didn't talk down to him at all. He talked to him like he was a regular person and not a little kid.' 
But Erling was always like that, his son said. 
'Dad was always friendly with kids. Growing up, he would play with us, whether it was baseball or football,' he said. He recalled how Erling flooded the vacant lot next door to their home every winter to turn it into an ice rink. 
This past spring, Erling moved into an assisted living home. But his heart condition began to worsen and last month, he moved into a nursing home, where he received hospice care. 
Emmett saw his friend the day after he moved in, and again last week. That was when Emmett read his friend the Lord's prayer, and Erling encouraged his buddy to listen to his parents. Their final goodbye'¶ 
'It felt like a goodbye,' Rychner said. Erling passed away three days later. 
Emmett has been more quiet than usual, but appears to have absorbed the news, in part because his parents had been preparing him. Rychner said she considers it 'a wonderful gift' that Emmett had the chance to experience the decline of a friend's health in such a positive, natural way. 
She felt proud her son didn't shy away from Erling, even in his illness. 
'We all have to experience death at some point in our life of a loved one. That's an important part of growing up. You can't avoid it,' she said. 
Both Rychner and Kindem said they have been moved by the outpouring of support since NBC-affiliate KARE first reported their story two years ago. The station continued to chronicle the friendship and reported the news of Erling's death. 
'He has strong faith that he will see him again,' Rychner said. 
DCG
