ARTICLE

Butler Shaffer  blog/soldiers-getting-stiffed/ 
There is a long-standing myth that 'soldiers fight for our freedom.' The fraudulent nature of this claim is found, repeatedly, in examples that confirm that soldiers do not even fight for their own freedom, much less that of the rest of us. One finds current evidence for this in the California National Guard having offered reenlistment bonuses up to $15,000 to each of some ten thousand soldiers then serving in the Iraq/Afghanistan war. The soldiers and California Guard contractually agreed to this, but the federal government, some ten years later, is now intervening to demand that the soldiers return such bonuses, on the grounds that the California National Guard did not have the authority to enter into such contracts. Many of the ex-soldiers are now being threatened with foreclosure on the liens the government had put on their homes, lawsuits, or with garnishment of wages, and other remedies sought by the federal government. 
Who are these soldiers to complain? Don't they know that respect for the inviolability of contracts applies only to 'persons' (i.e., to human beings) and that they, along with the rest of us, have been redefined as government 'assets,' not self-owning persons? When Tony Snow – then White House press secretary under President George W. Bush – dismissed the deaths of some 2,500 American soldiers as 'it's a number,' and when earlier Secretary of State Madeleine Albright declared that the boycott-incurred deaths of 500,000 Iraqi children was acceptable to her, the state was telling us of our status as no more than resources for its ends. 
Readers familiar with Jacques Ellul's critiques of the 'technological imperative,' will see how this dehumanizing premise gets played out, not only on battlefields, but even in more peaceful settings. At a time when the institutional order boasts of the computerized, driverless trucks and cars it is now introducing to American highways, we witness yet another step in the process of helping us turn ourselves into mindless robots, programmed by our Frankenstein masters. Robots have no independent will or sense of being to be respected by arrogant established authorities. Like the aforementioned soldiers, the relationship between ourselves and the corporate-state is no more to be thought of as contractually-based than is our relationship to a family dog or cat 1:09 pm on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.  blog/hear-roger-stone-jn-ft-worth/ 
It won't be the shoot-out at the non-OK corral, but rather a hot, fun discussion on the election and politics at the Mises Circle , Sat., Nov. 5, 2016. Jeff Deist and Bob Murphy will also speak, and it's just $40 per person, with a nice lunch included. Get the inside dope on the inside dopes. PS: students are free. 12:08 pm on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Becky Akers  blog/praise-manly-men/ 
In response to ' Such a Nasty Marxist ,' my Canadian friend, David Maharaj, reminds me that repulsive as female feminists are, male ones are even worse. 
I couldn't agree more. My thanks go out to all you manly men who've resisted, defied, mocked, ignored or otherwise trashed the feminists' toxic agenda. Are you still opening doors for ladies, yielding your seats to them, or standing when they enter the room? Thank you. Are you teaching your sons to treat women with true respect rather than with the brutal 'equality' that feminism dictates? Kudos to you. Do you refuse to deny the obvious differences in the sexes despite PC's orders to the contrary? Bravo! Do you revel in your God-given physical strength, your masculine orientation, your courage, honor, initiative and other male traits? Way to go! Do you love your wife as Christ does His Church, protecting her and your home and children as God designed you to do? May He richly bless you in this difficult task! 
America desperately needs many things: repentance and spiritual revival, love of liberty, rejection of all Marxism. But among our most devastating shortages are manly men who will vanquish the cultural and political nonsense enslaving us. 
Now, gentlemen, go lift some weights and smoke a few cigars. 11:37 am on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken  blog/cronyism-gas-pump/ 
Gas station owners have come up with a creative way to take more of their customers' money via the power of taxation, says Nathan Keeble . 9:13 am on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Becky Akers  blog/hitlarys-halloween-mask/ 
' Thanks to one historically accurate , if unscientific, presidential polling metric, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton may be in for a frightening Halloween. According to reports from national retailers, sales of Donald Trump Halloween masks lead sales of Clinton masks 55 percent to 45 percent.' 
Before dismissing this just-for-fun poll, you should know that the ' best-selling presidential candidate mask has correctly forecast the outcome of every election since 1996.' 3:51 pm on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken  blog/high-taxes-northern-states-ruining-baseball/ 
Major League Baseball is an unexpected casualty as taxpayers flee high-tax states for more business-friendly and low-tax states. 3:32 pm on October 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Butler Shaffer  blog/state-police-police-state/ 
The Nebraska State Patrol (i.e., the state police force for Nebraska) has sent some of its troopers to North Dakota to help control protests over the pipeline project. Why? If that doesn't prove sufficient to suppress popular expression of opposition to governmental action, will Germany, or France, or Korea (both North and South?) be asked to send troops? Will NATO, and perhaps the United Nations, eventually be called upon to war against the political order's greatest foe: human beings? 7:41  

ARTICLE

By Andrew P. Napolitano October 27, 2016 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he did not intend. Was his hand forced by the behavior of FBI agents who wouldn't take no for an answer? Did he let the FBI become a political tool? 
Here is the back story. 
The FBI began investigating the Clinton email scandal in the spring of 2015, when The New York Times revealed Clinton's use of a private email address for her official governmental work and the fact that she did not preserve the emails on State Department servers, contrary to federal law. After an initial collection of evidence and a round of interviews, agents and senior managers gathered in the summer of 2015 to discuss how to proceed. It was obvious to all that a prima-facie case could be made for espionage, theft of government property and obstruction of justice charges. The consensus was to proceed with a formal criminal investigation. 
Six months later, the senior FBI agent in charge of that investigation resigned from the case and retired from the FBI because he felt the case was going 'sideways'; that's law enforcement jargon for 'nowhere by design.' John Giacalone had been the chief of the New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., field offices of the FBI and, at the time of his 'sideways' comment, was the chief of the FBI National Security Branch. 
The reason for the 'sideways' comment must have been Giacalone's realization that DOJ and FBI senior management had decided that the investigation would not work in tandem with a federal grand jury. That is nearly fatal to any government criminal case. In criminal cases, the FBI and the DOJ cannot issue subpoenas for testimony or for tangible things; only grand juries can. 
Giacalone knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would be toothless, as it would have no subpoena power. He also knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would have a hard time persuading any federal judge to issue search warrants. A judge would perceive the need for search warrants to be not acute in such a case because to a judge, the absence of a grand jury can only mean a case is 'sideways' and not a serious investigation. 
As the investigation dragged on in secret and Donald Trump simultaneously began to rise in the Republican presidential primaries, it became more apparent to Giacalone's successors that the goal of the FBI was to exonerate Clinton, not determine whether there was enough evidence to indict her. In late spring of this year, agents began interviewing the Clinton inner circle. 
When Clinton herself was interviewed on July 2 — for only four hours, during which the interviewers seemed to some in the bureau to lack aggression, passion and determination — some FBI agents privately came to the same conclusion as their former boss: The case was going sideways. 
A few determined agents were frustrated by Clinton's professed lack of memory during her interview and her oblique reference to a recent head injury she had suffered as the probable cause of that. They sought to obtain her medical records to verify the gravity of her injury and to determine whether she had been truthful with them. They prepared the paperwork to obtain the records, only to have their request denied by Director Comey himself on July 4. 
Then some agents did the unthinkable; they reached out to colleagues in the intelligence community and asked them to obtain Clinton's medical records so they could show them to Comey. We know that the National Security Agency can access anything that is stored digitally, including medical records. These communications took place late on July 4. 
When Comey learned of these efforts, he headed them off the next morning with his now infamous news conference, in which he announced that Clinton would not be indicted because the FBI had determined that her behavior, though extremely careless, was not reckless, which is the legal standard in espionage cases. He then proceeded to recount the evidence against her. He did this, no doubt, to head off the agents who had sought the Clinton medical records, whom he suspected would leak evidence against her. 
Three months later — and just weeks before Clinton will probably be elected president — we have learned that President Barack Obama regularly communicated with Clinton via her personal email servers about matters that the White House considered classified. That means that he lied when he told CBS News that he learned of the Clinton servers when the rest of us did. 
We also learned this week that Andrew McCabe, Giacalone's successor as head of the FBI Washington field office and presently the No. 3 person in the FBI, is married to a woman to whom the Clinton money machine in Virginia funneled about $675,000 in lawful campaign funds for a failed 2015 run for the Virginia Senate. Comey apparently saw no conflict or appearance of impropriety in having the person in charge of the Clinton investigation in such an ethically challenged space. 
Why did this case go sideways? 
Did President Obama fear being a defense witness at Hillary Clinton's criminal trial? Did he so fear being succeeded in office by Donald Trump that he ordered the FBI to exonerate Clinton, the rule of law be damned? Did the FBI lose its reputation for fidelity to law, bravery under stress and integrity at all times? 
This is not your grandfather's FBI — or your father's. It is the Obama FBI. 
Reprinted with the author's permission. The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano Tags: Andrew P. Napolitano [ send him mail ], a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel. Judge Napolitano has written nine books on the U.S. Constitution. The most recent is Suicide Pact: The Radical Expansion of Presidential Powers and the Lethal Threat to American Liberty . To find out more about Judge Napolitano and to read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit creators.com. Copyright © 2016 Andrew P. Napolitano

ARTICLE

American Thinker October 27, 2016 
You're probably appalled at the American media's shameless whoring for Hillary Clinton, asking yourself why they would so thoroughly debase their much-touted journalistic ethics. President Obama has answered that question. 
As reported by Agence France Presse, during a recent speech in Pittsburgh he postulated: 
'We are going to have to rebuild within this wild-wild-west-of-information flow some sort of curating function that people agree to. 
'There has to be, I think, some sort of way in which we can sort through information that passes some basic truthiness tests and those that we have to discard, because they just don't have any basis in anything that's actually happening in the world.' 
Set aside the outrageous, un-American gall in proposing that any central authority should 'curate' information put out to the public, and walk with me for a minute down a meandering path of speculation. 
It is, or course, the World Wide Web in which Obama's informational 'wild-wild west' exists. This is the realm of Breitbart, Cybercast News Service, the Drudge Report , World Net Daily , American Thinker , and other non-establishment outlets that persist in making the president uncomfortable. 
And what has happened recently to affect the World Wide Web? The U.S. government has handed over control to ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), the nonprofit agency that assigns website domain names. 
Is it in the president's mind that ICANN might someday assume the 'curating function' he sees as necessary to insure 'truthiness' in web-based news reporting? 
Well, according to ICANN Board Chair Stephen D. Crocker, diverse membership in the organization makes such a thing unthinkable. Quoted by the tech site C/NET, Crocker said: 
'This community validated the multistakeholder model of internet governance. It has shown that a governance model defined by the inclusion of all voices, including business, academics, technical experts, civil society, governments and many others is the best way to assure that the internet of tomorrow remains as free, open and accessible as the internet of today.' 
His confidence is echoed by the Internet Governance Coalition, a group of technology firms that includes Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Verizon, among others. They issued a statement that lauds ICANN's 'strong accountability measures' and upholds 'the bottom-up approach that embodies the very nature of the open internet we experience today.…' 
Pardon the skepticism to which I've become increasingly prone, but this sounds very much like the 'collaborative' concept of governance that prevails in the academic world. 
If you've ever applied for a position at a college or university, you know that what a search committee wants most urgently to know about you is whether you have a 'collaborative style' of working. 
What exactly is a 'collaborative style,' as understood in today's academic world? It means that you won't do anything to contradict the orthodoxy in thought and procedure reigning on campus — in other words, that you are 'politically correct' in your outlook.

ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 
The U.S. Elections: The Latest Crack in the System 
The 2016 U.S. presidential elections are unprecedented: I don't believe we have ever witnessed before a campaign year so toxic, so dangerously divisive and full of ad hominem attacks. Both camps have vilified the opposition and their followers, creating a schism in society. There has been no rational dialogue on the issues that truly concern the American public. 
Instead, we have witnessed personal insults and petty attacks, rumors and gossip. At this point, as a result of this catastrophic campaign, the public will not vote in favor of the candidate they agree with the most or the one they like, but against the one they hate! 
In this article, we do not focus on comparisons between Clinton and Trump; enough has been said and written about the candidates themselves. Here, we look at their supporters – the crowd behind the candidates, those that will in fact shape American policy making in the coming four years. 
Hillary Clinton: The Establishment Remains in Control 
The most important and formidable group within those backing Clinton belong to the upper echelon of society: Wall Street's movers and shakers, big business, the top of the political pyramid and the servants and profiteers of the public sector. In one word: the establishment. 
Clinton's support base includes therefore practically everyone who profits from government regulations and government corruption – they have everything to lose if Hillary doesn't win. It is the same group that advocates and leads the political correctness movement ; they are those state-bred and fed intellectuals who poison the university campus and mass media circus with their belief that they can transform the U.S. into a 'utopia'. 
In reality, this 'utopia' will be created through intense centralization, endless wars and plundering, only to create a totalitarian government where the political elite enforces its will and instructs the public on how to live a happy life, which only benefits the top strata of society that designed it in the first place. Years ago, Jewish American philosopher Hannah Arendt summarized the toxic impact of political correctness as follows: 
'There is no thought process without freedom. To deprive man of his liberty is to deprive him of his own ideas, and if one is not allowed to think, only subjugation and slavery remain.' 
This can only be achieved through a strong foothold on the centralized state and its propaganda engine, the mass media, operating under the doctrine of Edward Bernays, the father of propaganda, better known as public relations. 
Then there's the other extreme of Clinton's supporters: the artificially created underprivileged minorities. These groups have come to depend on the state for support and protection, which has also made it easy for the state to indoctrinate them and reset their mindset to its advantage. 
Those are the people who have fallen in the trap of thinking that only the state can provide them with what they need for a good life, when in reality it only disempowered them. The globalist Clinton herself accuses Trump of 'populism', casting 'nationalism' in a negative light, but she is actually the one promising free lunches for everyone: lenient immigration laws, higher minimum wages, universal healthcare, etc. 
Clinton also preaches against income inequality and condemns Wall Street greed in her speeches, while her campaign cashes in from Wall Street's finest: JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. Under those circumstances… what can you possibly do? Ms. Clinton's top five donors are Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, DLA Piper, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley. Somehow we don't think Wall Street has reason to fear her much. Cartoon by Cataslino 
Trump – the Greatest Politically Incorrect Shock in Decades? 
Whenever people are forced by the government to accept and pay for things they do not want, the outcome is discontent and opposition, typically suppressed and downplayed by the mainstream media in accordance with the state's agenda of political correctness. This further escalates the situation and things often take unpleasant turns, including the fostering of racist and bigoted subsections that we see within the Trump voting base. 
But they are not the majority, not by long shot! One might get this impression, because the mainstream media tend to focus exclusively on this sub-set of supporters through footage and interviews at Trump rallies, because they are considered 'interesting' material; after all, they say outrageously horrible things and are therefore great for TV sensationalism. 
What does Donald Trump stand for? From my perspective, for anything and everything! He stands for everyone who is sick and tired of the current system and the political elite who have grown out of touch with ordinary American citizens. You will find them among the working class, small business owners, and the segment of society that used to be known as the middle class before the crisis; they all harbor grievances against the establishment. 
These are people who understand that the slogan 'the Union and the Constitution forever' has been under attack and downgraded to nothing more than an empty phrase by the power elite and the Deep State. We see first hand how the Patriot Act directly violates not only the first amendment's guarantee of free speech, but also the fourth and fifth amendments, thereby tearing apart the very foundation of a country once based on respect for civil liberties. 
There is no doubt that the second amendment will be crushed under Clinton as well, 'regulating to extinction' the natural right to self-defense and personal sovereignty. We must never forget that we are born with inherent rights, that can neither be granted nor taken away from us by the State. As Judge Napolitano once put it: 
'Natural law teaches that our freedoms are pre-political and come from our humanity and not from the government. As our humanity is ultimately divine in origin, the government, even by majority vote, cannot morally take natural rights away from us. A natural right is an area of individual human behavior – like thought, speech, worship, travel, self-defense, privacy, ownership and use of property, consensual personal intimacy – immune from government interference and for the exercise of which we don't need the government's permission.' 
Even though polls suggest that Trump is trailing nationally, they probably underestimate exactly how big the Trump wave is, and it is significant: between 74% and 83% of Republicans said they will support him (according to polls conducted between Oct 9 th -11 th ). But there is also the silent majority that has been present at his rallies. This silent majority does not necessarily consist of Trump fans, but they do not want to see the country falling into the abyss of state centralization and political correctness. 
They want to discontinue the economic system that has taken them from bad to worse – they are the American version of the European anti-establishment movement. They are well aware of Trump's coarse character and crude remarks, but feel they can overlook that, for the sake of his main strategic advantage: Trump's promise that he does not want America to be controlled by the establishment anymore. 
A Tale of Two Hatreds 
'Politics is like sausage being made. It is unsavory, and it always has been that way, but we usually end up where we need to be. But if everybody's watching… then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.' Hillary Clinton, National Multi-Housing Council, April 2013 
One key reason behind the peoples' hostility towards Clinton is that she personally embodies the hypocrisy and the hubris of the U.S. federal government itself: a government that maims and kills millions with its war on terror, it arms and supports murderous regimes and ideological fanatics and it is known to deploy chemical, biological and nuclear weapons. And yet, it somehow pretends to hold the moral high ground and lectures others on human rights. 
Just as America is an 'exceptional' country, for which normal standards don't apply, Clinton is its 'exceptional' candidate. She accuses her opponent of populism, when her own platform is entirely based on crowd-pleasing promises. 
She calls Trump's policies fascistic while her own would put the final nail on the coffin of free speech. She claims to stand up for the little guy, while she funds her campaign with Wall Street money. She positions herself as the defender of minorities' and women's rights, while her Foundation accepts donations from the most oppressive regimes on the planet. 
At the same time, the American electorate also feels hostility for Trump; that hate is not equivalent though, as few would argue he is trying to hide who he is. The reason why so many dislike him is very different, and it has to do with the identity he projects. He is the ultimate 'anti-intellectual'. 
Of course the term 'intellectual' is quite broad these days, and many intellectuals dislike Trump solely because of what it would say about who they are (in the eyes of their like-minded peers). But these people share a common denominator: they are educated beyond their intelligence and critically depend on repeating what other 'intellectual' people say, as they feel (consciously or not) their ignorance would be exposed if they dared to express an original idea. Trump's world, according to a recent NYT cartoon. The statist intelligentsia certainly feels threatened by Trump. Cartoon by Chappatte 
The Day After: The Legacy of a Bitter Campaign Year 
Unfortunately, whoever wins, the nation will pay a price for this 'divide and conquer' rhetoric. Americans today are too polarized and the tensions that are brewing in the background will not just go away the day after the election: racial and social divisions, as well as the split caused by the choice between a planned vs. a free market economy, a big or a small government. 
Under Trump, we can only hope that America will be given time to heal and to overcome these divisions. Free speech is key: Society can only heal if it returns to a culture of debate with a willingness to agree to disagree. 
From what we know from modern American history, we shouldn't be surprised that the financial markets appear to prefer Hillary over Trump. Wall Street, the bankers and the military industrial complex are expected to continue to thrive under President Clinton. The establishment will live on. Right now the establishment is seemingly pushing for war against Russia and Clinton is undeniably on board with this aggressive narrative. 
And then we have Trump, who is certainly far from perfect. His objectification of women, his comments about Muslims and minorities, his crass demeanor: All these have made it very hard for him to find support for his genuine policy points. 
Even if the actual net effect of his policies were to benefit women, he won't get them on his side by calling them pigs – there is a difference between free speech and just being plain rude, uncivil and vulgar. We may disagree with his infamous 'wall' with Mexico and demands for 'a new budget to rebuild our depleted military' (which makes him no different from Clinton). But he is an outsider, a businessman, and most importantly, a crack in system! 
He challenges the status quo, and that's why the status quo attacks him, by trying to ridicule both him and his voters, by painting them as extremists, or as ignorant and racist. The question is, why don't we just let Trump be Trump? 
As he himself said: 'It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to!'. Consider the boldness of this statement – regardless of whether one agrees with him, he stands confidently for his principles and ideas, even against his own party's leaders (many of which have withdrawn their support). This is a clear projection of power and independence; it says that no one can dictate their demands to him. It says that he is unafraid to speak his mind. 
I say, we should trust his followers. It seems clear that most Trump voters are striving to defend the essence of the constitution and its original intent – to be the basis of a free society. And for me as a believer in civil rights and sovereignty, this is enough to give him or let me rather say, his voters, the benefit of the doubt.

ARTICLE

Voltairenet.org October 27, 2016 
Observing the US presidential electoral campaign, Thierry Meyssan analyses the resurgence of an old and weighty conflict of civilisation. Hillary Clinton has just declared that this election is not about programmes, but about the question «Who are the Americans?». It was not for reasons of his political programme that the Republican leaders have withdrawn their support from their candidate, Donald Trump, but because of his personal behaviour. According to Thierry Meyssan, until now, the United States was composed of migrants from different horizons who accepted to submit to the ideology of a particular community . This is the model which is in the process of breaking down, at the risk of shattering the country itself. During the year of the US electoral campaign that we have just weathered, the rhetoric has profoundly changed, and an unexpected rift has appeared between the two camps. If in the beginning, the candidates spoke about subjects which were genuinely political (such as the sharing of wealth or national security), today they are mostly talking about sex and money. It is this dialogue, and not the political questions, which has caused the explosion of the Republican party – whose main leaders have withdrawn their support for their candidate – and which is recomposing the political chess-board, awakening an ancient cleavage of civilisation. On one side, Mrs Clinton is working to appear politically correct, while on the other, «The Donald» is blowing the hypocrisy of the ex-«First Lady» to smithereens. 
On one side, Hillary Clinton promises male / female equality – although she has never hesitated to attack and defile the women who revealed that they had slept with her husband – and that she is presenting herself not for her personal qualities, but as the wife of an ex-President, and that she accuses Donald Trump of misogyny because he does not hide his appreciation of the female gender. On the other, Donald Trump denounces the privatisation of the State and the racketing of foreign personalities by the Clinton Foundation to obtain appointments with the State Department – the creation of ObamaCare not in the interest of citizens, but for the profit of medical insurance companies – and goes as far as to question the honesty of the electoral system. 
I am perfectly aware that the way in which Donald Trump expresses himself may encourage racism, but I do not believe for a second that this question is at the heart of the electoral debate, despite the hype from the pro-Clinton medias. It is not without interest that, during the Lewinsky affair, President Bill Clinton apologised to the Nation and convened a number of preachers to pray for his salvation. But when he was accused of similar misconduct by an audio recording, Donald Trump simply apologised to the people he had upset without making any appeal to members of the clergy. The current divide re-awakens the revolt of Catholic, Orthodox and Lutheran values against those of the Calvinists, mainly represented in the USA by the Presbyterians, the Baptists and the Methodists. 
While the two candidates were raised in the Puritan tradition (Clinton as a Methodist and Trump as a Presbyterian), Mrs. Clinton has returned to the religion of her father, and participates today in a prayer group composed of the army chiefs of staff, The Family, while Mr Trump practises a more interior form of spirituality and rarely goes to church. Of course, no-one is locked into the systems in which they were raised, but when people act without thinking, they unconsciously reproduce these systems. The question of the religious environment of the candidates may, therefore, be important. 
In order to understand the stakes of this game, we have to go back and look at 17th century England. Oliver Cromwell instigated a military coup d'etat which overthrew King Charles 1st. He wanted to install a Republic, purify the soul of the country, and ordered the decapitation of the ex-sovereign. He created a sectarian régime inspired by the ideas of Calvin, massacred thousands of Irish Papists, and imposed a Puritan way of life. He also created Zionism – he invited the Jews back to England and was the first head of state in the world to demand the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine. This bloody episode is known by the name of the «First British Civil War». 
After the monarchy had been reinstated, Cromwell's Puritans fled from England. They set up in Holland, from where some of them left for the Americas aboard the Mayflower (the «Pilgrim Fathers»), while others founded the Afrikaner community in South Africa. During the War of Independence in the 18th century the United States, we saw a resurgence of the struggle of the Calvinists against the British monarchy, so that in current manuals of British History, it is known as the «Second Civil War». 
In the 19th century, the American Civil War opposed the Southern States (mainly inhabited by Catholic colonists) to the North (mostly inhabited by Protestant colonists). The History of the winning side presents this confrontation as a fight for freedom in the face of slavery, which is pure propaganda. The Southern states abolished slavery during the war when they concluded an agreement with the British monarchy). As a result, we once again saw the revolt of the Puritans against the British throne, which is why some historians speak of the «Third British Civil War». 
During the 20th century, this interior confrontation of British civilisation seemed over and done with, apart from the re-appearance of the Puritans in the United Kingdom with the «non-conformist Christians» of Prime Minister David Lloyd George. It was they who divided Ireland and agreed to create the « Jewish national homeland» in Palestine. 
In any case, one of Richard Nixon's advisors, Kevin Philipps, dedicated a voluminous thesis to these civil wars, in which he noted that none of the problems had been solved, and announced a fourth confrontation [ 1 ]. 
The adepts of the Calvinist churches, who for the last 40 years have voted massively for the Republicans, now support the Democrats. 
I have no doubt that Mrs Clinton will be the next President of the United States, or that if Mr Trump were to be elected, he would be rapidly eliminated. But over the last few months, we have witnessed a large electoral redistribution within an irreversible demographic evolution. The Puritan-based churches now account for only a quarter of the population and are swinging towards the Democrat camp. Their model looks like a historical accident. It disappeared in South Africa, and will not be able to survive much longer, either in the United States or in Israël. Beyond the Presidential election, US society will have to evolve rapidly or split once again. In a country where the youth massively rejects the influence of the Puritan preachers, it is no longer possible to displace the question of equality. The Puritans envisage a society where all men are equal, but not equivalent. Lord Cromwell wanted a Republic for the English, but only after he had massacred the Irish Papists. This is how it is at the moment in the United States – all citizens are equal before the law, but in the name of the same texts, black people are systematically condemned, while attenuating circumstances are found for white people who have committed equivalent crimes. And in the majority of states, a penal condemnation, even for a speeding ticket, is enough to cancel the right to vote. Consequently, white and black people are equal, but in most states, the majority of black people has been legally deprived of its right to vote. The paradigm of this thought, in terms of foreign policy, is the «two-state» solution in Palestine – equal, but above all, not equivalent. 
It is Puritan thinking that led the administrations of preacher Carter, Reagan, Bush (Sr. and Jr. are direct descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers), Clinton and Obama to support Wahhabism, in contradiction to the declared ideals of their countries, and today, to support Daesh. 
A long time ago, the Founding Fathers built communities in Plymouth and Boston which were idealised in the US collective memory. And yet the historians are formal – they claimed to be creating the «New Israël», and chose the «Law of Moses». They did not place the Cross in their temples, but the Tables of the Law. Although they are Christians, they attach more importance to the Jewish scriptures than the Gospel. They oblige their women to veil their faces and re-established corporaI punishment. 
Note: The Best of Thierry Meyssan Tags: French intellectual, founder and chairman of Voltaire Network and the Axis for Peace Conference. His columns specializing in international relations feature in daily newspapers and weekly magazines in Arabic, Spanish and Russian. His last two books published in English : 9/11 the Big Lie and Pentagate . The articles on Voltaire Network may be freely reproduced provided the source is cited, their integrity is respected and they are not used for commercial purposes (license CC BY-NC-ND ).

ARTICLE

PR Newswire October 27, 2016 
TUCSON, Ariz. , Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Concerns about Hillary Clinton's health have been subdued after her three debate performances. She presented her ability to survive 4-and-a-half hours on a stage with Donald Trump as proof of sufficient stamina to serve as commander-in-chief. 
'She evidently intended this as a joke, although I suspect our combat veterans would not be amused,' states AAPS executive director Jane Orient, M.D. 
Videos are, however, circulating on the internet, from her rather brief and rare appearances in public, which are purported to show pathological eye movements. 
'These are quick, episodic, and inconsistent,' states Dr. Orient, who is an internist. 'So we decided to ask doctors on our email list to have a look at one of the videos . A helpful tool is to paste the URL into http://RowVid.com and watch it at half or quarter speed.' 
Nearly two-thirds of respondents said they saw abnormal movements. Only 15% did not, and 21% were unsure. There are long segments in which the eye movements appear normal. 
About 60% of those who saw abnormal movements thought 'the cause could be a potentially disabling neurological condition,' and none of them were willing to say that it isn't. 
Such movements signify an abnormality in portions of the brain that coordinate the eye muscles. There is a long differential diagnosis. Possibilities the respondents suggested include increased intracranial pressure (she is at risk for that because of her history of head trauma and a transverse sinus clot); a drug effect; or a chronic degenerative neurological condition. Parkinson's disease is mentioned—with drug treatment concealing most manifestations but causing the eye signs. 
Doctors were asked which tests would be helpful, and 37 responded . The most common one was a full neurological examination by unbiased specialists, including a neuro-ophthalmologist. 
'A neuro-ophthalmologist could do a structured examination, but it might be normal at a moment in time. The video clips need to be explained,' stated Dr. Orient. 'A cardiologist might do an electrocardiogram that is perfectly normal—but he will also look at a 24-hour monitor that may show a transient life-threatening rhythm disturbance.' 
A collection of additional clips in slow motion has been posted. 
'As Hillary revealed to the public, perhaps illegally, the President may have only four minutes to respond to a nuclear threat,' said Dr. Orient. 'The public needs to know whether she is concealing a serious, progressive illness that may impair memory, reasoning, alertness, or ability to think quickly at a critical time.' 
The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) is a national organization representing physicians in virtually all specialties and every state. Founded in 1943, AAPS has the motto 'omnia pro aegroto,' which means 'all for the patient.' 
SOURCE Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) Tags:

ARTICLE

CliveMaund.com October 27, 2016 
Some of you may have noticed that I have 'gone quiet' over the last few weeks regarding the Precious Metals sector, and I have actually been asked by one subscriber if I have given up on the sector. 
My response was: 
'We have not lost sight of the thunderous bull market that is currently incubating in gold and silver, that will spin off huge opportunities in Precious Metals stocks, which is an inevitable outcome of the deepening financial crisis resulting from a snowballing of the debt and derivative problems that were not solved following the crisis of 2008, but were only papered over by means of financial engineering and printing money. The reasonable presumption is that, rather than let the system implode, those responsible for this mess will resort to the only option left open to them – so-called 'helicopter money', which is, needless to say, highly inflationary, and will be a principal driver for the expected huge ramp in gold and silver prices.' 
In the interim, whilst bullish factors coalesce for the Precious Metals, we have been keeping an eye on other sectors, and in particular the marijuana sector, which is making great strides forward in both the recreational and medical spheres, having been held back for decades by Big Pharma with its enormous lobbying power, keen to suppress natural competition for its expensive potions. So what we have now is a situation where a sector that had been confined to the shadows for decades is suddenly bursting onto center stage, providing an enormous opportunity for savvy investors. The marijuana sector experienced a preliminary thinly traded bubble back in 2014, which we ignored for a number of reasons, however, many of those reasons ceased to have relevance, and the sector has been providing amazing returns over the last few weeks. 
Whatever your opinion on the legalities of Cannabis, it is in a huge growth phase at the moment, and there is an upcoming vote in the US on the 8th of November that will be a major pivot point for the stocks we are looking at. 
To help people understand more about the sector, and how they can capitalize on it right now, we have prepared a Green Paper, which is available for download here. I suggest anyone who is interested in making large, short-term gains takes a look at it and considered following us over the next two weeks while we drain every potential drop of profit out of this one! 
Back to the Precious Metals sector……… 
We have seen a quite severe correction in gold and silver since the early July peak, with a particularly sharp decline early this month coming as a shock to many, even including us – but it shouldn't have been – COTs looked awful all through the Summer and predicated such a drop. However, Commercial short and Large Spec long positions are at last starting to ease significantly as we can see on the latest COTs charts shown lower down the page, although there is still plenty of room for improvement. 

GDX update 
The sector correction is believed to have largely run its course, with the earlier overbought condition having more than fully unwound and GDX having dropped back to the vicinity of the rising 200-day moving average. Few are bullish, as made plain by the Gold Miners Bullish Percent Index shown lower down the page, which reinforces the growing bullish case. Fortunately, because both the corrective downtrend channel and the nearby strong support level are clearly defined, we can delineate a choice of two unequivocal buy signals. One is the GDX dropping into the support level shown and the 2 nd is a clear breakout from the downtrend channel – so you don't need to lose sleep over it, just do one or the other, whichever comes first, and we will aim to keep you updated as this situation develops. 
The current low sentiment readings for Precious Metal stocks are an indication that we are either at or close to an intermediate sector bottom here. The Gold Miners Bullish Percent Index chart shown below makes this clear. Putting this together with the COTs, it looks like we are early in a sector basing process here, which could continue for some weeks. Although we may see some further downside in gold and silver, the downside in PM stocks is regarded as limited, due to them having already corrected hard so that we only have a 21.4% bullish rating for stocks. This means that it makes sense to start moving in and buying the best stocks on down days, which is precisely what we have been doing during the past couple of weeks. 
End of update.

ARTICLE

Breitbart October 27, 2016 
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton's plan for Syria would 'lead to World War Three,' because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia. 
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy. 
… 
'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,' said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton. 
'You're not fighting Syria any more, you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,' he said.

ARTICLE

GoldSwitzerland October 27, 2016 
There are a lot of people who are concerned about the performance of gold and the fact that the price after four years of correction is still so far from the high. The mistake that most people make is to measure gold in US dollars. We are seeing currently very temporary dollar strength. But the US$ is a weak currency in a mismanaged economy. Just look at the dollar in Swiss Francs. Since 1970 the dollar has lost 77% against the Swissy. That can hardly be called dollar strength. 
The dollar is a very weak currency 
If we measure the dollar in real money which is gold, of course, the not so mighty dollar has lost 80% in this century. 
So to talk about a strong dollar is totally ridiculous. The dollar is in a long-term downtrend which will continue for many years until it reaches zero. The temporary dollar strength gives the appearance that gold is currently weak. But we must remember that gold should be measured in your home currency and not only in dollars. It is pure laziness that makes non-Americans quote gold in dollars. International media don't make it easier since they always show the dollar price. 
The US population is less than 5% of world population and most of the remaining 6.7 billion people are not linked to the dollar. If we instead use GDP as a measure, the US represents around 25% of global GDP but that still leaves 3/4 of global GDP which is not dollar based. My point is that gold in dollars is only relevant to a minority of the world and the rest of us should measure gold in our home currency. 
Gold in pounds up 47% in 2016 
Let us look at gold in the UK pounds for example. Any Brit who has kept his money in gold since December 2015 had gained a staggering 47% in the last ten months. Had he instead kept his money in the UK stock market, he would have made just 13% which is 1/4 of the gain he could have made in gold. 
The chart of gold in pounds below is an excellent example of the wealth preservation properties of gold. When a currency weakens, most investors don't realize how much real value this is costing them. As opposed to most governments, gold tells the truth and the truth is that for UK citizens, their currency has lost a huge 1/3 of its purchasing power in the last 10 months measured in gold. 
But it is not just gold's performance in pounds this year which is significant. Since 1999, gold in pounds is up 6.6x. That means that the pound has lost 85% of its purchasing power when measured in gold. During the same period, the FTSE100 index has gone nowhere since it is today at the same level as it was in 1999. 
UK stock market investors are deluding themselves when they believe they have preserved capital with a market that has gone sideways for 17 years when in real money – gold – they could have made almost seven times their investment. Also, since most investors around the world only look at the gold price in dollars, they believe that gold is far from the 2011 highs. But looking at the chart above, gold in pounds, for example, is only 8% from the September 2011 peak. 
Few UK investors, and that includes institutional investors, realize that if they had just kept their funds in real money – gold – for the last 17 years, they would have outperformed all other asset classes. That trend will continue for many years as all the bubble assets such as stocks, bonds and property will lose another 50-90% against gold.

ARTICLE

Ready Nutrition October 27, 2016 
At our house, back to school means back to kids bringing home germs. When the leaves start turning, I start reaching for my cough drops, feeling that all too familiar tickle in my throat. If I can, I try to drink tons of water, wash my hands like crazy, and keep the bug from taking hold. But once I know I'm past the point of no return, the following things can help cut the duration of my cold and get me back to my busy life. 
Do you know how to tell the difference between a cold and a flu virus? 
Sleep Helps You Heal 
You probably know this already: one of you body's first ways of signaling that all is not right internally is to make you very tired and sluggish. Don't fight this feeling! Take a day or two off of work , if need be. Sleeping early and often during a cold can significantly cut the duration and intensity of a common cold. Sleeping allows your body to rest and recuperate—taking 10 hours of rest now could save you days down the line. Chances are you'll pass out right away, but if you have trouble getting good sleep (particularly if your cold symptoms include coughing and congestion) put yourself in a dark, cool room with a white noise machine and a high-quality humidifier. 
Avoid catchall cold medications that are high in alcohol. Even though these drugs might seem like they're helping you pass out, what you need is good quality, REM sleep. Alcohol can disrupt your natural, restorative sleep patterns and leave you feeling groggy. If you're certain you need some assistance with sleeping, some people swear by melatonin as a natural sleep aid. 
Exercise (Even If You Don't Feel Like It) 
So, you've succumbed to a cold, you've slept a solid 8 hours and you're still feeling under the weather. You should definitely skip your workout today, right? Wrong! Even though the LAST thing you probably feel like doing is slogging through your exercise routine, you don't want to flake out altogether. Movement and respiration actually speed up the healing process (doctors believe working out causes immune cells to respond to and attack viruses at a faster rate). But instead of doing your normal intensity workout, try doing light cardio such as walking or even speed walking. Listen to your body—if it feels like you can do more, push yourself a little. If you fell like you want to die, dial it back. And of course, it's not polite to spread germs at the gym, so taking a walk outdoors or at least avoiding a community treadmill is much appreciated.

ARTICLE

Explorers accidentally find a graveyard of more than 40 perfectly preserved ancient shipwrecks at the bottom of the Black Sea By Shivali Best Daily Mail October 27, 2016 In the depths of the Black Sea lies a landscape of complete darkness, where there is no light and no oxygen. Archaeologists have long believed this 'dead zone' holds of a perfectly preserved graveyard of shipwrecks. Now, a mapping expedition has proved them right, after accidentally uncovering more than 40 ancient shipwrecks from the Ottoman and Byzantine periods. More than 40 shipwrecks have been discovered from the Ottoman and Byzantine periods, many of which provide the first views of ship types known from historical sources. Pictured is a shipwreck from the Ottoman period The expedition has been scouring the waters 5,900ft (1,800 metres) below the surface of the Black Sea using an off-shore vessel equipped with some of the most advanced underwater equipment in the world. The vessel is on an expedition mapping submerged ancient landscapes which were inundated with water following the last Ice Age. The project, known Black Sea Maritime Archaeology Project (Black Sea MAP), involves an international team led by the University of Southampton's Centre for Maritime Archaeology. Professor Jon Adams, the principle investigator on the project, said: 'We're endeavouring to answer some hotly-debated questions about when the water level rose, how rapidly it did so and what effects it had on human populations living along this stretch of the Bulgarian coast of the Black Sea. 'The primary focus of this project is to carry out geophysical surveys to detect former land surfaces buried below the current seabed, take core samples and characterise and date them, and create a palaeoenvironmental reconstruction of Black Sea prehistory.' The vessel is based on board the Stril Explorer and carries some of the most advanced underwater survey systems in the world. The researchers are using two Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs) to survey the seabed. One is optimised for high-resolution 3D photography, while the other, called Surveyor Interceptor, 'flies' at four times the speed of conventional ROVs and carries an entire suite of geophysical instrumentation, as well as lights, high-definition cameras and a laser scanner.

ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 Solar winds triggered a giant geomagnetic storm this week, raising fears that they could cripple power supplies. The charged particles are coming from a coronal hole on the sun that is currently facing Earth. If Earth's magnetic field was hit by charged particles the effects could also include radar and satellite interference, causing problems phone and internet networks and navigation services. Power grid operators in the US were put on alert yesterday following concerning space weather forecasts. But the impact could be felt all over the world. Warnings were issued by the operator of the biggest power grid in the US, PJM Interconnection LLC, as well as by Midcontinent Independent System Operator, which manages high-voltage power lines across North America, reports Bloomberg . These were the result of US Space Weather Prediction Center raising a 'serious' G3 level storm alert, though the alert was later downgraded to a less severe G2 storm. 'Voltage corrections may be required, false alarms triggered on some protection devices', said the U.S. Space Weather Prediction Center. 'Drag may increase on low-Earth-orbit satellites, and corrections may be needed for orientation problems'. The 'moderate' G2 warning remains in affect today. The solar storms could potentially affect telecommunications and power infrastructures all over the globe. The UK's Met Office space weather forecast for today said: 'Elevated solar winds are expected throughout the period, with G1-G2 minor to moderate geomagnetic storms forecast.'

ARTICLE

Becky Akers  blog/cankles-corruption-vitiates-predictions-election/ 
Re: Hitlary's Hallowe'en Mask , in which I advised against 'dismissing this just-for-fun poll' because 'the 'best-selling presidential candidate mask has correctly forecast the outcome of every election since 1996′,' Scott Evans asks, 'Doesn't a repetition of history assume that this election will be clean and free of vote-rigging shenanigans? (Probably a foolish assumption that previous elections have met that description, but in any case less so than the obvious manipulations of this one.)' 2:25  

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken  blog/bad-economics-behind-monopoly/ 
A pro-tax disciple of Henry George gave us the board game we know today as Monopoly . Article by Chris Calton . 2:20  

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken  blog/federal-meddling-dairy-farms-hurts-consumers-producers/ 
Federal laws against free association of dairy producers has created a deeply distorted and unresponsive market, says Dave Albin . 1:20  

ARTICLE

By Eric Margolis October 28, 2016 
As a former soldier and war correspondent who has covered 14 conflicts, I look at all the media hoopla over tightening siege of Mosul, Iraq and shake my head. This western-organized 'liberation' of Mosul is one of the bigger pieces of political-military theater that I've seen. 
Islamic State(IS), the defender of Mosul, is a paper tiger, blown out of all proportion by western media. IS is, as this writer has been saying for years, an armed mob made up of 20-something malcontents, religious fanatics, and modern-day anarchists. At its top is a cadre of former Iraqi Army officers with military experience. 
These former officers of Saddam Hussain are bent on revenge for the US destruction of their nation and the lynching of its late leader. But IS rank and file has no military training, little discipline, degraded communications, and ragged logistics. 
In fact, today's Islamic State is what the Ottoman Empire used to term, 'bashi-bazouks,' a collection of irregular cut-throats and scum of the gutter sent to punish and terrorize enemies by means of torture, rapine, looting, and arson. 
What has amazed me about the faux western war against ISIS is its leisurely nature, lack of élan, and hesitancy. In my view, ISIS was mostly created by the US and its allies as a weapon to be used against Syria's government – just as the Afghan mujahadin were used by the US and the Saudis to overthrow the Soviet-backed Afghan government. Israel tried the same tactics by helping create Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon. Both were cultivated to split the PLO. 
ISIS is an ad hoc movement that wants to punish the West and the Saudis for the gross carnage they have inflicted on the Arab world. 
Western and Kurdish auxiliary forces have been sitting 1.5 hours drive from Mosul and the IS town of Raqqa for over a year. Instead, western – mainly US – warplanes have been gingerly bombing around these targets in what may be an effort to convince breakaway ISIS to rejoin US-led forces fight the Damascus regime. 
Note that ISIS does not appear to have ever attacked Israel though it is playing an important role in the destruction of Syria. Some reports say Israel is providing logistic and medical support for IS. 
The siege of Mosul is being played up by western media as a heroic second Stalingrad. Don't be fooled. IS has only 3-5,000 lightly armed fighters in Mosul and Raqqa, maybe even less. The leaders of IS are likely long gone. IS has few heavy weapons, no air cover at all, and poor communications. Its rag-tag fighters will run out of ammunitions and explosives very quickly. 
Encircling Mosul are at least 50,000 western-led soldiers, backed by heavy artillery, rocket batteries, tanks, armored vehicles and awesome air power 
The western imperial forces are composed of tough Kurdish peshmerga fighters, Iraqi army and special forces, some Syrian Kurds, Iranian 'volunteers' irregular forces and at least 5,000 US combat troops called 'advisors', plus small numbers of French, Canadian and British special forces. Hovering in the background are some thousands of Turkish troops, supported by armor and artillery ready to 'liberate' Iraq – which was once part of the Ottoman Empire. 
For the US, current military operations in Syria and Iraq are the realization of an imperialist's fondest dream: native troops led by white officers, the model of the old British Indian Raj. Washington arms, trained, equips and financed all its native auxiliaries. 
The IS is caught in a dangerous dilemma. To be a political movement, it was delighted to control Iraq's second largest city. But as a guerilla force, it should not have holed up in an urban area where it was highly vulnerable to concentrated air attack and being surrounded. This is what's happening right now. 
In the mostly flat Fertile Crescent with too few trees, ground forces are totally vulnerable to air power, as the recent 1967, 1973 Israel-Arab wars and 2003 Iraq wars have shown. Dispersion and guerilla tactics are the only hope for those that lack air cover. 
IS forces would best advise to disperse across the region and continue their hit-and-run attacks. Otherwise, they risk being destroyed. But being mostly bloody-minded young fanatics, IS may not heed military logic and precedent in favor of making a last stand in the ruins of Mosul and Raqqa. 
When this happens, western leaders will compete to claim authorship of the faux crusade against the paper tiger of ISIS. The Best of Eric Margolis Tags:

ARTICLE

By Fred Reed October 28, 2016 
Oh good. The world reaches a crossroads, or probably a road off a cliff, just when I want to relax and watch gratuitous violence on the tube. To judge by the rapid drift of events aboard our planetary asylum, the talons of Washington and New York on the world's throat are fast being pried a-loose. The Global American Imperium is dying. Or so it sure looks anyway. 
I say talons of 'New York and Washington' because America's foreign policy, forged in those two cities, belongs entirely to them. Americans have no influence on it. Further, none of what the Empire does abroad is of any benefit to Americans. Do you care at all what happens in Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen, or the South China Sea? Do you want to pay for it? America has been hijacked. 
And the Empire prospereth not. It prospereth very not. Consider the recent record of the world's hyperpower: 
Washington does not have control of Afghanistan, and obviously is not going to. 
Washington does not have control of Iraq, and appears unlikely to. 
Washington did not back Iran down, and isn't going to. 
Washington did not back Russia down in Ukraine and Crimea, and isn't going to. 
Washington did not back China down in the South China Sea and, while this is perhaps not over, the Empire seems to be losing. 
Washington has not backed North Korea down and is not going to. 
In the Philippines, President Duterte has told Obama to 'go to hell' as being 'the son of a whore,' which may be taken to indicate latent hostility. He is vigorously seeking rapprochement with China. While Washington may have him murdered, it seems to be losing control of the Little Vassals of ASEAN. 
Turkey seems to be cuddling up to Russia–that is, looking East like Duterte. Maybe Washington can turn this around temporarily, but there-s a whole lot of wavering going on. 
Meanwhile Washington thrashes around impotently as per usual in Syria, and, though the jury remains out on this one, looks to have poor prospects. If Washington–AKA New York–loses here, after doing so in Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Afghanistan, the Empire will beyond redemption be on the downward slope. 
The United States is not in danger. The Empire is. This is not good. Empires, the Soviet Union notwithstanding, seldom go quietly. Either Washington gambles on war of some sort against Russia, or Russia and China, in the desperate hope of reversing things, or the Empire gets slowly eaten. Or not so slowly. Once one country pries itself loose, many may rush for the door. 
New York may go for calculated war against Russia–say, cyberwar expected not to turn into shooting war, shooting war in Syria not expected to turn into global shooting war, global shooting war not expected to turn into nuclear war. This will be a crapshoot. Note that America has badly misguessed the outcomes of every war since Korea. 
This is why the American election actually matters, unusual in Presidential contests. It is Blowhard against Corruption, a swell choice, but Trump is firmly against war with Russia, and Hillary for. Her military understanding is that of a fried egg. 
The woman is both a fool and a knave but, it seems, Trump has talked trash, and therefore she will likely be President. Weirdly, the future of the world depends on how an excited electorate of political middle-schoolers responds to one candidate's dirty talk. From a curmudgeon's point of view, it is pretty funny. It is funnier if one lives outside of the radiation footprint. 
But back to business. The seaboard Axis of Evil needs a war because almost every tide runs against it. Proximately, the Axis has pushed China, Russia, and Iran together against the Empire. (First rule of empire: Do not let the dissidents unite.) Many signs suggest that the world, or much of it, is beginning to see China as its future. The BRICS, the SCO, the NDB, the AAIB–all exclude the US. China becomes the major trading partner of country after country. The twilight deepens. 
Not all goes wrong for the Empire–not yet, but things are getting spooky. On the European Peninsula of Asia, countries remain docile, especially England and, much more importantly, Germany. Yet even among Washington's European harem, there seem to be faint stirrings of a forgotten independence. As I understand it, Germany's businessmen would very much like to end Washington's sanctions on Russia and improve trade with China, which would be greatly to the benefit of the Peninsula. Washington won't let them. It can't. If the Europeans did what would be good for themselves, and looked to Eurasia, then the fat lady, already warming up, would burst into full bellow. 
Which, methinks, raises the likelihood that Washington will in desperation do something phenomenally stupid. At this writing Hillary's camp seems to be prepping the public for war with Russia. The telescreen tells us day after day that Putin is Hitler, that Russia is expanding, that the Russkies are hacking the election, that they cause indigestion and falling hair. Is this just Hillary waggling her codpiece in the expectation that Moscow will demurely back down, as God intended? Or will she again send other people's children to fight for her in somebody else's country? 
The larger picture, assuredly obvious to New York, is truly grim–for New York, not for Americans. China has a huge population of a billion Han Chinese, versus two hundred million Caucasian Americans–these being the scientific, technological and entrepreneurial brains of the Empire. One must not notice this, but you can bet that New York and Beijing do. Economically China is growing hugely, advancing technologically at a high rate, building rail lines that now extend from the Chinese Pacific coast to Madrid. It will increasingly dwarf the Empire no matter what happens–short of a world war. 
The curtain falls in ways unnoticed. China recently launched a communications satellite, the world's first employing quantum cryptographic links, which cannot be intercepted. The intention of this, as well of the QC link from Beijing to Shanghai, is to keep the NSA off China's back. A small thing, perhaps. Yet if successful and adopted en masse by other countries weary of Washington's meddling, the result will be a loosening of the Empire's grip on everybody's communications. 
For the Empire it is, as Elvis sang, 'now or never.' Lenin spoke of 'useful idiots.' Ours aren't even useful, but they call the shots. The Best of Fred Reed Tags:

ARTICLE

By Rev. Peter M. J. Stravinskas, Ph.D., S.T.D. October 28, 2016 
Twice in six months I find myself reviewing works by my dear old friend Joe Sobran. This time around, the Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation has treated us to an anthology of Joe's essays on Bill Clinton during his two terms in the White House. What strikes the reader immediately is the incisive analysis: Joe cuts to the chase; while being spot-on, he never descends into boorishness or uncivilized prose, which he would have deemed unworthy of a Christian gentleman. Now, of course, in our present culture of hypersensitivity, some might feel 'threatened' by his honesty – but that just shows how far we have fallen in so short a time. The other point to keep in mind is that while many took exception to what Joe wrote about Bill (and Hillary) – or Billary since it was Bill himself who promised (or warned) us that we were getting two for the price of one – no one has ever been able to dispute the accuracy of the commentary. 
I am writing these reflections with a bit more than two weeks before what is arguably the most unpleasant presidential election in history. Sobran's insights into the character (or lack thereof) of both Bill and Hillary are helpful as one tries to look into his crystal ball to determine what eight years of the former First Lady-turned-President might look like. We also can surmise what Joe would have thought of Donald Trump. 
In that light, we can read Sobran's final paragraph introducing the first edition of this book in 2000: 'Clinton has finally defined himself. By surviving the attempt to remove him from the office he has so filthily disgraced, he also defines our age. It says more about us than about him that he stands condoned.' Sobran grimly concluded a 1997 lecture thus: 'I'm beginning to think democracy is the cruelest form of government, because it gives people exactly the kind of leaders they deserve. We finally have one who is so transparent that we can hardly complain we've been betrayed.' Or, as European friends of mine have been saying for months: 'With over three hundred million people, are Trump and Clinton the best you could do?' 
Who could disagree with the assessment that 'liberalism is at war with Christian culture'? Or what about 'Republican stupidity' causing our political meltdown for years? 
As a lifelong educator, I perked up upon reading: '[This] used to be a country where high-school students learned Latin and Greek; today college students take 'remedial English' and can listen to Cliffs Notes on audiotape. And we're told our best days lie ahead of us!' Indeed, having taught in a community college for the past couple of years and encountering for the first time the products of American 'public education,' I can only wince at the thought of the majority of these students voting in any election. Indeed, in a political philosophy class, no one had ever heard of either Winston Churchill or the Magna Carta. Of course, Plato asserted that a republic could not survive without an educated populace – and thus republics tend to devolve into dictatorships – another theme underscored by Sobran. 
This gem tends to encapsulate the socio-political landscape perfectly: 'It's all summed up in the word 'judgmental.' This idiotic word says it all: the final censure of a relativist age. It's wrong to say anything is wrong. You must be punished for advocating punishment.' Which reminded me of Pope Benedict XVI's talk of the 'dictatorship of relativism' and Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput's recent appeal for more 'judgmentalism'! 
Good Catholic that Joe was, his political positions don't fit neatly into American partisan camps. While 'conservative' on issues like abortion, traditional marriage and school choice, he recoiled from unrestrained American interventionism. Like St. John Paul II, he saw what U.S. involvement in the Middle East would bring and considered Bill Clinton's eagerness for such to be a smokescreen to divert attention from his personal scandals. 
On Hillary's 'enabling' behavior in regard to Bill's dalliances, Sobran is brutally frank: 'Mrs. Clinton is playing a curious role. She is the senior wife in what amounts to a walk-in harem. As long as she retains her primacy, she appears not to be jealous of the other women.' Further: 'Stalin, for some reason, reminds me of Hillary Clinton. The general view is that she is 'standing by her man.' My view is a little different. I think she supports her husband for the same unromantic reason Stalin made his alliance with Hitler.' 
Forgetfulness seems to be a Clinton family trait: 'Tragically, our nation has now, for the second time in a few years, seen a president afflicted with Alzheimer's. Bill Clinton's fabled memory has broken down. During his August 17, 1998 grand jury testimony, it failed him dozens of times. It's a shame, because he really needs his memory now. He's been the victim of so many lying and designing women: Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, Linda Tripp, and Monica Lewinsky. He has disputed their accounts of his behavior with as much vigor as a memory-impaired person can, but it's tough. On the other hand, one advantage of having Alzheimer's is that you keep meeting new women.' At last count, amnesia struck Hillary 39 times during her FBI encounter. 
Returning to the state of our national soul, Sobran hits the nail on the head: 'A lot of people support Clinton even though they don't doubt that he committed sexual offenses (not all of them 'consensual'), perjured himself, solicited perjury from others, lied to the public, and generally broke laws to cover up his offenses. Our traditional morality, public and private, has seriously eroded. The 'idealism' of the Sixties has rotted into the nihilism that was always latent in it.' As a priest, I was initially stunned by the willingness of people to overlook Clinton's immorality until I realized that behind it all was the notion that 'compared to him, I look pretty good.' 
And how can we neglect to mention abortion – the eighth sacrament for the Clintons (or perhaps their first and only sacrament)? Eighteen years ago and sounding eerily like Trump in Debate #3, Joe wrote: 'Clinton and his ilk are willing to kill children on the very verge of birth, and the phrase 'partial birth' abortion concedes too much: it isn't 'abortion' except in a 'legally accurate' sense. It's murder of an infant. The technique of extracting the brains and crushing the skull was developed precisely to stay within the law as the U.S. Supreme Court has warped it.' 
With all the Clinton banter about women's rights, Joe zeroes in on their ultimate inconsistency and hypocrisy when abortion and choice are linked to Communist China: 'If 'choice,' rather than abortion as such, is the point, you'd think the Clintons and the feminists would be outraged by the Chinese policy of forcing women to have abortions after the first (or in some cases, the second) child. It's hard to imagine a more barbarous tyranny. . . . In her syndicated column the week of the trip, Hillary ('It takes a village') Clinton wrote about the problems of Chinese women. She cited jobs, education, workplace discrimination – but not forced abortion. Apparently the government's power to control women's bodies with the most total and cruel rigor isn't an important concern among them. Neither did feminists at home make any noise about forced abortion.' 
Since sex comes up so often when Bill is on the horizon, Sobran's comments on that matter are worth pondering: '[Clinton] finds it easy to trash women when he is through with them because, to him, women are trash in the first place. His preference for oral sex, the leitmotiv of his scandals, says volumes about his regard for the opposite sex. So does his inability to remember Monica Lewinsky's name after several sessions.' Since Joe was always an equal-opportunity commentator, he might be just as put off by Trump's 'locker-room' talk, even if the alleged actions didn't follow on the words. Joe would probably also note that the entire Clinton legacy has promoted both dirty talk and immoral action. 
In a homily last Sunday, I shared with the congregation my personal voting record. To wit: I have always voted for the Republican candidate (because the alternatives were so morally bankrupt I could not countenance them); after Reagan II, I voted for the Republican 'with a clothespin on my nose' and will be doing the same this time around. I suspect that if Joe were still among us, he might be looking for a clothespin, too. Tags:

ARTICLE

Taki's Magazine October 28, 2016 
This election is going to have unprecedented political infidelity. A good 20 percent of husbands for Trump predict their wife won't vote with them. This is wrong for a number of reasons but the biggie is, a family is supposed to be a cohesive unit. He can't have his better half canceling out his vote. Even if a husband wants to vote badly—say, for Hillary—his wife should stand by her man and make the same mistake. Nobody's saying there can't be discussions and women shouldn't have their own political beliefs, but the final decision comes down to the guy paying the bills and she should abide by that. This is counterintuitive because we live in a feminist fantasyland, but it's really the same as deciding where your family is going to live. A married couple agree where they're going to go based on what's best for the kids. If he gets an amazing job offer in Cleveland but she's a city gal from Manhattan, she needs to accept that Ohio is best for the future of their family. Voting is the same. You're deciding where the country is going to go based on what's best for future generations. 
Unfortunately, this is not happening. A map of America 'if just men voted' is almost completely red, whereas a map of America 'if just women voted' is almost completely blue. The maps don't differentiate between married and single, but judging by this massive split in what gender likes what candidate, we can assume the married map would be similar. Single people are a lost cause anyway. The women vote almost exclusively out of spite. They are voting for Hillary because she has a pussy, they hate Trump because he grabbed one, and they elected Obama because he makes theirs wet (they elected Trudeau because he is one). As for single men, I'm not convinced they even vote . There are also stay-at-home dads and situations where the woman is the breadwinner. This is awkward, but if you've made her the patriarch then her husband (a.k.a. wife) needs to vote with her. For the most part, however, we're talking about a home where the father makes the lion's share of the money and the woman's contribution is using her magic powers to make babies. They have a symbiotic relationship where they're both utilizing their greatest strengths. Patriarchs are best at driving, so he's the helmsman. He doesn't want to fight about it because he doesn't want to rock the boat, but for her to turn starboard while he's going port is to split everything in half and now the whole family is drowning. Voting against your husband is a tiny divorce. The Best of Gavin McInnes Tags: Described as "The Godfather of Hipsterdom," Canadian expat Gavin McInnes is a writer who cofounded Vice Magazine in 1994. After selling his shares in early 2008, he cofounded the website Street Carnage as well as the advertising agency Rooster New York where he serves as creative director. He is a regular on the Fox News show Red Eye and recently published a book of memoirs with Simon & Schuster entitled How to Piss in Public. Follow @Gavin_McInnes on Twitter.

ARTICLE

Mises.org October 28, 2016 
A recent op-ed piece in The New York Times urged the Republican Party not to 'throw away free enterprise' and embrace populism. Arthur C. Brooks, the author of the article, makes two bold but erroneous claims. First, he asserts that populist moments throughout history — including the Trumpian moment in the US — are triggered by severe financial crises that result in protracted and uneven recoveries that exacerbate existing income and wealth disparities. 
In resorting to naïve economic determinism to explain populism, Brooks completely overlooks the awakening of the broad American middle class to political institutions and policies that have been designed by the entrenched elites of both parties to oppress and plunder them. The never-ending and immensely costly war against 'terror;' the Federal bailout of multi-billion dollar financial institutions both domestically and abroad; the ineffective and grossly expensive war on drugs; the pandemic of political correctness unleashed by Federal mandates and regulations that has infected American colleges and universities, and the egregious and unrestrained spying on American citizens by the bloated US security apparatus. All of these issues seem to count for nothing in Brooks's simplistic analysis. For Brooks, 'The real issue is weak, unevenly shared growth.' Brooks's attribution of the rise of populism in the US and elsewhere almost exclusively to increasing income and wealth inequality is not only peculiar but absurd on the face of it and I will refrain from further comment on it. 
The second claim that Brooks makes is more commonly accepted and is fervently promoted by the mainstream media, and academics and political analysts of the 'responsible' left and right. This claim is that populism comprises specific ideological positions and policies. Thus, Brooks refers to 'populist positions on issues such as trade and immigration' and to 'populists who specialize in identifying culprits: rich elites who are ripping you off; immigrants who want your job; a free trade that's killing our nation's competitiveness.' According to Brooks, populist policies thus 'involve some combination of increased redistribution, protectionism, and restrictionism.' In other words, on economic issues at least, populism is the polar opposite of classical liberalism and libertarianism. 
Left-wing and Right-wing Populists 
But nothing could be further from the truth. For populism is not a right-wing ideology but a strategy that may be used by any ideological group whose political agenda differs radically from that of the ruling class. Surely, Brooks has heard of left-wing populists such as Juan and Eva Perón, Huey Long, the 'Radio Priest' Father Charles Coughlin, Fidel Castro, and Hugo Chávez. And what about classical-liberal and libertarian populists such as Thomas Paine and Samuel Adams, Richard Cobden and John Bright, and more recently, Dr. Ron Paul? Lately, we have seen the dramatic rise in popularity of the populist Pirate Party in Iceland , which may win the next election and whose membership is ideologically diffuse and comprises libertarians, hackers, Web geeks, and anti-globalist anarchists. 
Although populism may be either ideologically left or right, libertarian or statist, it is always hated and feared by the political center. The reason is that the center is occupied by those individuals and groups comprising the 'moderate' left wing and right wing who are allies in defending the political status quo and take turns ruling and operating the levers of power to distribute privilege and wealth to themselves and their cronies. 
What Populists Stand For 
Regardless of ideological bent, populist thinkers and movement builders take to heart, at least implicitly, the profound insight of great political theorists from La Boétie and David Hume to Mises and Rothbard that there is no such thing as an unpopular government. They thus set about exposing the moderates who run the State apparatus as a powerful and wealthy elite whose interests are inherently opposed to those of the masses of productive workers and entrepreneurs. In order to grab the attention of people who are not yet fully conscious that they are being exploited — or in Marxian terms, to help them develop a class consciousness — it is only natural that populist leaders employ extreme, emotional, and embittered rhetoric. Such inflammatory rhetoric is especially necessary for the US today and most European countries where the mainstream media, while ostensibly free, operate as a privileged mouthpiece for government and spew non-stop propaganda designed to camouflage State exploitation of the productive class and to discredit dissenting political movements. 
Harsh and extreme populist rhetoric, such as that used by Donald Trump, strikes a responsive chord among the US electorate, but not because Americans are subject to irrational bouts of envy, xenophobia, and insecurity brought on by crises and recessions, as Brooks would have us believe. Rather, Americans are being awakened to the cold, hard fact that they have been plundered and oppressed by the 'moderate' American globalist political establishment since World War Two. What Rothbard said about the populist French Poujadist movement of the early 1950s applies to the US and other interventionist democratic states today: 
[T]here's a lot to be bitter about: crushingly high taxes on businesses and individuals, submergence of national sovereignty in international organizations and alliances, fumbling and incompetent government, endless fighting in colonial wars. Especially taxes. 
A final point: once it has penetrated into the public discourse, populism — precisely because it is the only effective political strategy for radical political change — will not wither away as a result of a few more percentage points of 'evenly distributed' economic growth. Trump's threat to contest the election, Brexit, the continuing growth of right-wing populist movements throughout Europe, all attest to the fact that populism is here to stay. This should be cause for celebration among the libertarians who for the first time since its inception in the mid-1960s have at their disposal an effective strategy for rolling back the US welfare-warfare State. 
Note: The views expressed on Mises.org are not necessarily those of the Mises Institute. The Best of Joseph T. Salerno Tags: Joseph Salerno [ ] is academic vice president of the Mises Institute , chairman of the graduate program in economics at Pace University, and editor of the Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics .

ARTICLE

Chronicles: A Magazine of American Culture October 28, 2016 
Perhaps one of the most used and abused political expressions in recent years has been that of 'American exceptionalism.' Politicians and commentators routinely invoke it as a high principle and accuse their opponents of insufficient devotion to it, or contrariwise blame it for all the ills of the world. 
For example, in 2013, Russian President Vladimir Putin ruffled many Americans' feathers: 
'It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. . . . We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.' 
Hillary Clinton weighed in on exceptionalism in an August speech before the American Legion, in which she also took a swipe at Donald Trump : 
The United States is an exceptional nation. . . . But, in fact, my opponent in this race has said very clearly that he thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world. In fact, when Vladimir Putin, of all people, criticized American exceptionalism, my opponent agreed with him, saying, and I quote, 'if you're in Russia, you don't want to hear that America is exceptional.' Well maybe you don't want to hear it, but that doesn't mean it's not true. 
It needs to be asked, though: when people praise or criticize 'American exceptionalism,' are they always talking about the same thing? 
America, like any country, has its own distinctive history, culture, and traditions. America's unique founding principles—consent of the governed, due process, a constitutionally limited division of powers, representative government—justly have been an inspiration to the world for over two centuries. Thomas Jefferson wrote of the 'palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately, by the grace of God.' 
This 'exceptional' idea was new in human history. Any American worthy of the name justly takes pride in it. This is the genuine American exceptionalism of Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, lately championed by Reagan. The fact that we have strayed so far from it, both domestically and internationally, is shameful. 
The unique moral revolution to which the Founding Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor has little connection to the bastard term (usually capitalized as 'American Exceptionalism') that describes post-Cold War U.S. global behavior, by which policymakers in Washington assert both an exclusive 'leadership' privilege and unsupportable obligation to undertake open-ended international missions in the name of the 'Free World' and the 'international community.' This is the counterfeit 'Exceptionalism' of a tiny clique of bipartisan apparatchiki —GOP 'neoconservatives' and Democrat 'liberal interventionists' and their mainstream media mouthpieces —who have little regard for our country's oldest traditions or the security and welfare of the American people. Tags: Edward Lozansky is president of the American University in Moscow.

ARTICLE

Marc Faber Blog October 28, 2016 
They could essentially monetize everything, and then you have state ownership. And through the central banking system, you introduce socialism and communism, which is state ownership of production and consumption. You would have that, yes, that they can do. 
The BoJ owns more than 50 percent of Japanese ETFs (exchange traded funds), which own large parts of the underlying companies. So indirectly they may own 20 percent of the Japanese companies, and they can go up to a higher level. 
I don't think the central bankers are intelligent and smart enough to understand the consequences of their monetary policies at present. They focus on inflation but in my view they shouldn't do anything. They don't focus enough on what it does to the average standard of living of the people, to the average household income. 
The developed market central banks can go on for quite some time.If Zimbabwe prints money, the pain is more obvious right away because if you are Zimbabwe, and you print money and the others don't, and the currency collapses, and you feel the pain much sooner. 
If the major central banks, the Fed, the European Central Bank (ECB), the BoJ, the Bank of England, and the Chinese monetize and print money in concert and agreement with each other, they all talk to each other; then the currencies don't collapse against each other. There may be fluctuations, but we don't have a general collapse of a currency. 
Paper money, in general, can then collapse, and it has to a large extent against asset prices like real estate around the world over the last 30 years, against equity prices, against bond prices—which have been rallying since 1981—and against precious metals since 1999. 
Asset price inflation is less obvious to the average person in the street. The average American has no money, so he doesn't care if prices for paintings and real estate go up—until it touches him.

ARTICLE

Aide lays out how the former president raked in tens of millions of dollars through a series of deals while Hillary was Secretary of State in a memo unearthed by Wikileaks By Khaleda Rahman Daily Mail October 28, 2016 The latest hacked email released by WikiLeaks details how one of Bill Clinton's closest aides helped rake in tens of millions for the former president while his wife was serving as Secretary of State. The 12-page memo was sent by Clinton's former aide Doug Band in 2011 to him, his daughter Chelsea, several board members of the Clinton Foundation and its lawyers as well as it's then special advisor John Podesta. Published on Wednesday by Wikileaks, after a hack of thousands of emails from Podesta's account, it details how Band helped run what he called 'Bill Clinton Inc.' Band and another aide helped secure $66million from ventures, including speaking fees, according to the memo. 
He wrote that using his role as the president of his own consulting firm Teneo, Band worked to raise funds for the Foundation and Clinton personally. Band also wrote that he helped obtain 'in-kind services for the President and his family – for personal, travel, hospital, vacation and the like.' 'Throughout the past almost 11 years since President Clinton left office, I have sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo to support and raise funds for the Foundation,' Band wrote. 'This memorandum strives to set forth how I have endeavored to support the Clinton Foundation and President Clinton personally.' Under a section called 'For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e. Bill Clinton, Inc)' Brand said he and another aide, Justin Cooper brought Clinton all four of his advisory arrangements at the time. These yielded more than $30million in personal income – with a further $66million to be paid out over the next nine years should he continue with them. One of these roles was serving as honorary Chairman of Laureate International Universities, a chain of for-profit colleges, which paid Clinton $3.5million a year from 2010 until 2015 when the contract ended and his wife started her run for president. Band also mentioned that neither he nor Cooper was compensated for the work. They were not paid a fee or percentage of the income, but only received their Foundation salaries. Band also said that Teneo was responsible for negotiating a number of speaking fees for Clinton, including $1.15million from Ericson and $900,000 from UBS.

ARTICLE

Zero Hedge October 28, 2016 
Moments ago, Russian president started speaking at the final session of the Valdai International Discussion Club's 13th annual meeting in Sochi. More than 130 experts and political analysts from Russia and other countries are taking part in this year's three-day meeting, titled 'The Future in Progress: Shaping the World of Tomorrow'. 
While Putin's speech can be seen below, he has already had a handful of soundbites, most notably the following he just said in response to accusations that Russia could influence the US election: 
'Hysteria has been whipped up in the United States about the influence of Russia over the U.S. presidential election,' said Putin, calling it a ruse to cover up for the fact that the U.S. political elite had nothing to say about serious issues such as the country's national debt or gun control. 
'It's much simpler to distract people with so-called Russian hackers, spies, and agents of influence. Does anyone really think that Russia could influence the American people's choice in any way? The number of mythical, dreamt-up problems include the hysteria – I can't think of another word – that has broken out in the United States about the influence of Russia on the current elections for the US president.' 
He ended that phrase as follows: 'What, is America a banana republic?!' Putin mocks claim that Russia is trying to influence the US elections: 'What, is America a banana republic? America is a great power' 
— Steve Rosenberg (@BBCSteveR) October 27, 2016 
And then, to emphasize his trolling, added the following: 'correct me if I am wrong.' 
He also said that 'Russia has no intention of attacking anyone, it is ridiculous, foolish and unthinkable. I read your analytical materials prepared not only by those present but also by analysts in the US and Europe. However, it is just unthinkable, silly and unrealistic. In Europe alone, the combined population of NATO countries stands at 300 million, in the US the total population is, probably, 600 million, while in Russia – 146 million. It is just funny to talk about this.' 
According to the Russian president, contradictions stemming from redistribution of political power are growing. 
'Regrettably, next to nothing has changed for the better in the past months. To be frank, nothing has changed. Contradictions stemming from redistribution of economic power and political influence are only growing,' Putin said. 
Hence, according to the Russian leader, the burden of mutual mistrust is limiting possibilities to stand to real challenges and real threats facing the world community. 'As a matter of fact, the entire globalization project has turned to be a crisis and voices in Europe are speaking (and we know and hear it well) about the failure of the policy of multiculturalism,' Putin said, adding that this situation is a consequence of a wrong, hasty and somewhat arrogant choice made by Europe's political elites some twenty-five years ago. 
'Back then, at the turn of the 1980s and 1990s, there was a chance not only to spur globalization processes but to give them a qualitatively new, harmonious and sustainable character,' the Russian leader said. 
He drew attention to the fact that the countries that claimed to be the winners in the Cold War began to reshape the global political and economic order in their own interests. 
These states, in his words, embarked on a path of 'globalization and security for themselves only, but not for all.' But not all agreed on that.Some could not resist that any longer whereas others were not yet ready, so, no wonder the system of international relations has been feverish and the global economy is failing to recover from the crisis, Putin added. 
On globalization 
The Russian president stressed globalization should be for all but not only for the select few. 
'Obviously, the global community must focus on really topical problems facing the entire humankind, the solution of which will make the world a safer and more stable place and the system of international relations equal and fair,' Putin said. 
He said such an approach will make it possible to 'make the globalization for the select few turn into globalization for all.' 
'I am confident that it is possible to overcome any challenges and threats only together,' Putin stressed. 
On Global Propaganda 
The president said he regrets that Moscow does not possess such global propaganda techniques as Washington does. 
'I would like to have such a propaganda machine in Russia. But, unfortunately, I don't. We have no such global media as CNN, BBC and some others. We have no such opportunities so far,' Putin said at a session of the Valdai Discussion Club. 
On the world economy 
The president expects the trend towards regionalization of the world economy will continue. It is absolutely evident that economic cooperation must be mutually advantageous and be based on general universal principles so that each state could become a full-fledged participant in the global economic life,' Putin said. 
'In the mid-term prospect, the tendency towards regionalization of the global economy will apparently continue, but regional trade agreements should complement, develop, and not substitute universal norms and rules,' the president said. 
The global economy is unable to get out of the current systemic crisis and the political and economic principles continue to be reshuffled, Putin stressed. 
'The system of international relations remains feverish. The global economy is unable to get out of the systemic crisis. The principles and rules in politics and the economy continue to be reshuffled. Quite often dogmas that until recently had been regarded as fundamentally true are turned inside out,' Putin said. 
These days, he said, whenever the powers that be find some standards or rules beneficial, they force everybody else to obey them. However, if at a certain point the very same standards begin to pose obstructions, they are at once sent into the dustbin as outdated and new rules are established. 
As an example of that strategy Putin mentioned the missile and bombing strikes against Belgrade and Iraq, then against Libya and Afghanistan. The operation began without a corresponding resolution by the UN Security Council. Some superpowers, the Russian leader said, in their attempts to change the strategic balance of force in their favor have torn down the international legal regime that prohibited the deployment of new missile defense systems. They have created and armed international terrorist groups, whose cruelty is now pushing millions of migrants out of the unsafe areas. 
Whole countries are being plunged into chaos. The principles of free trade are trampled on and sanctions are used to exert political pressures. 
'We can see the freedom of trade being sacrificed and so-called sanctions being used for exerting political pressures. In bypass of the World Trade Organizations attempts are being made to form closed economic alliances living by harsh rules and putting up firm barriers alliances where dome 
On NATO 
He said that NATO has outlived its usefulness as a structure and on the topic of the escalating proxy war in Syria, Putin had a simple comment: 'Our agreements with the US on Syria did not work out.' 
And some more headlines from his pragmatic remarks: RUSSIA'S PUTIN SAYS RUSSIAN MILITARY THREAT BEING EXAGGERATED TO JUSTIFY MILITARY SPENDING RUSSIA'S PUTIN SAYS CYBER ATTACKS OR OTHER TYPES OF INTERFERENCE INTO OTHER COUNTRIES' AFFAIRS UNACCEPTABLE RUSSIA'S PUTIN SAYS DONALD TRUMP BEHAVES EXTRAVAGANTLY , BUT IT IS FOR A REASON 
Follow Putin's speech live below.

ARTICLE

The arrival of new media, like The Duran and so many others, are helping to educate a public increasingly sick and tired of illegal war. By Adam Garrie The Duran October 28, 2016 
In many ways, George Bush and Tony Blair's war on Iraq feels like yesterday. Colin Powell's jewel case of lies before the UN, Tony Blair's Parliamentary debate during which he listened neither to reason nor to warnings, the 'shock, and awe' of bombs being dropped on Iraq's great cities, Bush's 'mission accomplished' farce and the war which continued for years after, one which still is ongoing; all of it feels surreally fresh. 
Almost 14 years later, the lessons of Iraq are well known: illegally invade a sovereign country which threatens no one and expect hell, instability, blood, torture and terror as a consequence. The lessons were not remembered by Hillary Clinton who along with David Cameron and Nicholas Sarkozy dragged a hesitant Barack Obama into a war in Libya, a war whose outcome is even more disastrous than the war in Iraq. 
The wider public, however, have learned the lessons. Both in Europe and in America, the general public are fed up of war. Some are too naïve or too arrogant to openly associate themselves with those of us who warned of the dangers a war on Iraq would unleash. But they too have learned the lessons. It is one of the reasons Donald Trump continually states his opposition to the war in Iraq which then Senator Hillary Clinton voted for. 
This is why the mainstream media are in fits of hysterics trying to do the bidding of their war monger masters in attempting to convince the public to support doing to Assad what was illegally done to Saddam and Gaddafi.Since 2003 not only have the lessons of Iraq been instructive to erstwhile war supporters in the west, the media landscape has also changed significantly. Television channels like RT did not exist in 2003 but now they present rational claims from not just the west but around the world, against the calls for war. 
In hindsight, the internet had not fully blossomed by 2003, much though it felt that it had done at the time. Today many news and analysis websites put the failing newspapers to shame. They are an instantaneous source of valuable information. 
Wikileaks did not exist in 2003, but since its inception in 2006, it has blown the lid on the sadistic things governments do, how they do them and the sinister motives behind them. One cannot dismiss oppositional viewpoints as conspiratorial when one reads the documents which speak the truth in black and white. 
But most importantly yet surprisingly least talked about, is the fact that Syrians have the internet, they have cameras, they have websites and they are using them. In 2003, the western media attempted to demonize the proud and highly educated Iraqi people either as gangs of Saddamite stooges or as opposed unpatriotic invalids without minds. Because of the poor education system in countries like America, many believed this without 'questioning more'. 
Today, though, no matter what the mainstream media say, the voices of the Syrian people cannot be drowned out. 
Indeed, The Duran frequently publishes pieces by Afra'a Dagher , an actual Syrian as opposed to Samantha Power who pretends to speak for Syrians against their wishes. There are videos on youtube, statements in English from Syrian journalists, experts, and the legitimate government. This are being read and circulated on social media. The mainstream media monopoly is over. 
It is often viewed as a platitude to say that ideas and the dissemination of ideas can change the world. But the aggregate effect of opposition media like RT, Wikileaks, online expert opinion and analysis and the power of social media may well have saved Syria from the fate of Yugoslavia, Iraq, and Libya. Tags:

ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 
Let's talk about Wikileaks. 
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about: 
'WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.' 
In the 11 years that they've been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .) 
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame. 
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.) John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice…the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik's son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary's interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there's proof. Zero Hedge writes, '…today's Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band's firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family's private business endeavors.' A pundit called this leak 'The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,' meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she'd be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case – surprisingly it isn't related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, ' Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President – universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .' According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, 'Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.' ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ' How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' ( source ) Clinton's campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, ' Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha's Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .' ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. 'And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn't believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I'm kind of far removed because the life I've lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven't forgotten it.' ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: ' My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey ' can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.' Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama's 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn't exert some control over North Korean aggression. ' So China, come on. You either control them or we're going to have to defend against them ,' she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million 'donation' from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . ' If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,' Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn't attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton's primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. ' Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ' said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . ' My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,' she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. 'We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can't help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we're doing and I want credit for it. ' (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who's Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC's voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC's puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory – it really exists and Hillary's job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you 'need' to lie. 'If everybody's watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.' ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her 'impromptu' CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to 'approve' articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC's abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, 'W e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov .' You see, Obama's emails all have to be from'whitelisted'addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here's the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn't because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you 'go to Washington' to 'make a small fortune.' Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. ' There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ' Clinton said. ( source ) Together, we cannot be ignored. 
I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. 
I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn't until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. 
Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. The Best of Daisy Luther Tags: Daisy Luther [ ] is a freelance writer and editor. Her website, The Organic Prepper , offers information on healthy prepping, including premium nutritional choices, general wellness and non-tech solutions. You can follow Daisy on Facebook and Twitter .

ARTICLE

Bel Marra Health October 28, 2016 
There are many reasons for fluctuating blood pressure, from the foods we eat to serious health conditions. Understanding your fluctuating blood pressure can help you protect your heart and lower your risk of any cardiovascular events. 
There is an ongoing debate on what is considered healthy or normal blood pressure , but the general consensus is a reading of less than 120/80 mmHg. Blood pressure can fluctuate in a second, so if you're concerned about yours, you should check it frequently and chart the results for your doctor to review. 
Below we will outline the many different causes of fluctuating blood pressure along with tips to help manage your blood pressure. 
Common causes for fluctuating blood pressure 
Food sensitivities: Consuming foods that don't agree with us can cause a spike in blood pressure. This is commonly seen in salt sensitivities or after consuming high amounts of salt. Although this issue will resolve on its own a few hours after consuming the trigger food, you may want to make diet changes in order to prevent future fluctuations. 
Stress: During times of stress, our arteries constrict, causing the heart to work harder. This, in turn, raises blood pressure along with blood sugar and heart rate. If you live with chronic stress, this constant strain on the heart can lead to artery and heart damage, increasing your risk of a cardiovascular event. 
Caffeine consumption: Caffeine is a stimulant, so our hearts tend to race when we consume something containing caffeine. As a result, a faster-pumping heart causes blood pressure to rise. This usually resolves within a few hours. Regular caffeine consumers may not notice the changes, but those who consume caffeine infrequently will. 
Medications: Certain medications, such as decongestants and anti-inflammatories, may result in a temporary elevation of blood pressure. Illegal drugs tend to have the highest impact on blood pressure, which is what in part makes them life threatening. 
Adrenal fatigue: The adrenals regulate different hormones and can take a toll on your cardiovascular health. When the adrenals become fatigued – for example, as a result of chronic stress or illness – they cannot regulate blood pressure properly, so it rises and falls. 
Fever: Often a result of fighting infection, a fever can speed up heart rate, leading to a rise in blood pressure. 
Calcium or cholesterol deposits in the arteries: The arteries become narrower when lined with calcium or cholesterol deposits, so the heart must work harder in order to push the blood through. 
Dehydration: Insufficient hydration can result in blood pressure fluctuations with a large decrease. 
Increased blood pressure fluctuations linked to impaired cognitive function in older adults 
A study found that increased blood pressure fluctuations are linked to impaired cognitive function in older adults. Researchers investigated visit-to-visit blood pressure variability with cognitive function among seniors who were at a high risk for cardiovascular disease. 
The study looked at 5,461 seniors over the age of 70 with an average follow-up time of three years. 
Blood pressure was measured every three months in the same clinical setting, and the variability between the measurements was analyzed. 
Selective attention and reaction time, general cognitive speed, immediate and delayed memory performance were also assessed. 
The researchers found that blood pressure variability was associated with worse performance on all cognitive tests, and the results remained the same even after taking into consideration cardiovascular disease risk factors. 
Higher visit-to-visit blood pressure variability was associated with the lower cognitive function, as well as higher stroke risk. 
Researcher Simon Mooijaart explained , 'We showed that high visit-to-visit systolic and diastolic blood pressure variability associated with worse performance in different domains of cognitive function, including selection attention, processing speed, immediate verbal memory, and delayed verbal memory.' 
Whether higher blood pressure variability is a cause or a result of cognitive impairment is still unclear. 
The researchers concluded , 'Higher visit-to-visit blood pressure variability independent of average blood pressure might be a potential risk factor with worse cognitive performance in older subjects at high risk of cardiovascular disease.' 
Tips to manage blood pressure fluctuations naturally 
In order to manage your blood pressure fluctuations, it's important to understand their cause. For example, avoiding trigger foods, staying well hydrated, reducing your LDL cholesterol , preventing illness and fever, watching your caffeine intake, and reducing stress naturally can all help better manage your blood pressure fluctuations. 
Generally, to maintain healthy blood pressure, it's important to quit smoking, reduce alcohol intake, eat healthy meals, exercise regularly, reduce stress, sleep well, and maintain a healthy weight. By making these healthy lifestyle adjustments you can achieve healthier blood pressure readings. The Best of Dr. Victor Marchione Tags: Dr. Victor Marchione [ ] is a respected leader in the field of smoking cessation and pulmonary medicine. He has been featured on ABC News and World Report, CBS Evening News with Dan Rather and the NBC Today Show. He is also the Editor of The Health eTalk Newsletter.

ARTICLE

Better than Bob Dylan, says Gary North . 12:52 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

By Roger I. Roots, J.D., Ph.D. October 28, 2016 
Just days ago , I reported on the federal trial of the 'Malheur 7' (Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy, Shawna Cox, Jeff Banta, David Fry, Neil Wampler and Ken Medenbach,) in Portland, Oregon. I was privileged to have a front-row seat at the trial as a volunteer paralegal and legal researcher for Ryan Bundy, who represented himself throughout the proceedings. 
Almost everyone who followed the 'Oregon Bundy case' predicted convictions all around. A dozen co-defendants pled guilty before the trial began. Virtually every attorney I spoke with expressed the sentiment that defending the accused was a lost cause. Coverage of the case in Oregon's largest circulating newspapers presented the case wholly from a prosecution perspective. My inbox contains more than one email urging me to abandon my efforts to help the defense. 
As I sat at the table between Ryan and the Ammon Bundy team throughout the six-week trial I was able to discern that evidence at the trial was diverging sharply from the prevailing narrative outside the courthouse. The defendants were accused of conspiring to prevent employees of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and Bureau of Land Management from performing their duties at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in rural eastern Oregon. Yet federal prosecutors failed to produce a single piece of evidence of any specific threat aimed at a USFWS or BLM employee. 
The U.S. Justice Department alleged in Count 1 that the seven defendants (and many others) had engaged in an 'armed standoff' at the federal wildlife refuge with the intent of scaring away the various government employees who normally work there. Every defendant was utterly innocent of the allegation. Some were not even aware that federal employees normally worked there). Several defendants were also charged with firearm possession in federal facilities with the intent to commit a federal felony (the conspiracy alleged in Count 1). And two defendants, Ryan Bundy and Ken Medenbach, were accused of stealing federal property valued over a thousand dollars. 
In fact, Ammon Bundy and the other defendants took a monumental (and quite daring) stand for the plain text of the Constitution when they occupied the Malheur Refuge in January of this year. They pointed to Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the U.S. Constitution which seems to plainly forbid the federal government from owning land inside the states unless the states agree to sell such real estate to the federal government. 
Needless to say, the present reality in the American west is in sharp contrast to this piece of constitutional text. The feds claim to own and control millions of acres of land in western states—most of which (such as the Malheur Refuge area) was never purchased from state legislatures or anyone else. 
The most frightening revelations from the Malheur 7 trial involved the lengths which the U.S. government went to in its prosecution. During the Bundy occupation, the FBI literally took over the tiny nearby town of Burns, Oregon and transformed it into an Orwellian dystopia. There were license plate scanners mounted on utility poles, drones throughout the skies, and military transport vehicles speeding across the countryside. FBI agents captured and monitored every phone number connected between every accused occupier. Federal and state police appeared in such numbers that their total numbers will probably never be fully tallied. 
The occupation was met with a bonanza of government spending by agencies at every level. The U.S. Fish & Wildlife and BLM employees who were supposedly too frightened to go to work were put up in luxury hotels, along with their families. (In the aftermath of the occupation, the feds have spent further millions to 'rebuild' the Refuge, supposedly because the occupiers tainted it; prosecutors were openly planning on asserting the inflated 'bill for damages' at sentencing in the event the defendants were convicted.) 
Most startling of all were the undercover government informants that were revealed in the trial. After weeks of wrangling and arguing with defense lawyers, the Justice Department finally stipulated that at least nine undercover informants were planted among the Refuge occupiers. Thus, informants outnumbered the defendants on trial. One informant was even a 'bodyguard' for Ammon Bundy and drove him to his arrest. Another informant admitted he trained occupiers in shooting and combat skills. 
After a week of deliberating over the evidence, the jury came back with its verdict yesterday afternoon, acquitting every defendant. (Jurors said they were divided regarding an accusation that Ryan Bundy aided and abetted the theft of government property when he and others climbed utility poles and took down two of the government's surveillance cameras.) 
There are reports that the U.S. Justice Department spent $100 million on the case. But twelve Americans saw through the government's cloud of disinformation and dealt a mighty blow for liberty. The Best of Roger I. Roots, J.D., Ph.D. Tags: Roger Roots, J.D., Ph.D. [ ] is attorney, sociologist, and a member of the advisory board of the Fully Informed Jury Association. He is author of The Conviction Factory: The Collapse of America's Criminal Courts .

ARTICLE

About the EU and NATO . (Thanks to Daniel McAdams) 12:29 pm on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Thomas DiLorenzo https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/isnt-strange/ 
There have been many reports in Maryland and Texas, among other places, of people going in to vote ('early voting') and voting for Trump to learn that their vote was flipped to Clinton. Quite a few Trump voters in Maryland have checked their votes and discovered this, with the election officials explaining that it was an electronic/mechanical error. 
Isn't it strange that 100% of the 'mechanical errors' switch votes from Trump to Clinton and never the other way around? 11:53 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Michael S. Rozeff https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/trumps-prospects-improve/ 
Trump shares have gained sharply in the IEM prediction market, rising from under 10 cents to about 29 cents. Ordinary polls also are showing the race tightening. Clinton leads, but the suddenly much higher volatility of prices means that Trump's prospects have improved. 
Trump released his contract with America 6 days ago. The biased media ignored it. 
The failures of Obamacare made headlines coincident with Trump's shares rising. 
Donna Brazile's passing debate questions to Clinton is also coincident with Clinton falling and Trump rising. 
The continuous Wikileaks revelations about Clinton are also coincident with the Trump comeback. My guess is that a good many voters who (naively) respect the integrity of the FBI are dismayed as they learn how Clinton interfered with the investigation and how the FBI was corrupted. (These are voters, and there are many, who think J. Edgar Hoover is a hero and who have never heard of entrapment.) Others are bound to be affected by the huge sums of money handed over to the Clintons where quid pro quos are evident. Charitable giving cannot explain these transfers. Yet others who support the Second Amendment are being solidified against Clinton by revelations that she intends to use executive orders to get her way. 
Clinton and Trump have taken opposite positions on the integrity of America's voting methods. Trump's position has been helped by recent complaints of machines that switched votes from one candidate to the opposition. Clinton's position has been hurt by (a) her own manipulations during the Democratic primaries, and (b) her attempts to link Trump's position with the bogeyman Russians. 
Furthermore, Clinton accused him of treason when she said 'We also know from the former head of our Counterterrorism Center, Matt Olsen, that the kinds of rhetoric and language that Mr. Trump has used is giving aid and comfort to our adversaries.' Her extremism in this charge signals her fear of Trump's challenge. It could only cause Trump supporters to close ranks behind him and assure greater voter turnout for him. 
Clinton's many baseless charges and wild exaggerations show yet again her fondness for character assassination and attacks on anyone she perceives as an obstacle to her ambitions. 11:52 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Christopher Manion https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/typical-fbi-swaggering-far-away-resonates-lies-lies-lies-dc/ 
The good news from the Bundy trial includes a mention of the Orwellian tactics they use on law-abiding Americans – but won't use on Hillary. 
Almost 25 years ago I was at my cabin in northern Idaho on Gold Ridge, one ridge south of Ruby Ridge. 
When I arrived a neighbor told me that the FBI was 'looking for a right-winger hiding out on a ridge north of town.' 
Uh-oh. Should I turn myself in? 
Well, Ruby Ridge: that's where FBI's infamous legal murderer Lon Horiuchi shot and killed Vicki Weaver while she was holding her infant daughter Elisheba – and I got there during the FBI 'operation.' 
We all know how that intentional killing went down (Horiuchi shot her at a range of some 200 yards; a trained sniper, he could have hit her at 1000). 
My neighbors in Idaho demanded Horiuchi be prosecuted. Idaho tried but the feds pulled the case into their compliant courts and decided that Horiuchi was 'just following orders.' (He's from around here and I've had to be near him in church – yes, he goes to church – a couple of times. Had he been a Nazi prison guard, just following orders, he'd have hanged long ago…. I was tempted to ask him if that kill shot was really unintentional …. but I digress). 
What really bugged me was the FBI army that invaded nearby Sandpoint. They were everywhere – boozing, swaggering, and bragging: 'We're gonna get him on my shift!' one lout shouted in a restaurant, to the horror of the locals who worked there (Sandpoint residents stayed home during those dismal days, hoping to avoid the determined killers…. a harbinger of dark days and occupations to come). The waitresses had to walk on eggshells (Idahoans love their guns and are pretty good at using them – something a gal doesn't want to mention to a heavily-armed drunken boor far from home.) 
Idaho's senior senator at the time, Steve Symms, had it right. 'We have the election box and the jury box. If they don't work, we have the cartridge box.' 
This time the jury box worked. 11:36 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/homo-economicus-straw-man/ 
To understand the marketplace, it is not necessary to believe in the existence of a selfish, profit-maximizing human. 10:24 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/trade-agreements-political-independence-false-choice/ 
The rejection of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) by Beligium is a bittersweet affair. But, it's always worth remembering that intergovernmental trade agreements are not equivalent to free trade, and in fact are purported to bring about a reduction in the ease of trade and an increase in costs favorable to some particularly well-connected interest groups to the detriment of consumers. Carmen Elena Dorobăț explains . 10:23 am on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Charles Goyette https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/running-hillary-ticket-let-ask/ 
Unless you think 'What's your favorite color?' is a hard question, you shouldn't expect much from lapdog press interviews of Statist candidates. 
In a Wall Street Journal column this morning, James Freeman, an editorial page editor, notes that getting candidates in races below Donald Trump on the Republican ticket to denounce him has become a regular sport in the media. But he wonders why reporters 'don't force down-ballot Democrats to take a position on each new Clinton email revelation.' 
That would be fine. Although there is nothing we didn't suspect, thanks to WikiLeaks, we have more details than ever about Clinton venality and political corruption. 
But there is a line of questioning that is even more important. 
Why shouldn't other candidates on the Democrat ticket be asked to endorse or disavow Hillary's regime change wars in Libya and Syria? 
Shouldn't they be made to own the jihadist-generating carnage she champions? Wouldn't it be wise to tie political supporters to her war trajectory with Russia as well, so that if she has her way the survivors will know who was to blame? 1:20 pm on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Walter E. Block https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/doesnt-snl-ridicule-barack-obama/ 
I was listening the NPR (National Pinko Radio – I'm a masochist; I just want to be acquainted with the 'thinking' of our friends on the left) this morning, and they were discussion the SNL (Saturday Night Liberal) television show. It turns out that this broadcast reaches a pinnacle of listeners every four years, during the political campaigns. Recently, I learned, they have been bashing Donald Trump very heavily, and Hilary Clinton very lightly, if at all. Chevy Chase did a series of numbers on Gerald Ford in similar manner. Ronald Reagan was also nastily targeted. The issue came up, why didn't SNL also use Barack Obama as the butt of their jokes? The explanation from the 'experts' brought in to this NPR show was that he was too 'cool' to spoof, he had no characteristics that humorists could poke fun at, he was too wonderful to parody, etc. I wonder, can anyone think of any other reasons Obama was never dragged through the mud like other politicians? I can't think of any. This sounds like God's truth to me. But, enquiring minds want to know. 2:12 pm on October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Thank you for supporting LRC with your Amazon purchases. Tags:

ARTICLE

By Bill Sardi October 29, 2016 The movement toward recreational and not just medical marijuana use at the State level is inevitably going to change the fabric of America. There were lines of hundreds of people outside pot shops in Colorado when just one herbal product was legalized there in 2012. In my years in the natural health industry, there have been swells of public interest over DMSO, coral calcium, Echinacea, resveratrol, even vitamin C with the publication of Linus Pauling's book VITAMIN C AND THE COMMON COLD (which by the way resulted in a 300% in mortality from coronary heart disease). But there have never been lines of customers waiting to buy any dietary supplement as there has been for a single herb — recreational marijuana. There are less than 100 health food stores in the State of Colorado There are reportedly over 800 marijuana shops. [ Pot Guide Aug 14, 2015] Just a single herb is going to be a major focus of the economy of some small States as taxes raised from the sale of marijuana will be considerable. Nine States will put legalization of marijuana up for a vote in November 2016. In these States, marijuana would be locally legal but federally illegal. [ Fortune June 29, 2016] About 57% of Americans believe marijuana should be legalized. [ Pew Research Oct 12, 2016] No one can say Americans aren't entrepreneurial. Over 2000 medical marijuana shops initially opened in Washington State before they were shut down and forced to enter a lottery for new business licenses. Then the State issued 222 new licenses. [ Quartz.com Oct 25, 2016] Passage of Proposition 64 in California to legalize marijuana is expected to generate $1 billion in State revenue. [ San Diego Tribune Oct 27, 2016] In the State of Colorado, marijuana sales in the first year of legal adult-use in 2014 totaled $699.2 million and generated $76.2 million in taxes. In the first 8 months of 2016 sales in Colorado totaled $846.5 million and generated $124.9 million in taxes. [ The Cannabist ] Passage of Prop. 64 in California is projected to grow a $22 billion marijuana business. [ New York Times Oct 24, 2016] Legalization of marijuana is expected to be larger than the wine industry if legalization is nationwide. In fact, marijuana-infused wine is now available. [ AOL.com Oct 14, 2016] There were more arrests for possession of marijuana than for all violent crimes combined last year (2015). [ New York Times Oct 12, 2016] Passage of Proposition 64 in California would reduce the number of arrests for misdemeanor and felony marijuana crimes. About 15,000 to 20,000 people have arrested in California annually for such crimes. Nationwide, FBI numbers indicate arrests for marijuana use in 2015 totaled 643,121, down from 82,720 in 2007. [ Forbes.com Sept 29. 2016] The incarceration of so many young black Americans for use of marijuana (3.7 times greater chance of being imprisoned despite equal usage) has become unconscionable. [ NY Times June 3, 2013] At one point there were 75 individuals serving life sentences (or de facto life) for peddling marijuana. [ The Daily Beast Sept 3, 2015] Infuriatingly, private prisons, police unions, pharmaceutical companies and alcohol brands have been among the top industries lobbying against legalization of marijuana. [ Leafly.com ] It is no wonder the pharmaceutical industry opposes marijuana legalization. One recent study revealed over 80% of marijuana users reported replacement of prescription drugs such as painkillers, anti-anxiety medications, stimulants, sleep aids and antidepressants) with cannabis. [ Drug & Alcohol Review May 2016] What kind of country will we have after the complete penetration of pot shops throughout America? Here is how one source explains the marijuana experience: ' The 'high' produced by marijuana causes physical changes such as reddening of the eyes, fast heartbeat, increased blood pressure, dry mouth, dizziness, and increased appetite. Despite its high intoxication potential, it has a low dependency (or addictive) potential and low risk of organ damage or death. Cannabis use causes the release of the brain chemical dopamine, which induces a feeling of euphoria on the user. Marijuana users report elevated feelings of happiness, relaxation, relief from pain and anxiety, as well as other potential remedies to physical ailments. However, there are also a number of adverse effects as well. It may disrupt the storage of short-term memories and it may have negative effects on long-term memory for heavy users.' [ Sex Info UC Santa Barbara] Will America be any healthier with the availability of recreational marijuana? Medical marijuana has been prescribed for chronic unremitting migraine headaches, joint pain, glaucoma, nausea during pregnancy, after chemotherapy; for seizure disorders; for nerve pain; for weight loss caused by chronic illness; post-traumatic stress disorder; Alzheimer's disease. Except for seizure disorders and nausea during pregnancy, it doesn't get very high grades. [ Prevention ] Marijuana is less addictive than tobacco but more than alcohol. [ Journal Clinical Psychiatry April 2016] Stanton Glantz, a professor at the School of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, says legalization of marijuana 'is exchanging a criminal justice crisis for a public health crisis.' [ New York Times Oct 24, 2016] I have maintained that marijuana was ushered into use by young adults in America in the 1960s in order to market birth control pills. Marijuana is known to have aphrodisiac properties and increases arousal and sexual activity. It reduces sexual inhibitions. [ Journal Sex Research Aug 1974] Generally, young females are modest and birth control pills were confined to use by women who already had 2 or 3 children and didn't want more. The proliferation of marijuana ushered in an era of uninhibited sex outside of marriage. The hippy girls of the 1960s were on 'the pill' to prevent pregnancy. The hippy generation was anti-establishment but was lining the pockets of the pharmaceutical companies. The first birth control pill was approved for use in 1960. Despite its claim of preventing unwanted births especially among adolescent females, a decade later the number of abortions skyrocketed. Marijuana + birth control pills led to 'safe sex' which actually increased many health risks for females. [ The Pill Kills ] I read recently where the incidence of schizophrenia rises 520% among marijuana users (largely those who over-use). [ Knowridge Science Report Oct 24, 2016] Though it should be added that tobacco use, which often accompanies smoking pot, also increases the risk for schizophrenia and is a co-occurring cause. [ Schizophrenia Research Aug 30, 2016] Some people are more genetically sensitive to develop psychosis from marijuana use. One study shows 44 out of 121 people (36%) with diagnosed schizophrenia developed symptoms of psychosis within 1 month of beginning to smoke marijuana. [ International Journal Neuropsychopharmacology Oct 2010] But that doesn't mean 36% of marijuana users would become psychotic. According to one study, about 3000 young people would have to be dissuaded from using marijuana to prevent one case of psychosis (schizophrenia). [ Addiction Nov 2009] Marijuana raises brain levels of homocysteine — an undesirable blood protein. [ Metabolic Brain Disease Sept 2014] Mental depression can result. The use of marijuana has been linked with memory problems. [ Journal Clinical Experimental Neuropsychology Oct 16, 2016] Babies born to mothers who use marijuana for morning sickness during pregnancy are more likely in young adulthood to have problems with executive functioning. [ Neurotoxicology Teratology June 1, 2016] Cannabis dependency results in the lower release of dopamine from brain cells and this is associated with inattention and poorer working memory. [ Molecular Psychiatry March 22, 2016] Doctors seeing patients who regularly use cannabis are likely to see a pattern among these patients of acute memory impairment, lack of coordination and judgment, social dysfunction and chronic bronchitis. [ Annals Medicine 2016] The common side effects produced by habitual marijuana users are well known: dry mouth (and accompanies cavities in teeth), dizziness upon standing up from a chair, increased appetite, memory impairment, lassitude (lack of motivation), mental depression, paranoia/anxiety, addiction, and because marijuana is smoked, lung problems may develop. [ Leaf Science ] For those who choose to use marijuana regularly, the following dietary supplements may be useful: N-acetyl cysteine (NAC) is an available sulfur-based dietary supplement that is often successfully used for young marijuana users who experience negative mental and emotional symptoms. [ Expert Opinion Drug Metabolism Toxicology Oct 21, 2016] NAC is helpful for problems with addiction. [ American Journal Psychiatry Aug 2012] Zinc supplements may also be used to calm addiction. [ Journal Annals Toxicology July 2011] Since resveratrol binds to the cannabinoid receptors on the surface of brain cells, it may be helpful marijuana dependence. [ Journal Pharmacology Experimental Therapeutics July 2009] Citicoline, to improve mental performance. [ International Journal Neurology & Neurotherapy Sept 30, 2015] Other supplements: magnesium, B vitamins (to reduce homocysteine), extra vitamin B12 (to avert short-term memory loss), vitamins C and D. As a final note, legislators were duped into drafting legislation to block the use of food stamps (electronic benefit cards) for the purchase of marijuana edibles (cookies) based upon a satirical news report that mistook fiction for fact. [ Think Progress ] However, apparently one convenience store operator was indicted for accepting food stamps as payment for marijuana. [ The Examiner ] The best news regarding marijuana is that States are electing to butts heads with the federal Supremacy clause in article VI of the Constitution and predominate over federal prohibitions against marijuana. [ Huffington Post March 30, 2014] The Best of Bill Sardi Tags: Bill Sardi [ ] is a frequent writer on health and political topics. His health writings can be found at www.naturalhealthlibrarian.com . His latest book is Downsizing Your Body . Copyright © 2016 Bill Sardi Word of Knowledge Agency, San Dimas, California. This article has been written exclusively for www.LewRockwell.com and other parties who wish to refer to it should link rather than post at other URLs.

ARTICLE

Finally, the political revolt we've all been waiting for, David Stockman tells Lew Rockwell. October 28, 2016

ARTICLE

Fitzgerald Griffin Foundation October 29, 2016 
[Classic: January 22, 1998] — Suddenly nobody is questioning Paula Jones's veracity anymore. Mrs. Jones told a simple story and has stuck with it, while the president has shifted ground, equivocated with his patented 'carefully worded denials,' and let his thuggish, blundering, and very expensive lawyer handle public relations. 
The Clinton team's line, echoed by the major media until recently, has been that Mrs. Jones is 'trailer-park trash' whose allegations are credible only to dirty-minded right-wing Clinton-haters. Never mind that her allegations are consistent with a great many other allegations from a great many sources. The Clinton strategy was to scare her off, and then, when that didn't work, to make her character the issue, leaking their own allegations to the press. 
But her tenacity created enormous pressure, forcing the president to make a humiliating appearance in her presence a few days ago to give his deposition — and possibly to try to tamper with other witnesses. Only he knows how many other potential witnesses there are. 
The new charges of creepy lechery and criminality have finally cost Clinton his protective press. Though Newsweek spiked its own scoop, the story exploded anyway. All those journalists who have covered for Clinton now feel he's yanked the rug out from under them once too often 
And it happened because a story they didn't want to dignify with coverage refused to go away. The story Newsweek spiked was written by Michael Isikoff, who had left the Washington Post in fury two years ago when the paper spiked a similar story he'd written on the Jones suit. But now the 'respectable' press has finally caught up with the 'crazy' press, leaving Hillary Clinton to repeat her usual gripe — Bill's just the victim of someone's political agenda — to an empty gallery. 
Clinton is standing on a precipice, staring down into the abyss of impeachment and prison. One nudge — another story, witness, allegation, or tape recording — could push him over. And the market value of any damaging evidence has skyrocketed, with the media fighting fiercely for the kind of information they used to spurn. He's at the mercy of any bimbo who wants to step forward. 
After being driven from office, Richard Nixon was able to make a comeback by claiming, however speciously, that his motive had always been to defend the dignity of the presidency. That's a claim Clinton won't be able to make. If he seduced a twenty-one-year-old White House intern and urged her to perjure herself for his sake, the dignity of the presidency was the last thing on his mind. Nor will he have the diehard it-didn't-start-with-Watergate defenders Nixon had. In Clinton's case, it started long ago in Arkansas. 
He arrived in Washington with a trail of sleazy rumors, some of them substantiated. The 'respectable' press ignored all that, including the fact that Gennifer Flowers had enjoyed rapid promotion as a state employee (and had tapes of Clinton urging her to lie about their liaison). It ignored 'right-wing' reports that he'd used state troopers to procure women. Such stories illustrated his readiness to abuse power for sleazy purposes, but they were treated as cheap sex gossip. When Paula Jones told her story, it fit the pattern — but was rejected as unworthy of serious attention. 
Now that the pattern is undeniable, Clinton is still Clintonizing — issuing new carefully-worded-denials, as if he might yet exculpate himself with verbal cleverness. It hasn't sunk in that he no longer has many supporters who will seize on any excuse for believing his version. His guilt isn't an epistemological puzzle. 
Supporting Clinton has become extremely costly. He has destroyed the Democrats' congressional majorities in both houses, and though he managed to win reelection (by methods that will now get redoubled scrutiny), he has destroyed his own presidency. And his disgrace will be contagious. 
The major media should not be allowed to ask: 'How were we supposed to know?' It's their business to know — and to inform the public. But their job had to be done by Paula Jones and the 'right-wing' press. ### 
This is one of 82 essays in Joe Sobran's collection of his writing on the President Clinton years, titled Hustler: The Clinton Legacy , which has just been republished by FGF Books.

ARTICLE

By Patrick J. Buchanan October 29, 2016 
Should Donald Trump surge from behind to win, he would likely bring in with him both houses of Congress. 
Much of his agenda — tax cuts, deregulation, border security, deportation of criminals here illegally, repeal of Obamacare, appointing justices like Scalia, unleashing the energy industry — could be readily enacted. 
On new trade treaties with China and Mexico, Trump might need economic nationalists in Bernie Sanders' party to stand with him, as free-trade Republicans stood by their K-Street contributors. 
Still, compatible agendas and GOP self-interest could transcend personal animosities and make for a successful four years. 
But consider what a Hillary Clinton presidency would be like. 
She would enter office as the least-admired president in history, without a vision or a mandate. She would take office with two-thirds of the nation believing she is untruthful and untrustworthy. 
Reports of poor health and lack of stamina may be exaggerated. Yet she moves like a woman her age. Unlike Ronald Reagan, her husband, Bill, and President Obama, she is not a natural political athlete and lacks the personal and rhetorical skills to move people to action. 
She makes few mistakes as a debater, but she is often shrill — when she is not boring. Trump is right: Hillary Clinton is tough as a $2 steak. But save for those close to her, she appears not to be a terribly likable person. 
Still, such attributes, or the lack of them, do not assure a failed presidency. James Polk, no charmer, was a one-term president, but a great one, victorious in the Mexican War, annexing California and the Southwest, negotiating a fair division of the Oregon territory with the British. 
Yet the hostility Clinton would face the day she takes office would almost seem to ensure four years of pure hell. 
The reason: her credibility, or rather her transparent lack of it. 
Consider. Because the tapes revealed he did not tell the full truth about when he learned about Watergate, Richard Nixon was forced to resign. 
In the Iran-Contra affair, Reagan faced potential impeachment charges, until ex-security adviser John Poindexter testified that Reagan told the truth when he said he had not known of the secret transfer of funds to the Nicaraguan Contras. 
Bill Clinton was impeached — for lying. 
White House scandals, as Nixon said in Watergate, are almost always rooted in mendacity — not the misdeed, but the cover-up, the lies, the perjury, the obstruction of justice that follow. 
And here Hillary Clinton seems to have an almost insoluble problem. 
She has testified for hours to FBI agents investigating why and how her server was set up and whether secret information passed through it. 
Forty times during her FBI interrogation, Clinton said she could not or did not recall. This writer has friends who went to prison for telling a grand jury, 'I can't recall.' 
After studying her testimony and the contents of her emails, FBI Director James Comey virtually accused Clinton of lying. 
Moreover, thousands of emails were erased from her server, even after she had reportedly been sent a subpoena from Congress to retain them. 
During her first two years as secretary of state, half of her outside visitors were contributors to the Clinton Foundation. 
Yet there was not a single quid pro quo, Clinton tells us. 
Yesterday's newspapers exploded with reports of how Bill Clinton aide Doug Band raised money for the Clinton Foundation, and then hit up the same corporate contributors to pay huge fees for Bill's speeches. 
What were the corporations buying if not influence? What were the foreign contributors buying, if not influence with an ex-president, and a secretary of state and possible future president? 
Did none of the big donors receive any official favors? 
'There's a lot of smoke and there's no fire,' says Hillary Clinton. 
Perhaps, but there seems to be more smoke every day. 
If once or twice in her hours of testimony to the FBI, grand jury or before Congress, Clinton were proven to have lied, her Justice Department would be obligated to name a special prosecutor, as was Nixon's. 
And, with the election over, the investigative reporters of the adversary press, Pulitzers beckoning, would be cut loose to go after her. 
The Republican House is already gearing up for investigations that could last deep into Clinton's first term. 
There is a vast trove of public and sworn testimony from Hillary, about the server, the emails, the erasures, the Clinton Foundation. Now, thanks to WikiLeaks, there are tens of thousands of emails to sift through, and perhaps tens of thousands more to come. 
What are the odds that not one contains information that contradicts her sworn testimony? Cong. Jim Jordan contends that Clinton may already have perjured herself. 
And as the full-court press would begin with her inauguration, Clinton would have to deal with the Syrians, Russians, Taliban, North Koreans and Xi Jinping in the South China Sea — and with Bill Clinton wandering around the White House with nothing to do. 
This election is not over. But if Hillary Clinton wins, a truly hellish presidency could await her, and us. The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan Tags:

ARTICLE

Taki's Magazine October 29, 2016 
PALM BEACH, Fla.—Maybe you missed this little item, but last month Obama shut down 130 colleges in a single day. 
That's one-three-oh campuses in 38 states that failed to open for the fall semester even though everybody was already enrolled. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think anything even remotely similar to this has ever happened in the history of the Republic. Education is the religion of the country. It's the one thing that all politicians put on their list of bromides (always saying we need more, not fewer, colleges). Education ranks right up there with sick babies and flogged pit bulls for things people will donate money to. If Obama had shown up in, say, Dayton, Ohio, in 2008 and said, 'By the way, part of my platform is that I might shut down 130 colleges,' I think he would have needed a security escort to get out of the Wright Brothers Banquet Hall. 
So why are there no riots? 
Because the victims of this Orientation Day Surprise are all students at the ITT Technical Institute. 
ITT Tech is one of those for-profit chains that offer degrees in rarefied skills like automobile mechanics and refrigeration repair and medical billing—they're not afraid to get specific with their curriculum—but historically it's the Oxford of that group. It grew out of an Indianapolis company called Howard W. Sams that was a publisher of electronics textbooks and service manuals. Sams Technical Institute was formed in 1963 to teach electronics to students who wanted to forgo the typical liberal-arts curriculum of the day and learn how to work with emerging technologies, usually in the service end of the business, and it proved so popular that STI soon merged with Teletronic Technical Institute in Evansville, Acme Institute of Technology in Dayton, and another Sams in Fort Wayne, before being acquired in 1966 by ITT, the diversified international conglomerate that got started in the '20s by consolidating phone companies. 
In the '60s and '70s these were sneered at as 'trade schools' or 'vo-tech schools,' but ITT turned them into actual colleges, a fact recognized in 1973 when the original ITT Technical Institute in Indianapolis became the first 'nontraditional' school allowed into the federal tuition loan and grant program. It was considered good policy since these programs were extremely popular with Vietnam War veterans trying to re-enter society. ITT Tech expanded rapidly in the '70s, pulled back slightly in the '80s, expanded again in the '90s, then became publicly traded after the Starwood hotel group bought ITT and decided it didn't want to be in the education business.

ARTICLE

PaulCraigRoberts.org October 29, 2016 
I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump. 
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this is not endeared to the oligarchs. 
Who are the oligarchs? 
—Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put 5 banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks' balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless. 
—The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power. 
—The neoconservatives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China. 
—The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs. 
—Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, herbicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops. 
—The extractive industries—energy, mining, fracking, and timber—that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply. 
—The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israel's way. 
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes' reporting and the facts on the ground. 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner. 
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary's public appearances are unattended but Trumps are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 
'Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and stickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages.' 
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity. 
I also receive from readers similar reports from around the country. 
This is how the theft of the election is supposed to work: The media concentrated in a few corporate hands has gone all out to convince not only Americans but also the world, that Donald Trump is such an unacceptable candidate that he has lost the election before the vote. 
By controlling the explanation, when the election is stolen those who challenge the stolen election are without a foundation in the media. All media reports will say that it was a runaway victory for Hillary over the misogynist immigrant-hating Trump. 
And the liberal, progressive opinion will be a relieved and off guard as Hillary takes us into nuclear war. 
That the Oligarchy intends to steal the election from the American people is verified by the officially reported behavior of the voting machines in early voting in Texas. The NPR presstitutes have declared that Hillary is such a favorite that even Republican Texas is up for grabs in the election. 
If this is the case, why was it necessary for the voting machines to be programmed to change Trump votes to Hillary votes? Those voters who noted that they voted Trump but were recorded Hillary complained. The election officials, claiming a glitch (which only went one way), changed to paper ballots. But who will count them? No 'glitches' caused Hillary votes to go to Trump, only Trump votes to go to Hillary. 
The most brilliant movie of our time was The Matrix. This movie captured the life of Americans manipulated by a false reality, only in the real America there is insufficient awareness and no Neo, except possibly Donald Trump, to challenge the system. Americans of all stripes—academics, scholars, journalists, Republicans, Democrats, right-wing, left-wing, US Representatives, US Senators, Presidents, corporate moguls and brainwashed Americans and foreigners—live in a false reality. 
In the United States today a critical presidential election is in the process in which not a single important issue is addressed by Hillary and the presstitutes. This is a total failure. Democracy, once the hope of the world, has totally failed in the United States of America. Trump is correct. The American people must restore the accountability of government to the people. The Best of Paul Craig Roberts Tags: Paul Craig Roberts, a former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury and former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal, has been reporting shocking cases of prosecutorial abuse for two decades. A new edition of his book, The Tyranny of Good Intentions , co-authored with Lawrence Stratton, a documented account of how americans lost the protection of law, has been released by Random House. Visit his website . Copyright © 2016 Paul Craig Roberts

ARTICLE

By Joachim Hagopian October 29, 2016 
The Western media seizes every chance to twist the truth in favor of another round of Putin-bashing as it's worn out flimsy excuse to escalate further hostilities against Moscow in order to trigger World War III. The pathological liars of the West never fail to deceitfully add fuel to their propaganda war machine fire. The latest hype is blaming a Russian airstrike for destroying a school in the rebel-held Idlib Province in northern Syria, killing 22 children and six teachers. 
Immediately the UN as the Washington vassal it is, through the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) for added sensational effect no less began opportunistically milking the tragedy for all it's worth, denouncing the killing as 'an outrage' and probable war crime, adding that it's the deadliest attack on a school in the near six years Syrian conflict. What's being left out of this heavily biased narrative is that the war in Syria was maliciously started by the United States, specifically, the CIA funding protests in 2011 (actually as far back as 2005 ) targeting Assad as part of its infamous Arab Spring uprising in accordance with Empire's illegal regime change policy. As an independent, secular leader unwilling to succumb to Empire's pressure to allow a 2009 proposed Qatar gas pipeline to Europe be built through his country, the fixated neocons have been gunning for Assad's removal ever since. 
Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov explained that after closer examination and careful analysis, the video released to Western media allegedly depicting the airstrike in Idlib Province consists of more than ten separate pieces of footage fragmented together. Thus, it appears to be a hoax designed to incriminate the Russian aerospace group for killing innocent kids. He added: 
As one can see on a photo from the Russian drone, the roof of the school is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area adjacent to the school… All this means that the UNICEF leadership fell a victim to a new deception of swindlers in White Helmets. That is why, before making loud statements, UNICEF officials should check sources of their information in order not to undermine the reputation of a respected organization. 
Of course this latest false flag isn't the first time Russia's been falsely blamed for attacks in Syria. Through CIA and military intelligence, the West has an elaborate network of anti-Russian and anti-Assad provocateurs waging staged events to implicate and vilify Putin and Assad as the enemy. General Konashenkov mentioned the White Helmets as part of the organized setup of US false flag operations in Syria. A former UK military intelligence officer owns the private security company responsible for training and handling the so-called White Helmets, discredited Syrian provocateurs pretending to be Syria's Civil Defense corps regularly staging fake photo-ops after US-backed terrorist groups kill innocent civilians making it appear that Assad and Putin are willfully and inhumanely murdering them. This latest school tragedy appears no different as incident after incident has been exposed in recent months. 
Like last month's attack on that UN humanitarian aid convoy north of Aleppo several weeks ago, engineered by Western intelligence working with the terrorists to accuse Russia of yet another airstrike that didn't happen, covering up the a rocket attack perpetrated by the US-backed al Nusra Front (forget their recent name change designed to distance themselves from being US proxy war terrorists no different from al Qaeda or ISIS/Daesh/Islamic State). Bottom line, Terrorists-R-US, Inc . 
In this latest propaganda ploy, on-the-ground eyewitness reports vis-à-vis White helmets state that 10 airstrikes around midday on Wednesday were responsible for striking the residential compound containing two schools in session at the time resulting in the bloodbath. Of course the go-to propagandist organization out of London that the Western media never fails to quote, the already outed fraudulent Syrian Observatory for Human Rights consisting of one anti-Assad expatriated Syrian, began immediately pointing the finger at Russia, like Clinton, Obama and all the Western axis-of-evil liars determined to demonize Putin and Russia as false justification for starting their next world war . 
In response to the tragedy, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova on Thursday called for an urgent international investigation without delay. She had this reaction to the Western presstitutes blaming her nation: 
This is not surprising, but at the same time, it deserves the strongest criticism. Al-Jazeera, The Independent, and other mass media sharing the same attitude to the journalistic profession at once blamed the tragedy on Russia, on the Russian aerospace group and on the Syrian armed forces. They claimed outright that it was a bombardment carried out by Russia and Syria. This is a lie. Russia has nothing to with that terrible tragedy, with that attack. 
Zakharova also mentioned a concern that the UN humanitarian relief in Syria has not nearly been enough to evacuate the wounded and sick from East Aleppo after Russia and Syria agreed to a humanitarian pause there several days ago. However, US backed rebels and snipers fired on civilians attempting to leave the city. Moreover, the US took full advantage of the lull in the Russian-Syrian fighting by opportunistically resupplying their terrorists on the ground with 50-ton airdrops of fresh ammo and weapons. Again, clearly it's the US that's the war crime culprit, needlessly causing only more war and more deaths in the war-ravaged nation reeling from nearly a half million lives lost. 
Another reality check for the Washington neocon war maniacs determined to blame Russia for all the ills of the world (including the corrupt US political system responsible for the rigged election ) as their deceptive sleight of hand brainwash to feebly cover up their own slaughterhouse carnage raping our planet, just one day prior to the Idlib school violence, the Beirut branch of Amnesty International (AI) chastised the US-led coalition pretending to fight the terrorists for its wanton killing of civilians in Syria as 'collateral war damage.' The inhumanities that Empire commits is never admitted or acknowledged but instead constant lies claiming that Russian and Syrian forces are cold-bloodedly mowing down innocents continue nonstop. The hubris and hypocrisy stemming from Washington's rotten core are American exceptionalism at its diabolical worse. 
Deputy Director for research at the Beirut Amnesty International office Lynn Maalouf , stated: 
It's high time the US authorities came clean about the full extent of the civilian damage caused by coalition attacks in Syria. We fear the US-led coalition is significantly underestimating the harm caused to civilians in its operations in Syria. 
AI estimates that in 11 US coalition airstrikes since September 2014 killed more than 300 civilians in Syria. Maalouf maintains that in each case, 'the coalition forces failed to take adequate precautions to minimize harm to civilians and damage to civilian objects.' So who's really the inhumane kid-killing bad guy in Syria? Definitely not Russia nor the Syrian government but once again the enemy of the world US Empire. 
Ultimately to silence this never-ending US blame game against Moscow, the Russian ambassador to the UN on Thursday began circulating the original September 9 th US-Russian peace treaty to the UNSecurity Council as well as to the UN Geneva branch. This document clearly shows that Russia has exhausted every sincere effort to bring an end to the war in Syria and stop global terrorism but the United States and its Western lackeys have willfully and deceitfully sabotaged that process at every turn in order to save their precious terrorists and endless war on terror. The evildoers behind the lifted curtain are exposed and guilty as charged. 
Or how can we forget the Obama staged false flag attack in August 2013 when the liar-in-chief falsely blamed Assad for sarin gassing his own Syrian children in the nearby Damascus suburb of Ghouta . Despite the real child murderers being Obama and his backed rebels he and Hillary created soon to be named ISIS, the Manchurian president given the mission to destroy America and his then recently resigned Secretary of State designated to be his successor to finish the job were trying to launch airstrikes on Syria to start World War III over three years ago. Putin outsmarted the US traitors in charge by brokering the last minute deal for Assad to turn in his chemical weapons arsenal. But with White House approval, US-backed terrorists guilty of the Ghouta massacre are still using their Saudi and Turkish supplied chemical weapons to kill Syrian civilians even to this very day. Where are the humanitarian cries about those war crime atrocities? 
Or what about all the civilians dying in Syria from mortar shelling of residential neighborhoods in West Aleppo? A mere one day after the Idlib school bombing, the US-backed al Nusra fired rockets in two locations in West Aleppo, one a school killing six children under the age of 16 and injuring more than a dozen others. In response to the Thursday school bombing in West Aleppo by US-backed terrorists, the Aleppo police chief Zuher Said Aldin commented: 
There are no military units there, only schools. Nevertheless, militants carried out a strike in this area, moreover, when classes were underway. Innocent children were killed, they just wanted to study. 
But where are all the humanitarian cries against the US financed and supported terrorists constantly murdering innocents throughout the Middle East and North Africa? Conveniently absent, because the US plotters of wars around the world couldn't care less about any dead children anywhere on this planet. 
Or the 10,000 civilians in Yemen slaughtered by the US-backed Saudi coalition consisting of US Special Force boots on the ground and more al Qaeda and ISIS terrorists deployed there as well, in addition to Israeli and Gulf State airstrikes and now US destroyers pounding the Yemen coast killing more civilians with cruise missiles after yet more US false flag claims that the Houthis fired missiles at the US Navy without any evidence to prove it. Where are the sanctimonious humanitarian cries over dead Yemen children? 
This historic, incessant use of false flags designed to bring about yet more war, terror and carnage to further destabilize the world for Empire hegemonic unipolar control needed to usher in the elite's one world government tyranny that the puppet masters have been plotting for over a century has been and currently is Washington's fulltime modus operandi. Because the globalists are getting desperate knowing that the world is now onto their demonic genocidal bloodletting and is now seeking justice and accountability in their relentless crimes against humanity, they're racing against time to bring us all down with Hillary as their rigged presidential choice launching WWIII and their preplanned global economy collapse as justification to finalize global governance using the climate change hoax and the Trojan horse excuse of protecting survivors with Agenda 2030 mass relocation as their prime vehicles to make it happen. By the way, this elitist plan includes preemptive nuclear first strikes against the Eastern nuke powered nations Russia and China while leaving humanity at the earth's surface to die from fatal exposure to radioactive fallout. For decades they've been planning for this nightmarish endgame scenario, quietly building their subterranean luxury bunkered homes that include several years of survival supplies, deep underground military bases (DUMB's) and elaborate transcontinental transport systems. The Best of Joachim Hagopian Tags: Joachim Hagopian [ ] is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled 'Don't Let The Bastards Getcha Down.' It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master's degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.com .

ARTICLE

American Thinker October 29, 2016 
To believe recent mainstream media polling releases, one would have to suspend reality enough to believe that John Podesta's email leaks, the ongoing Project Veritas video series, a world on fire, and new revelations about Obamacare are driving the public to embrace Hillary Clinton as never before. Things are apparently so good for the former first lady that ABC has her with a 12-point lead, a margin not seen in a presidential election since 1984. CNN is less confident but still has her sporting a comfortable 5-point lead. Fox News has wavered between 'too close to call' and the current 3-point edge that is contingent on her achieving President Obama's D+7 support level from 2008, which borders on complete insanity. 
The purpose of this article is to prove that the media is either lying to massively impact motivation or turnout for Trump or has absolutely no idea what the actual score is. The media don't care if I know what they are doing with their nonstop analysis of new 'chaos' within the Trump campaign. They are playing this sad song for the record number of independent voters who appear to be requesting ballots or voting early in battlegrounds across America. 
The first clue is that in the same week, ABC and CNN have polls showing a massive lead and a comfortable lead, respectively. These two polls are seven points apart. Obama's landslide win from 2008 was by a margin of 7.6%, and he still lost 22 states. Still, the enthusiasm and novelty of his campaign, combined with the natural pendulum swing that takes place after eight years of either party in the White House, left little doubt that he would win easily. Currently, ABC and CNN have the distance of Obama's landslide margin between their polls. 
For those keeping score at home, here is how these polls play out on a map: 
5 points 
Obama won re-election in 2012 by 3.9%. The tightest red state was North Carolina, which Mitt Romney carried by 2.0%. In the event of a five-point Clinton win, I suspect that North Carolina would be the only possible state to flip, but it wouldn't surprise me for the map to stay identical to 2012. In this scenario, as in 2012, Hillary is not competitive in Arizona, Georgia, or Texas, as the media indicates today. 
12 points 
This map should show you that the media aren't even trying to be objective anymore. The blue nightmare above sees the GOP holding a likely minimum of six states, and no more than 11. At a twelve-point margin, there are no swing states. None. Not even second-tier swing states like Missouri, Arizona, or Georgia. For the first time since 1996, the Democrats would have made inroads into the Deep South and would threaten some of the reddest states. 
Why is this important? The media are deliberately misleading the electorate and can't even keep their own lies between the networks laced with a scent of historical accuracy. Recent state polls from battlegrounds like Ohio, Florida , North Carolina, Nevada, and others, combined with what we already know about levels of minority support, absentee balloting, early voting turnout, and enthusiasm, indicate that Trump is ahead or neck and neck in the Electoral College. Regardless of the final outcome, competition in these states cannot possibly correlate with a 12-point loss. Companies that release polling like this deserve all the ridicule they will receive for compromising their integrity.

ARTICLE

Backdoor Survival October 29, 2016 
The topic of using expired prescription drugs comes up frequently in survival and preparedness circles. Although there are many articles detailing with the efficacy of outdated meds, one question I get over and over again is 'what do I do when the meds run out?' 
Whereas there is no single clear answer, one thing we can all start to do now hangs on to our old, unused meds. For the most part and with very few exceptions, they will be viable for two to twelve years beyond their expiration date. The secret is to keep them in a cool, dark, location that is not too dissimilar from your food storage. 
In another exclusive article for Backdoor Survival, Dr. Joe Alton, a medical doctor who is well versed in survival medicine, is here today to give us an update on the use of expired drugs in a survival setting. In addition, for those of you that have asked, he is providing us with links you can use to initiate your own research on this important topic. 
Of course, as with anything preparedness related, let your own good judgment prevail. 
An Update on Expired Drugs in Survival Settings 
In normal times, replacing expired medicines isn't a major issue. You call your physician and get a refill for 'fresh' meds. Medicine bottle descriptions and those in print and online sources tell you to discard any drug that has gone expired, a recommendation so common that it's considered standard. 
You might be surprised to know, however, that expiration dates have only been government-mandated since 1979. The expiration date is simply the last day that the pharmaceutical company will guarantee 100% potency of the product. In other words, you won't grow a horn in the middle of your forehead or another ill effect if you take the drug the week after it expires. Indeed, it is rare for expired drugs, especially in pill or capsule form, to be any riskier than the non-expired versions. 
This is an important issue to those preparing medically for survival scenarios. If you believe that some disaster will take society to the brink, then you should also understand that such a scenario also means that it's unlikely that pharmaceutical companies will be functioning to manufacture drugs. Therefore, at one point or another, a well-supplied survival medic will have to make a decision regarding the use of an expired medication. 
This is a decision that also must be made by government agencies such as FEMA and the Department of Defense. Federal warehouses store tens of millions of dollars' worth of drugs meant for use in peacetime disasters. When these drugs expired, the forklifts came out and huge quantities of life-saving medicines were discarded.

ARTICLE

Tenured , of course. 
He calls the Bundy verdicts 'nullification'— which they ain't, since the jury did its job based on the facts. 
By the way, nullification is fine when called for. In the nineteenth century, the jury's common, and not the judge's instructions, guided the verdict. 
Then he claims that armed Americans should 'scare all Americans.' 
Again, translated: 'Those who refuse to do what the government tells them are a danger to the country!' 
And, laughably, this statist winds it up by pretending he supports 'law and order'! 
And the good news? He really is mad. And that's good. Better than having him gloat over a cowed jury's guilty verdict.

ARTICLE

Thomas DiLorenzo https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/hillarys-first-impulse-always-lie-lie-lie/ 
Imagine my shock upon learning that Hitlery lied through her teeth at her five-second 'news conference' last night regarding the reopening of her Clinton Crime Family email case by the FBI. She declared that the FBI had notified only Republican members of Congress about this, implying a dark conspiracy between the Obama administration's FBI and the Republican Party. Vast Right-Win Conspiracy, Act II 
But, lo and behold, one of the talking head shows revealed that 'ranking Democrats' in Congress were notified at the same time as the Republicans. 
This was vintage Bill Clinton whose modus operandi was always: ' I wonder if I can get the suckers to believe this one?' 6:46 am on October 29, 2016

ARTICLE

Q. If Trump wins can it be considered a repudiation of the national news mediocrity? A. I certainly hope so! 
The performance of the major news outlets this election cycle has been something to behold. It's been the worst, most shallow undertaking I can remember. And I remember the treatment Goldwater got. 
I wrote here on Lew's blog last week about the hysterical reaction Gloria Borger and others had to Trump's unwillingness to promise to respect the election results in advance. 
They acted like panicked teenage girls in a horror movie. 
Pat Buchanan explains the media's panic. 'The establishment is terrified that it has lost the country,' he says. 'The country no longer believes in its leadership.' 
About time! 
Now with the Comey development it won't be long before Dems start talking about a rigged system. 
Another moment of equal media idiocracy: When the Clintonistas blamed Russia for spilling DNC emails that showed its secret collaboration with Hillary and against Bernie Sanders. 
Trump said 'Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing!' 
The line wasn't well-delivered. But it was still funny. 
Even so, the joke was lost on the usual suspects. I watched CNN's Jake Tapper's visage grow dark as he expressed grave concern that Trump was inviting the Russians to interfere in our election. 
The whole thing brings to mind an old vaudeville comedy routine with, let's say, Joe and Moe: Joe: I'm offended by the media's alarmist reaction to Trump's email joke. Moe: Are you offended as a Trump supporter? Joe: No, I'm offended as a person with a sense of humor! 11:09 am on October 29, 2016

ARTICLE

Charles Burris https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/nomi-prins-leftprogressive-case-fed/ 
Excellent Jeff Deist interview/discussion with Nomi Prins, author of All The Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances That Drive America Power (an excellent companion volume to Murray N. Rothbard's definitive primer on power elite analysis, Wall Street, Banks, and American Foreign Policy ). 
Every listener should both purchase and carefully read and reflect upon the magisterial detailed history these two powerful books present. This is not stagnant antiquated dry facts but vital background information which effects our world each and every day. 
Especially illuminating in this discussion are Prins' laying out the elite background of the creation of the Fed at Jekyll Island, how the Fed enables war and the military-industrial complex, and how the systemic nature of central banking and its allied credit card industry promotes inequality. 
Nomi Prins is a national treasure, for her wide-ranging authoritative knowledge of these important subjects, and her lucid and engaging ability to present this information verbally to the attentive public. 5:07  

ARTICLE

Gary North has the video . 12:56  

ARTICLE

Butler Shaffer https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/re-jury-nullification-2/ 
Chris: It is telling not only that this academician has tenure, but that he has tenure at a STATE university. Do you think he might be concerned that this jury's decision might reflect a growing disrespect for the arbitrary arrogance of state power; a weakening that might endanger his continued employment? 12:20  

ARTICLE

Charles Burris https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/dennis-kucinich-channels-smedley-darlington-butler/ 
'Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors.War is first and foremost a profitable racket,' By Dennis Kucinich 
For LRC readers not familiar with Smedley Darlington Butler, I should point out that he was a Major General in the US Marine Corps, the highest rank at that time. At the time of his death in 1940, he was the most decorated Marine in United States history, having received 16 medals, five for heroism, including two Congressional Medals of Honor. 
In a speech delivered in 1933, Butler said of war and the men behind it: 
War is just a racket. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small inside group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses. 
I spent thirty-three years and four months in active military service as a member of this country's most agile military force, the Marine Corps. I served in all commissioned ranks from Second Lieutenant to Major-General. And during that period, I spent most of my time being a high class muscle-man for Big Business, for Wall Street and for the Bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism. 
I suspected I was just part of a racket at the time. Now I am sure of it. 
Like all the members of the military profession, I never had a thought of my own until I left the service. My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military service. 
I helped make Mexico, especially Tampico, safe for American oil interests in 1914. 
I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank boys to collect revenues in. I helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street. 
The record of racketeering is long. I helped purify Nicaragua for the international banking house of Brown Brothers in 1909–1912. 
I brought light to the Dominican Republic for American sugar interests in 1916. 
In China I helped to see to it that Standard Oil went its way unmolested. During those years, I had, as the boys in the back room would say, a swell racket. Looking back on it, I feel that I could have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents. 
Butler later expanded his perceptive observations in his book 
Smedley Darlington Butler — an Amazon book list 
Smedley Darlington Butler was also the savior of our constitutional republic from a fascist plot by plutocratic militarists in the early 1930s. Watch this excellent History Channel documentary based on Jules Archer's brilliant book, The Plot To Seize The White House, which details the Wall Street/American Legion attempted fascist coup d'état against President Franklin Delano Roosevelt heroically exposed by Butler. 8:32 pm on October 29, 2016

ARTICLE

October 29, 2016 
Writes Graham Dugas: 
Comey has an insurrection on his hands beyond the ability of anyone to control. These mutinous senior FBI agents have enough dirt to toss Obama, Comey, Hillary and others in jail. They also loathe the idea of being subjected to Clinton in the future as they know they will be forced to perpetrate more cover-ups and stain the bureau even more. They presented Comey and Obama with a choice…'give us Hillary's head on a platter and we will be silent on Obama's complicity in federal crimes [effectively a Nixon type pardon by omission of pursuit] and we will allow Comey to quietly be succeeded by a person of our choosing on an incoming Trump Administration.' OR ELSE THEY WILL GO PUBLIC. Comey could have been silent until after the election no matter what they found on Weiner's laptop because they already have seen ALL the emails including the deleted ones. The fact that Comey is taking this action indicates that his hand is being forced and that he [and Obama] have accepted the terms offered by the insurrectionists in exchange for the face saving terms offered. This also dovetails with Assange saying his next batch [the FBI knows the contents of ALL of Podesta's emails] will result in the arrest of Hillary. The FBI cannot weather another PR storm revealing them complicit in a cover-up. They also must be proactive and use Hillary's arrest/indictment/forced withdrawal from the race as a lightning rod to quell a furious public by granting them their 'pound of flesh'. No one likes Hillary, and don't think that the Pentagon is going to silently sit still as one of their 4-Star generals get ramrodded for MUCH less than Hillary did. They are aligned with the insurrectionists at the FBI. Comey and Obama's hand is being forced. Hillary is toast and going to jail. You will know this is true within a few days because the sheriff is about to slap the cuffs on Hillary. Weiner's laptop is just a cover story. Tags:

ARTICLE

Charles Burris https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/epic-deep-state-internecine-division/ 
I believe in these final climatic days before November 8, we will see epic Deep State internecine division. Some will publicly surface, most will remain buried sub-strata. 
The Deep State is not monolithic or homogeneous but is composed of many seemingly disparate elements or competing factions united by their systemic base criminality under the phony rubric of 'national security.' 
Administrations change, but the Deep State endures. 
I think the overall standard perception of Trump as viewed as an outlier or dangerous loose cannon to the statist old guard elites who see his enormous ego, hubris, and independence of mind as threatening to their rackets is breaking down and being challenged late in the game by some factions. Raison d'état, institutional loyalty and self-interest trumps everything else. 
The Clinton ties to epic criminality and predation are thoroughly documented but under-reported by the regime media in thrall to their Deep State suzerains up to this point. She is now being deemed expendable by some elements. And like Huma, she will be thrown under the bus. 
Some of those factions within the Deep State — particularly those un-elected powerful bureaucrats deep within the permanent government and Pentagon that determine actual day-to-day policy from one administration to another, will turn on Hillary, out of amoral self-interest and institutional loyalty. 
James Comey is perhaps the first and most notable. 
Prepare for the Night of the Long Knives, version 2016. 3:14 pm on October 30, 2016

ARTICLE

. 
Your Most Honorableness, October 30th, 2016 
I read in the papers and on the Internet that the Bundy's and their cohorts were acquitted in your courtroom in Portland of all charges. 
I also read that the defendants were not released. 
I also read that their defense attorney, while asking for the papers that would keep his clients in jail, was attacked in your courtroom by the bailiffs and tasered on the floor after he'd been gang tackled. 
Is this your idea of justice? 
Atticus Finch in 'To Kill a Mockingbird' said that, 'The courts are the great levelers.' I don't think that he meant the defense attorney should be leveled in the courtroom by government goons. 
You numbnuts in the court system are losing all, and I mean ALL, of your credibility with the public. We don't believe in your robes and badges and court orders and bits of paper demanding this and that. We look at you as robbers. 
You have all become a farcical, dangerous, and way too powerful. 
You and I are the same age. You should know better. 
Sincerely,

ARTICLE

Laurence M. Vance https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/clinton-lead-us-ww3/ 
Because most members of the military will go anywhere and fight for any reason no matter who orders them to do so. 3:25 pm on October 30, 2016

ARTICLE

Laurence M. Vance https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/romney-ryan/ 
Remember them? They were the Republican presidential candidates in the last election. Aside from the possible repeal of Obamacare (more likely the substitution of a Republican plan), what major thing would be different right now as concerning the welfare state, the warfare state, or U.s. foreign policy? I have been trying all day to think of something. 3:34 pm on October 30, 2016

ARTICLE

By John V. Walsh October 31, 2016 
Every presidential vote, like every other vote, demands that one set priorities, for it is a rare voter indeed who will agree 100% with a given candidate. And surely in the coming presidential election survival must top the list of priorities. What can be more important than the survival of human civilization and perhaps humanity itself? 
Here is a brief primer on the subject – suitable for printing out for liberal friends. 
No Fly Zone over Syria 
'I personally would be advocating now for a no-fly zone (inside Syria)….' 
Hillary Clinton interview , October 1, 2015, the day after Russia began air operations over Syria. Clinton has held this position since 2013 at least when she admitted it would ' kill a lot of Syrians .' She has maintained it right up to the final presidential debate when she went 'all-in on Syria no-fly zone ' as the pro-Clinton Huffington Post headlined it. 
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war – against Syria and Russia. That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.' 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Dunford in Congressional testimony on September 22, 2016. Dunford's alarm is shared by other 'national security' experts and those previously involved in implementing such zones. 
'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria. You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton . …You're not fighting Syria anymore, you're fighting Syria, Russia, and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk.' (Emphasis, JW.) 
Donald Trump in Reuters interview on October 25, 2016, headlined 'Exclusive – Trump says Clinton policy on Syria would lead to World War Three.' 
So there you are. It is not complicated. We have seen Clinton's actions over 26 and more years. She has not hesitated to kill hundreds of thousands and destroy entire countries. Libya and now Syria are but the latest examples. There is no doubt what she will do once in office. As Ralph Nader has said, she has never seen a war she did not love. Or as Trump has said, she is 'trigger happy.' 
Broader U.S. Russia Relations 
'Now if this sounds familiar (Putin's actions in Crimea, jw), it's what Hitler did back in the 30s…..All the Germans that were … the ethnic Germans, the Germans by ancestry who were in places like Czechoslovakia and Romania and other places, Hitler kept saying they're not being treated right. I must go and protect my people….' 
Hillary Clinton comments comparing Putin's actions to Hitler's at a private gathering, March, 2014 
'Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. 
'Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism. 
'Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world. 
'If somebody out there wants confrontation, this is not our choice but this means that there will be problems.' 
President Vladimir Putin addressing a group of journalists in Russia, October, 2016. 
'Wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along with Russia and China and all these countries? Wouldn't it be nice?' 
Donald Trump at a rally in Clinton, Iowa, January, 2016, stating a position that he has often voiced. 
My progressive friends dismiss this and many other statements of Trump's with the easy rejoinder that Trump is inconsistent and opportunistic, that one cannot believe what he says. But his statements on Russia are quite consistent. And they are quite the opposite of opportunistic; they do not gain him votes, they have cost him votes. He stated his Russia-friendly position from the beginning in the Republican primaries, as for example in the statement above which was made in Iowa before the caucuses. That was no advantage to him. The Republican Party at that time was dominated by the neocons, and its Establishment remains hawkish to the present as John McCain, Mitt Romney, and many others demonstrate on a near daily basis. Trump has stuck with his position right up through the final presidential debate, even though his own vice presidential candidate has tried to pull him away from it and even though Hillary has used it as a club with which to beat him. There has been no inconsistency and it has been costly for him. That means you can take it to the bank as a matter of principle for him. 
In fact, Trump has been as determined and consistent in seeking peace with Russia and Syria as Clinton has been in demonizing Putin and seeking a no-fly zone in Syria. That is a clear and striking difference between them. 
A testimony of great value to progressives 
'On the issue of war and nuclear weapons, it is actually Hillary's policies which are much scarier than Donald Trump (sic) who does not want to go to war with Russia. He wants to seek modes of working together, which is the route that we need to follow not to go into confrontation and nuclear war with Russia.' 
Jill Stein, Green Party candidate for president, interview on October 12, 2016. 
If, dear reader, you do not believe that Hillary will put us in a war situation with Russia to advance the power of the Indispensable Nation and the Exceptionals, then please read again the first three quotes at the beginning of this essay. In the absence of Hillary from his Cabinet, Obama has been wary about plunging into a misadventure in Syria. But Hillary does not hesitate when it comes to such bloody undertakings; she revels in them. 
And if you have priorities that outstrip the question of survival, then this essay will mean little to you. But I submit that most other questions pale into insignificance next to this one – if not for you, then for your loved ones and for your fellow human beings. The Best of John V. Walsh Tags: John Walsh [ ] is a frequent contributor to CounterPunch.com, Antiwar.com, LewRockwell.com and DissidentVoice.org. He is a founding member of 'Come Home America.' Until recently he was Professor of Physiology and Neuroscience at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. Copyright © 2016 John V. Walsh

ARTICLE

GaryNorth.com October 31, 2016 The world of 1900 was nothing like the world of 1800. The world of 2000 was nothing like the world of 1900. Why? Because of 2% per annum economic growth per capita. 
No one can perceive this low an increase in one year. But when compounded, no one can miss the changes in our lives over a lifetime. I dealt with this in my Mises Institute lecture, ' How Come We're So Rich? ' 
In my life, I experienced only one major change in my productivity. In late 1980, I switched to a computer to write. I used a primitive version of WordPerfect on a mini-computer: Satellite Software International. In one week, I doubled my output. I continued to use the DOS-based version of the program for the next 25 years. 
For small businesses, the big breakthrough was VisiCalc: the first spreadsheet. This was the 'killer App' that made the Apple II the first business microcomputer in 1979. There have been improvements since then, but VisiCalc fundamentally changed the process of business planning. It came as a result of a 'what if' class assignment at the Harvard Business School. If any other business program has had a greater impact on how businessmen run their businesses, I am unaware of it. Maybe computerized accounting programs are more widely used, but they are digital versions of paper-based principles that go back six centuries. There has been nothing to match double-entry bookkeeping during this period. 
Tim Berners-Lee converted the Internet into the World Wide Web in 1990. It was a hobby project. The graphics user interface for the Internet launched a communications revolution five years later. A group of nerds at the University of Minnesota invented it. YouTube followed a decade later. Facebook changed the way a billion people live. These were revolutions. They were all originally hobby projects. The applications of these technologies have been decentralized and marginal, but our world is different. 
There are occasional big ideas. There are not many of them. Then decentralized marginal extensions of them change our world. 
This takes the liberty. It takes a free market. No central planner or planning committee could foresee these applications, let alone design one. Yet there are still socialists who imagine that some planning committee could do this. They see all around them the fruits of the private ownership of the means of production, and then they go online to call the rest of us to vote for central planning. 
We think of Bernie Sanders as a socialist. But, compared with Marx, Lenin, and Mao, he is a free enterpriser. He wants wealth redistribution. He and his followers use the word 'socialism,' but they still want Facebook and YouTube in private hands. The world around us is the world of decentralized capital. Sanders and his camp want government redistribution of wealth, but they don't want the world run by the Department of Motor Vehicles. The Best of Gary North Tags: Gary North [ ] is the author of Mises on Money . Visit http://www.garynorth.com . He is also the author of a free 31-volume series, An Economic Commentary on the Bible . Copyright © 2016 Gary North

ARTICLE

By Becky Akers October 31, 2016 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 is one of the most pernicious in American history. It destroys freedom of association, subjects our private relationships to bureaucratic judgment and meddling, and substitutes the totalitarian credo of 'civil rights' for the freedom from government Americans previously espoused. 
No wonder the left loves it. This legislation is Progressives' Bible and Psalter in one convenient package, the inspiration for much of their mischief. 
So I was staggered to read that the radical left—not your average Marxist on Medicaid but the sexual deviants, feminists, 'social activists' and 'advocates,' Congressional Dimocrats, and other misfits with too much time on their hands—has excoriated the Civil Rights Act. Damned it, in fact. 
What inspired this astounding about-face? The 'Russell Amendment' to the NDAA. 
The National Defense Authorization Act is as monstrous as the civil-rights one, which doubtless explains its gliding through Congress the last 54 years. This baby annually finances 'our' troops—you know, the gullible, unemployed and unemployable, barely literate cannon fodder the government's schools spew that the government's 'armed forces' then prey on—sorry, 'recruit.' I haven't surveyed all 54 Congresses that have overwhelmingly passed the NDAA, but I bet few criminals there ever dare vote 'Nay' lest the parents, friends and neighbors of said cannon-fodder accuse them of not 'supporting' 'our' hired killers. 
Since politicians consider the NDAA a 'must-pass' bit of chicanery, they are fond of attaching amendments to it, just as drivers stuck in traffic fall in line behind an ambulance with screaming sirens. Often, said amendments merely pertain to the usual corruption, i.e., pork . But lately they've also codified terror. For example, the NDAA of 2012 legalized the 'indefinite mlitary detention' of American citizens . And yes, 2016's NDAA still includes that Stalinesque decree. 
This year, Rep. Steve Russell [R-OK] sponsored an amendment that's benign, relatively speaking. To wit, ' Any branch or agency of the Federal Government shall , with respect to any religious corporation, religious association, religious educational institution, or religious society that is a recipient of or offeror [ sic ; don't you love it when existing jargon doesn't adequately cover politicians' sins, so they invent more?] for a Federal Government contract, subcontract, grant, purchase order, or cooperative agreement, provide protections and exemptions consistent with sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-1(a) and 42 U.S.C. 2000e-2(e)(2)) and section 103(d) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 USC 12113(d)).' 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Ol' Steve simply upholding the Civil Rights Act and its wretched daughter, the ADA? 
Which infuriates the aforementioned crackpots and deviants. ' If passed, the Russell Amendment could put the livelihood of millions of Americans at risk, according to Sejal Singh, of the Center for American Progress.' 
Huh? But—but, Sejal, the Civil Rights Act forced employers to hire millions of Americans, even if they lacked skills and qualifications— 
'' This would jeopardize protections for over 28 million people — or one in five employees — who are under federal contract,' Singh [said]… She believes the amendment was introduced as a way to counteract President Obama's executive orders prohibiting workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender expression.' 
Wha—? But—but Sejal, the Civil Rights Act, you can't be serious — 
' 'We believe that this is part of a wave of backlash against progress in LGBT and women's rights,' Singh added.' 
Yep, this nutjob actually insists that the Civil Rights Act inhibits rather than promotes 'progress in LGBT and women's rights.' As if we would even talk with, let alone take orders, from her and her fellow deviants without the Act's aiming federal guns at us. 
Nor is Sejal alone in her hysteria: whole battalions of Marxists have joined her in bewailing the Civil Rights Act. There's ' David Stacy, the government affairs director for the Human Rights Campaign ,' who 'pointed out the explicit danger this amendment could pose for LGBTQ employees.' And good that he did, because anyone normal certainly won't see it: ''This amendment would give legal grounds for an employer to prevent a gay man from having their [ sic ] husband [ sic ] added to their [ sic ] health insurance. Trans people could be fired from their job [ sic ] upon announcing their intent to transition,' Stacy explained.' 
Either Dave didn't read Russell's amendment or he's as deranged as he is effeminate and ungrammatical. (And let us here lament the degeneration of the language these degenerates favor, the nonsense and irrationality. Men do not have 'husbands'; singular nouns require singular pronouns; and unless all 'trans people' malinger in a single job, they would be fired from their job s, plural. What absurd gyrations, and all to avoid those helpful terms, 'his' and 'hers'!) 
But for manic hyperbole, it's hard to beat the ACLU, tireless cheerleader for tyranny in general and civil rights in particular: ' 'The Russell Amendment is one of the most significant threats to LGBT people and women we have seen in Congress in years. It must be removed from the defense bill — freedom, equality and fairness are at stake,' said ACLU deputy legal director Louise Melling.' Good gracious, who ever suspected the Civil Rights Act of such wickedness? 
Naturally, ' Senate Democrats and the White House are … signaling strong opposition to a provision they say would allow for discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.' I shan't ask whether these dimwits are insane: we all know they are. Still, do any of them realize the amendment reinforces their hallowed Civil Rights Act? Have any of them read Russell's wording? 
No surprise if they haven't. First, Congressional goldbrickers vote on legislation without even glancing at the text . Second, Russell's amendment is suspiciously absent from all the reports but one that I've seen on this silliness. Could it be that the agitators know the amendment's innocuous, and their cronies in the corporate media have agreed not to reprint it? And third, this confirms that Progressives can't think for themselves (or at all, truth be told). If they could, surely someone would protest, 'Hey, what are we doing , trashing the Civil Rights Act?' 
At any rate, the Dimocrats have vented their dudgeon 'in a letter to the leaders of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees.' The whole screed is risible, but my nominee for 'Most Absurd Claim' is this line: ' This discrimination erodes the freedoms that our military has fought for generations to protect. ' 
What the Dimocrats actually mean by 'discrimination' is 'failing to roll over and play dead for all varieties of pervert in all situations at all times.' And 'our military' most certainly has not 'fought for generations' for such 'freedoms.' If you'd told the guys starving at Valley Forge that they were dying so Daniel and Stephan can sodomize one another, they'd have deserted to the Redcoats. Indeed, I'm reminded of John Adams' cry: 'Posterity! You will never know how much it cost the present Generation to preserve your Freedom! I hope you will make good use of it. If you do not, I shall repent in Heaven, that I ever took half the Pains to preserve it.' I doubt John would define men sashaying into the women's loo as 'making good use of your Freedom.' 
Meanwhile, recall what fomented this outsized fury against the Civil Rights Act: the fear that a Christian might contract with the Feds to supply overpriced toilet seats and—horrors!—refuse to hire Bruce/Caitlyn as s/he convalesces from castration. For that , the LGPMNOQZ-whatever—in short, the Debauched Community throws the Civil Rights Act under the bus. 
If the DC—hmmm. What a happy coincidence that this abbreviation once again connotes a dictatorial sewer!—if the DC succeeds in stripping this amendment from the NDAA, so what? Christians ought never deal with the satanic State in any way, except to undermine and overthrow it while comforting its victims. Let's hope believers so dead to conscience that they connive with Uncle Sam's evil reconsider when they hear that the DC will once again force them to hire deviants. 
' Religious freedom is essential to America ,' opines one of the DC, 'but it is not a right to discriminate, and not with taxpayer dollars. You should never be disqualified for a job because you think or believe differently from your employer.' Get it? 'Religious freedom' is all right in its place, but Caesar's deviant demands are far more legitimate than any serf's convictions. 
In their letter, the Dimocrats allege that Russell's emphasis on the Civil Rights Act will ' harm hardworking Americans who deserve to be protected from workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, religious identity, or reproductive and other health care decisions.' Hey, if that's the case, repeal the Civil Rights Act, and quick! The Best of Becky Akers Tags: Becky Akers [ ] has published two novels of the American Revolution, Halestorm and Abducting Arnold . They advocate sedition and liberty, among other joys, so the wise reader will buy them now, before they're banned.

ARTICLE

By D. Buxman October 31, 2016 
Speculator is, quite simply, the best novel that I have read in the past three years and deserves better than a 5-star rating. It is a nuanced adventure that will offer the reader unique insights into topics as diverse as geology, capitalism, colonialism, junior gold mining investment and anarcho-capitalism. This wonderful book presents a freedom-based political/economic philosophy that is every bit as compelling and profound as that of Ayn Rand, at a much faster pace and without the laborious monologs. 
I was lucky enough to purchase an advance copy of this book in July, and I pre-ordered the Kindle version so that I could make it a permanent part of my digital library, accessible to my college-aged kids for whom it is now required reading. Technical elements such as dialogue and character development are superb, and I can't wait to see how the heroes and villains develop in the planned sequels. Over two months after my first reading, I am still thinking about the themes that resonate throughout this book. I recommend it without reservation. Few novels have the potential to be life-changing vehicles, but this is one of them.

ARTICLE

Why Director Comey jumped at the chance to reopen Hillary investigation By Ed Klein Daily Mail October 31, 2016 New York Times bestselling author Ed Klein has just published his fourth book about the Clintons since 2005, Guilty as Sin. Klein had told how Bill Clinton enjoyed foot rubs, massages and romps in his presidential library with female interns and has described new details about Hillary's medical crises. Guilty as Sin is available in bookstores and for order from Amazon. James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI, including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom.

ARTICLE

As the FBI assesses emails from former congressman's devices, his sex scandal is once again making headlines. Joe Biden's response: 'Oh, God' By Oliver Milman The Guardian October 31, 2016 
As a fractious and often sordid presidential campaign reaches its denouement, Hillary Clinton may be reflecting upon the grim irony that it is Anthony Weiner who has provided what could be the final, miserable twist. 
Weiner's predilection for sending sexually laden text messages derailed his career in Congress and his chances of becoming mayor of New York City , but his soap-opera-style re-emergence in the 11th hour of the presidential race may yet trigger the greatest political carnage of all. 
His appearance comes in an election already defined by allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour by Clinton's husband, former president Bill Clinton, and by the Republican nominee, Donald Trump . 
On Friday, Clinton called on the FBI to 'immediately' explain its announcement that it was reviewing a new batch of emails relating to her, after a review of her use of a private email server was closed in July. 
Then, the FBI director, James Comey, said Clinton had been ' extremely careless ' in her use of a private server while secretary of state, but said there were no grounds for a criminal investigation. 
On Friday, he said in a letter to members of Congress that the bureau would analyze newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent to the investigation'. Republicans were quick to characterise the move as a 'reopening' of the investigation into Clinton's server, a description Democrats rejected. 
It was later reported that the new emails came from an iPad, cellphone and laptop seized by the FBI and previously shared by Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide. 
Clinton's campaign and the Obama administration have been left bewildered by the latest FBI intervention, less than two weeks before the election, with Weiner's involvement rubbing salt into the wound. 
John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman, said: 'Director Comey's letter refers to emails that have come to light in an unrelated case, but we have no idea what those emails are and the director himself notes they may not even be significant. 
'It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election.' 
Vice-president Joe Biden was more direct, telling CNN's Michael Smerconish in an interview broadcast on Saturday: 'Well, oh God, Anthony Weiner. I should not comment on Anthony Weiner . I'm not a big fan. I wasn't before he got in trouble.' 
Weiner is being investigated by the FBI and police in North Carolina over text messages sent to a 15-year-old girl . In the wake of the latest allegations against him, Abedin, who has herself been a target for criticism from Republicans for some time, separated from Weiner . She has continued in her role as Clinton's closest ally on the campaign trail. 
Once seen as a rising Democratic star, Weiner was forced to resign from Congress in 2011 after he sent a picture of his penis, clad in his boxer shorts, to a 21-year-old student via Twitter. After he initially denied involvement in the messages, further pictures sent by Weiner emerged and he stepped down, at the urging of Barack Obama .

ARTICLE

By Joachim Hagopian October 31, 2016 
This last Friday it became public record that FBI Director James Comey reopened the Hillary Clinton email server investigation after repeatedly testifying before Congress and the world up to last July that he'd closed the case , after in his words not finding sufficient evidence of 'any criminal wrongdoing ' to indict her in spite of her four years as Secretary of State egregiously breaching our national security , committing obstruction of justice and willful tampering with evidence, deleting 30,000 emails after receiving a court subpoena constituting destruction of evidence, not to mention repeatedly engaging in perjury before Congress and the FBI. 
But obviously, a federal investigation still in process in late June never stopped serial rapist-crime boss Bill Clinton's illegal ambush at the Phoenix airport of Comey's boss US Attorney General Loretta Lynch 'clearing' the way for Hillary to proceed without consequence to be anointed as the next US figurehead puppet president by the ruling elite. Because it's so blatantly obvious to the entire world that Hillary is guilty as sin, Comey's whitewash didn't go over well with either Americans or longtime FBI agents who reacted angrily to Comey's over-the-top corruption. Subsequently, in recent months Comey has had a virtual mutiny on his hands as in the FBI boss has lost all credibility, respect, and moral authority. 
A former federal attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova spelled it all out in a WMAL radio interview last Friday just hours after the news was released that Comey had sent a letter informing Congress that the case is being reopened. DiGenova said that with an open revolt brewing inside the FBI, Comey was forced to go public on Friday with reopening the investigation. The former DC attorney added that the FBI investigators discovered more emails on a phone confiscated from the former New York Congressman and separated husband Anthony Weiner that also included his wife and longtime Hillary's right-hand woman Huma Abedin's communications that allegedly bear pertinent relevance to the Hillary case. Funny how things have a karmic way of coming full circle – the Clintons first introduced Weiner and Abedin 15 years ago and they married a half dozen years ago. 
In a separate FBI investigation involving Weiner's alleged sexting messages with a 15-year old minor , the phone in question was handed over to the FBI. The investigating teams of both the Weiner and Hillary cases compared notes and apparently additional emails not already issued by WikiLeaks or already in FBI possession recently came to light on Weiner's phone . The legions of rank and file FBI agents were already fuming over Comey's complete ethical and legal lapses in his choice not to indict Hillary. Joe diGenova believes that FBI personnel forced Comey's hand to reopen the investigation after giving him the ultimatum that if he failed to do so, the FBI defiantly would. According to diGenova, this latest plot twist only proves that: 
The original investigation was not thorough, and that it was an incompetent investigation. 
Otherwise, had a real investigation been conducted, that Weiner phone used by both Anthony and Huma would have been picked up by the FBI and its contents thoroughly scrutinized long before now. 
In addition to stating the obvious, that the higher-up feds had already made the decision to not consequence Hillary for her crimes, speculating on why that phone was not already submitted to the FBI as evidence, the former DC attorney concluded: 
There could be one explanation: Huma Abedin may have denied that any other phone existed, and if she did, she committed a felony. She lied to the FBI just like General Cartwright , and if she did, she's dead meat, and Comey knows it, and there's nothing he can do about it. 
Finally, diGenova dropped one more bombshell in Friday's interview. An inside source has revealed to him that the laptops belonging to key Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, both wrongly granted immunity , were not destroyed after all as previously reported, but have been secretly kept intact by investigating FBI agents refusing to destroy incriminating evidence as part of the in-house whitewash. Additionally like their boss, Hillary's aides also sent classified material using private servers. On top of that, longtime aide Cheryl Mills on multiple occasions has perjured herself lying under oath for the Clinton crime family, tasked with 'cleaning up' (aka covering up) their countless scandals over the past several decades. Indeed the whole Clinton entourage not already 'mysteriously' winding up in the growing Clinton dead pool are all unindicted criminals protected by the corrosively corrupt DC cronyism where backroom deals (a la Bill's airport ambush) are brokered based on whatever dirt's been gathered and used as bargaining blackmail chips against all parties involved. That's how the Washington crowd stays immune from any and all accountability as well as stays alive. Violate that crime syndicate code of conduct and you lose your life as more recent victims earlier this year have. 
In a 'leaked' memo to his FBI that surfaced on Fox Friday night, Comey outlined his reasons for reopening the case in light of the new information the director believes would have ultimately been leaked to Congress and the public anyway. So in full damage control/CYA mode, the beleaguered director now going public really had no choice in the matter. His underlings were chomping at the bit to both out and oust him. In an obvious attempt to weakly claim some moral high ground, Comey wrote in his memo: 
I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. 
Though his leadership and character are perceived by the vast majority of both FBI personnel as well as American citizens to presently lay in ruin as a pathetically shameful stain and humiliating joke on both the FBI organization and Washington in general, James Comey appears to be feebly attempting to save his own career and reputation for appearing now to 'come clean.' But make no mistake, his moral turpitude displayed throughout this Hillary debacle from early 2015 to now has over-exposed him as a total lackey and fraud, so at this late stage of the game, redemption is not even an option. But the criminal misconduct, rampant corruption and diabolical evil committed by those at the highest puppet levels of federal power, and especially the elite puppet masters controlling them, their sins produce far more devastating consequences than this morally lacking man in the middle of this latest controversy. 
Because there is no way that the FBI will properly conclude this part 2 of the Hillary investigation saga before the November 8 th election, Hillary, and her Democrats are predictably crying foul , demanding that the FBI immediately disclose what it has, which of course is a moot point that won't happen. It seems highly unlikely that the email texts from Abedin and Weiner found on his phone would not contain clear criminal evidence that implicates Hillary. Since Hillary was the globalist choice after Obama was selected in 2008, it seems unlikely that the puppet masters would not permit this latest development to even occur. But then perhaps the ruling elite is pulling the plug on Hillary, concluding that she simply carries too much liability baggage with her deteriorating health condition and never-ending scandals, maybe the globalists are rethinking an alternative replacement like her obnoxiously aggressive VP candidate, the Jesuit-trained and educated Tim Kaine. 
That said, there are some cynics who believe that this recent odd turn is the last ditch desperado attempt being staged to overturn Trump winning by a landslide. This conjectured scenario goes something like this: a few days prior to the election the FBI will once again 'clear' Hillary of all charges. This, in turn, would offer her the last minute much needed boost being able to cash in on her worn out persecution complex , plagued forever by her 'right wing conspiracy' theory against the 'much maligned' woman of destiny. 
In response to all her scandals, Hillary's M.O. has always been to falsely blame some villainous sinister force. This year it's been Putin hacking into her emails, and Trump, Putin, and Assange colluding and plotting behind her back. She's always been as paranoid as Richard Nixon , attempting to deflect the heat she draws from her own skullduggery lies by constantly pointing fingers to externalize blame onto others. It's a deeply rooted pathological complex that certain tightly screwed sociopaths possess. 
This latest sudden turn of events obviously has James Comey incurring the wrath of Hillary Democrats as well as the Justice Department. By disclosing the reopened investigation so close to the election date that undoubtedly casts some influence on the potential outcome, Comey is defying his AG boss while clearly violating DOJ written policy . Lynch herself even tried to quash Comey's letter to Congress. But as diGenova alluded, by Comey's own past misdeeds (and those of his boss and Obama as well), the FBI director placed himself between this rock and a hard place by his own slipshod, half-ass probe failing to acquire Weiner's phone the first time around. 
The entire sordid affair of this year's totally rigged political election – pre-fixed in Hillary's favor – blatantly reveals to America the gross misnomer of the US 'justice' system being two-tiered, one for elitist crime cabal bosses like Hillary and the other for the rest of us 99% no longer protected in a totalitarian police state by our once rule of law the US Constitution. Regardless of what happens in the future, the truth genie's already been let out of the bag, and for eyes open enough to see, it's floating in the Washington cesspool of filth, debauchery and deception regularly perpetrated by our 'entrusted perps' we have as our so called leaders. 
Moreover, this year's unending batches of Wiki-leaked DNC/Hillary emails and Project Veritas undercover campaign videos confirm that the entire US political, as well as economic system, is morally and financially bankrupt, irreparably broken and in need of complete overhaul. Voter fraud and election fraud are rampant. Soros funded electronic voting machines that are preprogrammed to vote for Hillary are operating in 16 key battleground states. America's internal house now is in total disarray, badly in need of a deep cleaning purge like never before. Mainstream media is strongly biased against Trump in its blind support for Hillary . As Secretary of State she treasonously sold out our nation, placing us all at high security risk and under foreign interest control at the hands of high rolling bidders so she and her fat cats can get richer as fellow partners-in-crime from places like Saudi Arabia and Israel, destroying our once sovereign country while aiding, abetting, financing and supporting our enemies the global terrorists around the world. She helped create ISIS and plans world war against Russia, China and Iran. The traitors in our government and their globalist puppet masters – the Rothschilds, Rockefellers , the Bushes and Clintons all need to be rounded up, imprisoned and tried at The Hague for both treason and their endless crimes against humanity. The Best of Joachim Hagopian Tags: Joachim Hagopian [ ] is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled 'Don't Let The Bastards Getcha Down.' It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master's degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.com .

ARTICLE

Eric Peters Autos October 31, 2016 
Automotive good ideas gone bad range far and wide – whether it's a classic fail like the exploding Pintos of the early '70s – or a late-model train wreck like the Pontiac Aztek. 
Here are ten automotive atrocities that will be remembered for as long as the warranty claims (and class-action lawsuits) linger: 
* The entire American Motors Corp. (AMC) lineup – 
From dreadful dreadnoughts like the malformed Matador to demented detritus like the Gremlin and Pacer, no other automaker ever managed to build such a seemingly endless conga line of bizarre, poorly conceived (and often, poorly built) cars within such a short span of time (from the late 1960s to the early-mid 1970s). 
Only bankruptcy eventually succeeded in stopping the madness. Exceptions deserving of a kind word include the Javelin and AMX, which were decent efforts hobbled by AMC's perpetual lack of adequate development funds. 
* Chrysler's 'lean burn' engines – 
While Honda was developing highly efficient combustion chambers to lower engine emissions via engineering advances such as the CVCC cylinder head (which allowed the cars to meet federal exhaust emissions standards without catalytic converters) Chrysler was duct-taping its V8s with leaned-out carburetors that mainly made them even harder to start than they were before – and prone to stalling in the middle of busy intersections. 
In addition, you also got gelded performance and terrible gas mileage. 
Now you know why 'rich, Corinthian leather' never made a comeback. 
* General Motors' diesel V8 – 
Imagine a luxury car that was both slow and inefficient as well as prone to early and catastrophic engine failures and you have a taste of the bitter flavor that was the diesel-powered Oldsmobiles and Cadillacs of the late '70s and early '80s. 
These 'diesel' engines were actually converted gas engines, which (contrary to the myth) wasn't the problem. Poor quality control was. 
The resultant debacle not only soured an entire country on the otherwise perfectly sound concept it helped hustle Oldsmobile to the boneyard of automotive has-beens and nearly killed off Cadillac, too. 
* The Sterling – 
Japanese automakers rarely screw the pooch, but this was an exception. 
Back in the late 1980s, in collusion with British car maker Land Rover, Acura Legends were re-sold as 'British' Sterling 825s and 827s. The alliance was as enduring as the Hitler-Stalin non-aggression pact – and just as awkward. Parts for these cars – especially interior pieces – are all but impossible to find. Dealer support is nonexistent. Resale values are lower than current highs for well-worn Yugos. 
If Truman had had another bomb left to drop, the childhood home of the dude who would grow up to create Sterling would have been a worthy target. 
* Pontiac Fiero – 
A great idea ruined by upper management skinflints and con men – who thought it would be slick take Chevette underthings (front suspension, engine) and put them in a car that looked sporty and then charge the suckers top dollar. 
First-year sales were great – until the word got out. They then nose-dived into the ground like the Air France Concorde, forcing the car's cancellation just four years after it came out. Just in time to hand over the entire market for a car of this type to Mazda , which brought out the Miata a year after the Fiero was sent to the crusher. The Best of Eric Peters Tags: Eric Peters [ ] is an automotive columnist and author of Automotive Atrocities and Road Hogs (2011). Visit his website Copyright © 2016 Eric Peters

ARTICLE

Breitbart October 31, 2016 
WASHINGTON, D.C. — A review of FBI Director James Comey's professional history and relationships shows that the Obama cabinet leader — now under fire for his handling of the investigation of Hillary Clinton — is deeply entrenched in the big-money cronyism culture of Washington, D.C. His personal and professional relationships — all undisclosed as he announced the Bureau would not prosecute Clinton — reinforce bipartisan concerns that he may have politicized the criminal probe. 
These concerns focus on millions of dollars that Comey accepted from a Clinton Foundation defense contractor, Comey's former membership on a Clinton Foundation corporate partner's board, and his surprising financial relationship with his brother Peter Comey, who works at the law firm that does the Clinton Foundation's taxes. 
Lockheed Martin 
When President Obama nominated Comey to become FBI director in 2013, Comey promised the United States Senate that he would recuse himself on all cases involving former employers. 
But Comey earned $6 million in one year alone from Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin became a Clinton Foundation donor that very year. 
Comey served as deputy attorney general under John Ashcroft for two years of the Bush administration. When he left the Bush administration, he went directly to Lockheed Martin and became vice president, acting as a general counsel . 
How much money did James Comey make from Lockheed Martin in his last year with the company, which he left in 2010? More than $6 million in compensation . 
Lockheed Martin is a Clinton Foundation donor . The company admitted to becoming a Clinton Global Initiative member in 2010. 
According to records , Lockheed Martin is also a member of the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt, which paid Bill Clinton $250,000 to deliver a speech in 2010 . 
In 2010 , Lockheed Martin won 17 approvals for private contracts from the Hillary Clinton State Department. 
HSBC Holdings 
In 2013, Comey became a board member, a director, and a Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee member of the London bank HSBC Holdings. 
'Mr. Comey's appointment will be for an initial three-year term which, subject to re-election by shareholders, will expire at the conclusion of the 2016 Annual General Meeting,' according to HSBC company records . 
HSBC Holdings and its various philanthropic branches routinely partner with the Clinton Foundation . For instance, HSBC Holdings has partnered with Deutsche Bank through the Clinton Foundation to 'retrofit 1,500 to 2,500 housing units, primarily in the low- to moderate-income sector' in 'New York City.' 
'Retrofitting' refers to a Green initiative to conserve energy in commercial housing units. Clinton Foundation records show that the Foundation projected ' $1 billion in financing ' for this Green initiative to conserve people's energy in low-income housing units.

ARTICLE

DaisyLuther.com October 31, 2016 
According to a report in the New Yorker, James Comey, Big Kahuna of the FBI, went full-on cowboy in releasing details of the new Clinton email inquiry. Apparently, the Department of Justice advised him not to release the information just days before the presidential election. 
Gosh. I wonder if the same advice would have been given if it was Donald Trump who was being investigated by the FBI. 
Comey explained his decision in a letter to FBI employees : 
'We don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.' 
The DoJ – and by DoJ I mean Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who famously had a secret meeting on an airport tarmac with Bill Clinton to talk about her non-existent grandchildren – is implying that Comey is not playing fair and that the move is inconsistent with the rules which have been designed to make it seem like they are not interfering in an election. 
Here's Comey's letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee: 
Really? 
The DoJ thinks that the public shouldn't know that the person they may be voting for is being investigated by the FBI? 
That's the most absurd thing I have heard for quite some time, and considering this election, that's really saying something. 
This is from the New Yorker report, emphasis mine. 
On Friday, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch , sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton's private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise . 
Comey's decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ( source ) 
Is this investigation the iceberg to HRC's Titanic campaign? 
Hillary Clinton has said she finds the development 'unprecedented and deeply troubling.' (source ) 
Oh, I'll bet she does. 
I'll bet if Trump had been the target of the investigation she would have been up on the stage, gripping the podium to stay upright, saying how wonderful it was that Comey decided to break the news so that voters could be aware that they might be voting for someone who was suspected of having broken federal laws. I'll bet she'd be saying that the public has a right to know if a candidate was under investigation. I'll bet she'd take the high road and say that those elected to the office of President of the United States have to be above and beyond reproach. 
Of course, when it's her, things are a little different, aren't they? 
We do have a right to know. We absolutely have a right to know that a person who could be elected to know all of the secrets was careless when she only knew some of the secrets. It seems like a no-brainer that the public should know that a candidate is being investigated for a second time for being criminally negligent with information entrusted to her. 
And the fact that we know has severely damaged Clinton's campaign. Although previous polls were incredibly skewed to the point of being outright fake , it looks like the mainstream is now trying to save face with a new batch of polls. A poll from ABC news and the Washington Post , both hotbeds of liberal voters, has shown that her lead has dropped to within a single point over Donald Trump due to the Clinton email scandal. 
'About a third of likely voters say they're less likely to support Clinton given FBI Director James Comey's disclosure Friday that the bureau is investigating more emails related to its probe of Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. ' 
Finally, some people are actually paying attention to the character of Hillary Clinton. 
But it may not be enough. There was one finding that was astonishing to me, even though it probably shouldn't be: 
'Given other considerations, 63 percent say it makes no difference.' 
Meanwhile, on social media, the FBI emails are somehow not a trending topic. It certainly appears that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, and Buzzfeed are blacking out the topic. 
My biggest question is this: Why now? 
Why did James Comey, who has probably committed career suicide, along with a potential actual 'suicide' via a shot to the back of his own head like others who have run afoul of the Clintons, feel the need to break the news, particularly after giving her a pass during the last investigation? 
Opponents will jump on the fact that he's a Republican and will say that he did it for political reasons. 
They won't admit that perhaps he felt guilty for being complicit in letting her off the hook in the first investigation into the Clinton email negligence. 
They will never, ever admit that maybe his integrity and belief in the office he holds made it impossible for him to keep quiet until after the election and that, perhaps, when he was given a chance to right a previous wrong, he took it. 
Clinton isn't taking it gracefully. 
Clinton's complaints, which have appeared in the press around the world, make her look even worse than she did before. 
This is from The Telegraph , a UK publication: 
Hillary Clinton was furiously fighting to keep her Presidential bid on track on Saturday night as her lead in the polls narrowed, after the FBI's bombshell announcement that it had reopened its investigation into her emails. 
James Comey announced on Friday afternoon that fresh evidence had emerged for his investigation into whether Mrs Clinton was criminally negligent in her handling of classified material. 
On Saturday, the latest poll of polls by tracker site RealClearPolitics put Clinton 3.9 percentage points ahead of the Republican nationwide, down from 7.1 points just 10 days previously. 
But wait – it gets better: 
The Clinton campaign has responded with what amounts to a declaration of open warfare against Mr Comey, alleging that his actions are backed by a political motive. And Mrs Clinton herself called the decision 'unprecedented' and 'deeply troubling'. 
'It's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,' she complained, addressing cheering supporters at a rally in the must-win state of Florida. 
Democrats questioned the timing of the agency's decision, which comes as polls showed Mrs Clinton's lead falling just 10 days before the presidential election. 
'This is like an 18-wheeler smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,' said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. 
'The campaign is trying to cut through the noise as best it can. 
'We don't want it to knock us off our game. But on the second-to-last weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, 'Keep your focus, keep your eyes on the prize.'' 
Hillary's campaign manager sounds pretty desperate to me. As for the complaints from HRC, they just make her sound like the out-of-touch, money-grabbing, power-hungry, deceitful

ARTICLE

Bel Marra Health October 31, 2016 
Here's a snapshot of America's health when it comes to the heart: Heart disease is the number one killer. High blood pressure is a contributing cause of about 1,000 deaths a day – and one in every three American adults has the condition. About seven in 10 don't realize it, putting them at risk for heart attack, stroke, heart failure, and kidney disease. 
About seven in 10 adults with high blood pressure use medication to control it. 
That's according to the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). 
While we're not quibbling with the necessity for medication to get blood pressure under control, there are natural remedies for high blood pressure, including spices and herbs that can help. Since keeping your blood pressure in the healthy range is something you need to do all your life, it's better to control it without drugs, if you can. 
Natural home remedies for high blood pressure 
You've likely heard a lot about lifestyle factors that can have a huge impact on your blood pressure, like stress, alcohol, lack of exercise, smoking, and diet. The most important of these, in our books, is a heart-healthy diet. Focus on watching your salt intake (and balancing it with more potassium from foods like bananas, lima beans, melons, and squash), limit your sugar, and cut down on caffeine. 
As part of your heart-healthy diet, consider the following spices and medicinal herbs to lower high blood pressure. You can incorporate them into your cooking, baking, and meal prep – as a little extra something to help your heart. They're nature's way of providing us with the good things we need to stay healthy. 
Medicinal herbs and spices to lower blood pressure quickly 
Basil: This is good news for cooks and foodies. Versatile, fragrant basil for lowering blood pressure is a great addition to many culinary favorites. Tear some fresh basil leaves and sprinkle liberally on your next pizza or bruschetta, use for a Thai curry, or try it chopped and beaten into softened butter and melted over roast chicken or crushed boiled new potatoes. 
Try keeping a small of the herb in your kitchen garden (for easy, fresh access) and then it's even more convenient to add to your cooking on a regular basis. 
Tasty, yes, and good for helping to lower your blood pressure. The U.S. National Library of Medicine reports that extract of basil has been shown to lower blood pressure, although only briefly. But that's a start to get you on track. It may work in a similar way to medication by affecting levels of endothelins, which are proteins that constrict blood vessels. When blood vessels are constricted, blood flow is slowed down or partially blocked – not good! 
You need good blood flow for circulation and overall health. Your body depends on the nutrients and oxygen in your blood to be carried efficiently through your veins and arteries. 
Garlic: Another kitchen staple and one of the top natural remedies for supporting healthy blood flow, this pungent seasoning brings wonderful flavor to foods. Add it fresh to your dishes, like soups, stews, and stir-fries. 
If it's a little on the strong side for your preference, roast it first in the oven. Trim the end off the bulb and drizzle a bit of olive oil over each exposed clove. Then cover with aluminum foil and bake at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for about 30 to 35 minutes. Try spreading this deliciousness on party toasts at your next gathering. 
Not only addictive and good to eat, garlic can help with healthy blood flow (good for your heart and blood pressure). 
Cardamom: This seasoning comes from India (think fragrant chai tea) and is often used in traditional dishes of South Asia. It has a sweet flavor similar to grapefruit and ginger, if you can imagine that. Scientists in India have studied its effects on blood pressure, and recommend a teaspoon of cardamom powder taken with honey twice a day for healthy blood pressure. 
Other options? Include cardamom seeds or powder in soups and stews, spice rubs, and in baked goods for a kick and a positive health benefit. 
Cat's claw: When it comes to medicinal herbs to lower high blood pressure, cat's claw has been used in China for thousands of years. Studies have suggested its effectiveness. According to the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), rhynchophylline, an alkaloid or certain organic compound in cat's claw, has demonstrated an ability inhibiting both the formation of plaque on arterial walls and formation of blood clots in the brain, heart, and arteries. 
You'll find cat's claw in supplement form in health stores and supplement sections at your supermarket. 
Celery seed: Another herb popular in traditional Chinese medicine, celery seed has been used to help with hypertension. You can use the seeds to flavor soups, casseroles, and other savory dishes – and you can also juice the whole plant. It has a salty taste, making it a good mix with the sweeter fruit juices. Try carrot, apple, and celery first thing in the morning for a terrific pick-me-up. It's a nutrient powerhouse in a glass. You might like it better than your morning coffee (we said might!). 
Celery in your diet can act as a natural diuretic, so its potassium and sodium content helps to regulate body fluids. It also has a nutrient called phthalide, reported to promote cardiovascular health. 
These are a few medicinal herbs to lower high blood pressure. As you can see, going the natural route is an appetizing one. So start with your diet, and spend more time in your kitchen preparing fresh, whole foods and sampling these heart-healthy herbs and spices. Tags:

ARTICLE

Ready Nutrition October 31, 2016 
Did you know that the White House is currently coordinating with Homeland Security to make preparations for a possible solar storm that could bring an end to civilization as we know it? An Executive Order published on October 13, by the Obama administration shows an increasing concern among White House officials about 'solar flares, solar energetic particles and geomagnetic disturbances,' following a solar event which generated a Category G2 geomagnetic storm on October 8. This action could likely mean that we have an imminent solar threat in our near future. A solar discharge of great magnitude could mean entire countries could be without electricity, civil unrest and countless lives lost. If federal officials are preparing for this sort of disaster, we have enough reason to arm ourselves with the knowledge of what we might face. 
Prepare for any disaster step-by-step 
What are CMEs? 
Coronal Mass Ejections (CMEs) are violent explosions of plasma originating from the Sun's corona, out of which energized particles and powerful magnetic domains emerge as fast as 3,000 kilometers per second. A CME has an associated shock wave and electromagnetic pulse (EMP) that can travel toward the Earth and interrupt satellites and power grids around the planet. There are currently no public disclosures of CMEs being detected, but there is a significant geomagnetic storm event beginning, combined with the Executive Order previously mentioned, gives cause for concern about the possibility of a CME striking our planet in the near future. 
A recent report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Space Weather Prediction Center predicts a Category G2 geomagnetic storm from October 24 – 26. An aurora borealis is projected to be seen in the skies above New York to Wisconsin to Washington state, and interruption to satellites and power lines are expected. 
It is possible that this particular storm is not the result of a CME, but in order to be prepared, one must first know what disasters may lie ahead and plan accordingly. 
Here are 5 catastrophic consequences of a major CME hitting the Earth and changing life as we know it: 
Satellite Disruption 
If there was a high-magnitude impact of solar energy and particles, we would see an immediate response on low-Earth orbiting weather, communications, and military satellites. Some satellites could be crippled for up to a decade . The first sign that a major CME is about to strike will be a loss of connection with or permanent failure of a portion of low-Earth orbiting satellites and their associated infrastructure. The shock wave, in combination with an EMP, would likely cause significant disruption of GPS signals, possibly creating long-term failures across the global navigation satellite system. This would have disastrous implications for commercial airplanes and ships, many of which rely on GPS guidance systems for landing and docking, and a failure of timing on either of these systems could put countless lives at risk. Seismic stations, computer network synchronization and many electric power grids across the world rely on GPS clocks. Geomagnetic disturbances associated with CMEs are known to disrupt GPS clocks through interference of high frequency radio signals in both air and ground transmission. Here is some more information on EMPs.

ARTICLE

https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/weinergate/ 
The name given to the latest Clinton Crime Family brouhaha by a Baltimore radio talk show host. 6:46 am on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

Christopher Manion https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/threats-real/ 
Back in the 1980s, I was involved in Senate hearings that exposed some of the corruption in the Mexican government, business elites, police, and the military. 
We were only touching the tip of the iceberg, of course, but the State Department vehemently opposed us nonetheless (yes, there were neocons there then as well). 
The hearings were ignored in the States, but they raised Hell in Mexico, and that meant that it raised Hell in the coven of apparatchiks at State as well. They did their best to retaliate, and, fortunately, the leader of the pack pleaded years later to federal charges of lying to Congress ('Hey, doesn't everybody???!!') on another matter (Sometimes the chickens do come home to roost.). 
But the Mexican corruptos were a different breed. Nobody was going to bring them to justice – the ruling PRI (then and now) was seamlessly coordinating and cooperating with the drug gangs, the military killers, and the corrupt elites. 
Several years later, I planned to attend a conference in Mexico City – where I used to live, but had not visited since our hearings. Then, out of nowhere, at a social function, a diplomat from the Embassy of Mexico in Washington approached me and said, 'I hear you're going to Mexico.' (How did she know?) 
'Go nowhere alone,' she said sternly. 'Stay in your hotel after dark. Travel only with the other conferees on the bus (she knew everything about this very non-political conference). And NEVER hail a cab!' 
So there I was. I couldn't go to the Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe. I couldn't go visit old friends in their homes. I couldn't even go look at the house in Colonia Polanco where Stalin's secret agent from Barcelona killed Leon Trotsky with a pickaxe. 
So I asked this generous woman, who was probably risking her career, why she was telling me this. 
'They have long memories. They have a kill list. I've seen it,' she said. 
Period. 
The (im)moral of the story: Death threats are real. So this recent headline caught my attention: 
Dave Schippers, who served as the Chief Investigative Counsel for the House Judiciary Committee's probe into whether Bill Clinton committed impeachable offenses, is 'terrified by Hillary Clinton.' 
Read it . He wanted to investigate everything, including the corruption, the cattle futures, the murders – not only Vince Foster's, but all those folks in Arkansas But he was waved off. He read every single document that had been collected on the breadth and depth of the Clinton Corruption Machine, but he was stiffed by unidentified higher-ups. 
Ever since, he's watched his back. I'm sure that he can't walk around alone at night, or hail a cab on a busy street, or take his kids to the park. 
Why? Because death threats are real. Ignore them and you die.

ARTICLE

Thomas DiLorenzo https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/obamas-definition-high-integrity/ 
When Obama's press secretary was asked today what he thought of Dirty Donna Brazile's rigging of the Democratic debates by giving Hitlery the questions (from CNN, where she worked but has now been fired) in advance, he responded by praising her as 'a person of the highest integrity.' 
To the lunatic left fringe their ends always justify any means. 6:41 pm on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

What is Hillary Clinton hiding in her e-mails: Deleted, undeleted, attempted deleted, bleached and unbleached? 
Here's a checklist of general possibilities. 
Her role and knowledge concerning Benghazi. Her role and knowledge concerning arms shipments to Syria from Libya. Her health condition. Her access to debate questions before the debate. Her access to electronic devices during the debates. Her role and knowledge in sabotaging the Sanders campaign. Her role and knowledge in handling the Democratic convention. Her role and knowledge in attacks upon Trump, including linking him to Russia. Her dealings with donors to the Clinton Foundation. Her attempts to derail the FBI investigation and charges, including her husband meeting with the Attorney General. Her actual state of knowledge and attitude about using a personal server. Anything that would contradict her sworn testimony. Her relationship with Huma Abedin and the latter's husband, both personal and official. The methods by which Bill Clinton and she benefited monetarily and personally while she was Secretary of State, especially through the Clinton Foundation. Her involvement in having e-mails deleted and bleached. Anything that might reveal her level of incompetence. Anything that might reveal the negatives of her personality. Her methods and involvement in soliciting political contributions. 5:39 pm on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/de-industrialization-natural-phenomenon-developed-economies/ 
The decline in industrial production is in many ways the product of government interventionism. Jörg Guido Hülsmann explains . 4:38 pm on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/public-faith-elections-falls-state-grows/ 
The more powerful the state becomes, the higher the stakes are in each election. Thus, people become more fearful and suspicious of election outcomes. 4:38 pm on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

Becky Akers https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/admittedly-ingenious-low/ 
' Before Comey's letter to Congress, Clinton's campaign had watched with mixed feelings as her standing in poll after poll improved and Trump faltered amid a string of sexual assault accusations. 'In the last week, I think the Clinton campaign was worried it was going to become too easy and that people would feel that,' said Mo Elleithee, who worked on Clinton's failed 2008 presidential campaign. 'Now there's a reason for all of our supporters to believe it's going to be hard.'' 
And so Hitlary's 'campaign now has a way to convince Democrats who might have considered skipping voting that their nominee needs their support.' 
Are there no depths to which the media's blatantly biased, utterly craven curs won't sink? 4:26 pm on October 31, 2016

ARTICLE

By Christopher Manion November 1, 2016 
'Most voters see America as a divided nation and only expect things to get worse over the next year no matter who the next president is,' reports Rasmussen Polls 
Oh dear. What shall we do'? 
Start with Hillary's primal scream: 'Those nasty Russians are trying to destroy our democracy, and Donald Trump is helping them!' 
The perpetration of this ideological fiction so hilariously concocted by the bottom-feeders in Clinton campaign is bad enough; that the hapless Nobel-Peace-Prize-winner-foreign-policy-disaster Narcissist-In-Chief jumps aboard is farce itself. 
'The Russians Are coming' routine is designed not merely to distract any Americans who might still know where Russia is from the corruption of the Obama-Clinton regime. It has a future purpose, more sinister and more profound than its immediate purpose of merely manipulating the gullible. 
After the election, should Hillary's criminals be able to pull off a victory, half the country will be boiling in contempt and resentment, not ignorant fear but informed and righteous anger, at the corruptos who control the Bipartisan National Establishment. 
These naysayers will be the establishment's enemy, and a President Hillary will have to bring them to heel. 
Here's how. 
If there is a single bureaucracy in Washington that has not been infected fatally with the disease, we don't know about it. And so, after the election, there will be no time to waste for the Establishment Mafia – not to allay the defiance of their detested Deplorables, but to manipulate it. 
The bipartisan establishment hates the military, of course, but it is willing to use wars and the rumors of wars to line its own pockets, expand its commercial interests, and satisfy its insatiable desire for power. At the same time, as we learned from Lyndon Johnson and George W. Bush, the establishment doesn't actually want the military to win wars – because that means peace will be at hand, and that is not good for the establishment. 
Better to have chaos. 
'Hey, they need our help!' 
So they load the military with PC crap, solar panels, pregnant sailors and puny grunts, all guaranteed to have access to a generous dollop of the degenerating sex of any variety. Nothing like having critical personnel take long leaves to have their babies or their sex-change operations while on duty. 
Well, we go to war with the military we have, but we do need war: after all, as we edge closer to Orwell's vision of the future and away from Huxley's, it is a permanent war that will keep the masses at bay – by keeping them occupied and keeping them subjugated. 
In 1916, Wilson ran on the mantra, 'He kept us out of war!' A majority of Americans opposed getting involved in Europe's mess, but Wilson found a critical ally in the Catholic Primate of America, James Cardinal Gibbons of Baltimore. 
America was 'divided' then, too, in a sense: Anti-Catholicism was real and widespread among the Protestant elites (few care today that the KKK hates Catholic a lot more than it hates Jews or Blacks). 
So Gibbons defied his own Pope (Benedict XV) and told Wilson that Catholics would fight for their country. Right or wrong, he feared a backlash against the 'Papists' who were 'loyal to a foreign power.' 
Conscripted Catholics could not refuse to serve. 'Division' was ended – by war. 
A quarter-century later, Roosevelt's administration was a socialist disaster. In running for his own third term, he mouthed the peaceful pleasantries that resonated the firm desire of the American people to stay out another one of Europe's wars. Of course, he had already sold his soul to the internationalists who insisted otherwise. So he had to lie. 
Lucky for FDR in 1940, he didn't have Donald Trump to run against. 
But Hillary does, and while 'Crooked Franklin' confronted strong opposition from the heartland, Bush and Obama have successfully eviscerated everything west of the East Coast. 
Today the establishment has no formal competition, and the Military-Industrial-Financial-Etcetera Complex has been inoculated with the ideology of the Clinton generation of the 60s – communists, proven terrorists, liars, and their simpering useful idiots gorging at the trough. 
But now, 100 million Americans know the score. They are patriots in the old sense of the term. They love their patria – their fatherland. That implies that they have a pedigree – an aristocratic anachronism that the Left hates, of course. They have a home, a neighborhood, a church, a family, and the community that they love. 
That is also hateful to the Left, which has attempted over the years to destroy communities everywhere with all sorts of 'civil rights' pretexts drawn from class envy – to the point where today we are commanded to welcome the stranger who has been brought up, south of the border and in the Middle East, to hate America, everything it stands for, because it is the source of their suffering. 
As Lord Peter Bauer cryptically explained, they all grew up believing that 'their poverty is our fault.' 
And so the Left will demand war. To keep the peace (a.k.a. Martial Law) domestically, they will follow Stalin's practice of bringing in troops of different ethnic backgrounds to police resistant neighborhoods and communities. Conscripted inner-city black youths will be sent to predominantly white communities to 'pacify' them, while conscripted rural whites will be sent to gang-infested Latino enclaves, and so on. 
Having effectively and intentionally weakened the military itself with gay activists, PC blather, purging of well-meaning patriots, and the rest, they will nonetheless send it into battle to keep the plunderers of the military-industrial complex well oiled with taxpayer cash. 
What about victory? As Robert Strange McNamara and Clark Clifford had to slowly and clearly explain to LBJ, 'victory' is not what we're about here; in fact, the longer the war the better. 
We are at war with Al Queda and Syria is our ally. We are at war with Syria and Al Queda is our ally. 
Both can be true at once – even though both are false. DoubleThink rules. 
Here's the dirty little secret of their enterprise: while the Establishment hates the military, there still resides among the Deplorables a nostalgic, patriotic allegiance to the military. These people might hate the establishment, but they love their country more. The corrupters, confident that they now have the major persuasive public organs at their command, will immediately go into high gear identifying that patriotism with the New War of the corruptos . 
There will be one avenue of resistance that falls outside the mold: millions of millennials hate both the establishment and war. One might believe, therefore, that these draft-eligible millions (both men and women now registered with the Selective Service) would be strong opponents of the war, as were their grandparents during the Vietnam era. But not to worry: the corruptos will encourage those socialists to enter government service at all levels, to stay in school (free college!) as long as they do it to defend socialism, and otherwise to support the war effort without having to take part in it. 
No, the cannon fodder will be drawn from the ranks of the deplorable trash – the millennials whose families had been impoverished, whose communities have been destroyed, whose futures are so bleak that being drafted will not be so much a disaster as a means of feeding their families. 
The thought police have it all figured out. Of course, there will be pockets of resistance – but war is the health of the state and a fatal disease to its dissenting and resisting subjects. Those who pose a real danger will easily be identified with the help of the NSA – how laughable that Hillary blamed the Russians! – And they will be dealt with in many ways easy to predict. Some will be isolated, some will be disappeared, and some will be sent to fight for their country – the way David had Joab send Uriah the Hittite to the front lines to be conveniently killed so that David could satisfy this salacious carnal desires with Bathsheba. 
The Establishment Hot Tub is full of Bathshebas. 
Hillary's hordes (America's legacy media) have created this myth about Russia to deflect attention (as usual) from reality. One might consider this a cute ploy, but this sets the stage for a very dangerous consequence which she if elected, will find it hard to avoid. 
Namely, war with Russia. 
Perhaps they don't teach 1984 anymore in high schools. Pity. Our youth (who will be drafted to fight this endless carnage) have never heard of the daily 'Two Minutes Hate' at the Ministry of Truth. 
Yet Hillary throws this out there, as a self-serving temporary device, ignorant of the long-term consequences. 
If she wins she will face a bevy of threats – from Congress, a rebellious FBI, more lawsuits, and general chaos. 
There is only one way a Leftist can imagine 'uniting' such a country: 
War. 
And when it comes, we will no longer be permitted to explain it rationally. In the tradition of Father Abraham, who jailed thousands during the War Between the States, Hillary will have to act forcefully 'to preserve the Republic.' 
In the spirit of Tom Lehrer, 'If we're going to write any songs about World War Three, we'd better write them now!' The Best of Christopher Manion Tags: Christopher Manion [ ] a Catholic teacher and writer, is president of Manion Music, LLC , which produces copyrighted, royalty-free music collections for telecommunications media and commercial and hospitality sites that use background music or music-on-hold. He writes from the Shenandoah Valley, where he is a volunteer Spanish translator for local law enforcement. Copyright © 2016 Christopher Manion

ARTICLE

Thomas DiLorenzo https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/lying-cnn-scum/ 
The Clinton News Network's (CNN) 'official statement' announcing that it fired Dirty Donna Brazile for giving Hitlery debate questions in advance of the CNN primary debate is that it is 'uncomfortable' with the fact that Dirty Donna was working hand in hand with the Clinton campaign while employed by CNN. Huh?! Everyone at CNN has been working hand in hand with the Clinton campaign for years. It is essentially a Clinton super pac disguised as a 'news' organization.

ARTICLE

By Bill Sardi November 1, 2016 Journalist Carl Bernstein, who played a key role in uncovering the Watergate scandal in the Nixon era, says Hillary Clinton's email fiasco is in no way 'bigger than Watergate.' [ Politico Oct 29, 2016] But Watergate was a simple break-in at a Democrat electioneering office. Hillary Clinton not only operated her email system outside normal security procedures but did so to hide the fact she was operating her pay-to-play schemes at the State Department and was lining her pockets with millions of dollars in the process. Hillary Clinton literally put the State Department up for sale says a report published in the New York Post. [ New York Post Aug 9, 2016] Even more criminal is that the Democrat Party is attempting to cover up Clinton's scheme that keeps offering favors to even foreign donors to the Clinton Foundation, making the Democrat Party a complicit to criminal activity (as if that is something new to them). The Justice Department sought to bar the Justice Department (FBI) from proceeding ahead with its investigation of Hillary's emails, which is the reason why Anthony Weiner's emails were not scrutinized early on. [ Daily Mail UK Oct 31, 2016] Is America going to elect Hillary Clinton and watch her use her power to appoint an Attorney General and a new FBI chief to get off the hook? Hillary Clinton may still be under investigation after she is elected. [ Daily Mail UK Oct 30, 2016] Hillary Clinton could go to prison for 20 years if charged with obstruction of justice. [ Info Wars Oct 31, 2016] Expect a Presidential pardon if that ever happens. While Hillary Clinton is now playing the role of victim of an 'October Surprise' that the FBI chose to run against her, 24 years ago Bill Clinton cheered an 11 th -hour indictment in his bid for reelection. [ Washington Examiner Oct 30-2016] Meanwhile, another email gets uncovered where Hillary Clinton's top aides were drooling over a Super Pac that planned to work hand-in-hand with Hillary Clinton's campaign, something that is legally forbidden. As Hillary's team ponders this development, one of Hillary's top aides says in her email: 'That's fine. But skirting if not violating the law doesn't help her INMHO' (slang/acronym: in my humble opinion). [ Zerohedge.com Oct 31, 2016] Hillary Clinton opened her last week of campaigning with a TV advertisement that revisits the 1964 'Daisy' ad that attempts to claim Trump is a reckless leader who can't be trusted with the 'bug red button' that would launch a nuclear war. Clinton has said there is only a 4-minute window to decide to launch a nuclear war. [ Washington Post Oct 31, 2016] The irony is that a vote for Hillary Clinton has been said to be a vote for war. CNN has been caught drumming up a claim that Donald Trump urged his supporters to vote multiple times. [ Mediaite.com Oct 30, 2016] The Best of Bill Sardi Tags: Bill Sardi [ ] is a frequent writer on health and political topics. His health writings can be found at www.naturalhealthlibrarian.com . His latest book is Downsizing Your Body . Copyright © 2016 Bill Sardi Word of Knowledge Agency, San Dimas, California. This article has been written exclusively for www.LewRockwell.com and other parties who wish to refer to it should link rather than post at other URLs.

ARTICLE

GaryNorth.com November 1, 2016 
Here is a video of a recent protest at the University of California, Berkeley, the nation's most academically prestigious tax-funded university. It is the premier state school today. It was in 1964. It was in 1880. 
This is not a threat to the social order. It is an annoyance for students who want to go to class. 
WHERE AND WHEN THE SIXTIES BEGAN 
On September 10, 1964, the Free Speech Movement began at Berkeley. Almost no one remembers why. 
The University's Board of Regents had long imposed restrictions on what kinds of recruiting were possible on school property. Everyone involved in student government knew the rules. Every group had to be approved: fraternities, sororities, religious groups, and political activists. The underlying motivation, more than anything, was to restrict religious proselytizing: the church/state separation issue. 
There were almost no conservative political groups on any of the six campuses (San Diego was opening with under 200 undergraduates that semester). As an undergraduate, I was probably the hardest core right-winger in any of the student governments on the five campuses. I had been involved in student government. I had been president of the sophomore class (1960) and president of the Associated Men Students (1961). I was part of an elite group of campus leaders called the California Club. The president of the University, Clark Kerr, met with us once year. 
In the fall of 1964, a 26-foot strip of land close to the Berkeley campus on Telegraph Avenue had long been used by Left-wing activists for recruiting. They set up tables at the beginning of the school year. In early September, the University's administration learned that this strip of land was actually inside the boundaries of the campus. So, the rules governing recruiting applied. 
The Assistant Dean of Students, Katherine Towle, decided to enforce the rules. She sent out a letter on September 14. 
'Provisions of the policy of The Regents concerning `Use of University Facilities' will be strictly enforced in all areas designated as property of The Regents… including the 26-foot strip of brick walkway at the campus entrance on Bancroft Way and Telegraph Avenue…''Specifically, Section III of the (Regents') policy…prohibits the use of University facilities `for the purpose of soliciting party membership or supporting or opposing particular candidates or propositions in local, state or national elections,' except that Chief Campus Officers `shall establish rules under which candidates for public office (or their designated representatives) may be afforded like opportunity to speak upon the campuses at meetings where the audience is limited to the campus community.' Similarly, Chief Campus Officers 'shall establish rules under which persons supporting or opposing propositions in state or local elections may be afforded like opportunity to speak upon the campuses at meetings where the audience is limited to the campus community.' 
'Section III also prohibits the use of University facilities `for the purpose of religious worship, exercise or conversion.' Section IV of the policy states further that University facilities `may not be used for the purpose of raising money to aid projects not directly connected with some authorized activity of the University…' 
'Now that the so-called `speaker ban' is gone, and the open forum is a reality, student organizations have ample opportunity to present to campus audiences on a `special event' basis an unlimited number of speakers on a variety of subjects, provided the few basic rules concerning notification and sponsorship are observed… The `Hyde Park' area in the Student Union Plaza is also available for impromptu, unscheduled speeches by students and staff. 
'It should be noted also that this area on Bancroft Way… has now been added to the list of designated areas for the distribution of handbills, circulars or pamphlets by University students and staff in accordance with Berkeley campus policy. Posters, easels and card tables will not be permitted in this area because of interference with the flow of (pedestrian) traffic. University facilities may not, of course, be used to support or advocate off-campus political or social action. 
'We ask for the cooperation of every student and student organization in observing the full implementation of these policies. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to come to the Office of the Dean of Students, 201 Sproul Hall.' 
This was reasonable. She was enforcing the rules. The Best of Gary North Tags: Gary North [ ] is the author of Mises on Money . Visit http://www.garynorth.com . He is also the author of a free 31-volume series, An Economic Commentary on the Bible . Copyright © 2016 Gary North

ARTICLE

MarcFaberBlog.com November 1, 2016 
It's nonsense to claim that inflation is only going up 1 percent per year in the United States. The cost of living of a typical family is going up much more than that—insurance, transportation, schooling are all going up. 
For example, health care premiums for insurance policies [are rising], so the typical household is being squeezed. The central banks don't care about that; they don't look at it.. 
I suppose the system will collapse before we become like Venezuela. In the West, if they start to print money, the end game will be brief. Within five years, I expect the system to implode. 
You better ask the bureaucrats what their plans are. They had zero rates since December 2008; soon eight years [passed], and that hasn't boosted economic activity for the average household, not in Japan nor the United States nor the EU. Now they talk about fiscal spending. 
You better ask the bureaucrats what their plans are. They had zero rates since December 2008; soon eight years [passed], and that hasn't boosted economic activity for the average household, not in Japan nor the United States nor the EU. Now they talk about fiscal spending. 
Then they will find some academics who will blame wealth inequality on the evil capitalists who made so much money out of asset bubbles. 
They will blame the economic woes on these people. To some extent this is true. But the rich people did not create the inflated asset values; it was the central banks, by slashing interest rates to zero and negative interest rates in many countries. 
First, you create mispricings through artificially low rates and negative interest rates and you boost the income and wealth of the super-rich. It's at best the 0.1 percent that really benefit from asset inflation, at the cost of all the people that have no assets and so you have this rising wealth inequality. So we have to tax the rich people and tax them more. 
Taking money from the rich is appealing if you go to voters, and you say to them, 'Look, the reason the economy is doing so badly, it's because of the rich people, the billionaires. We have to take 20 percent away from them and give it to you.' You can be sure that everybody will vote for that because the wealthy are a minority. This is what happens after monetary policies completely fail. 
Some well-connected people will hide their wealth but a lot of people won't. Even if they take 50 percent from the richest, it's not going to help. The next step will be to take money from less wealthy people; the interventionists will go all the way. 
- Source, The Epoch Times

ARTICLE

Feds get a warrant to start search for classified info in 650,000 emails - thousands of them from her private server - on sexting Weiner's laptop. Clinton faces ongoing FBI probe even if she's elected President By Wills Robinson Daily Mail November 1, 2016 The FBI now has a warrant to read the emails from Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide, which were among hundreds of thousands discovered on Anthony Weiner's laptop. Law enforcement officials confirmed that investigators gained permission to start trawling through the 650,000 emails discovered on the laptop on Sunday evening, NBC reported. Thousands of them could be from Clinton's private server. Feds seized the laptop belonging to Weiner, Abedin's disgraced husband, in September after DailyMail.com exposed his sexting of a 15-year-old girl. In early October, agents told FBI heads they'd found emails on the laptop from Abedin that may have been deleted from Clinton's private server but their warrant did not allow them to read emails that were not linked to the Weiner investigation. The newly reopened investigation will take time due to the sheer volume of emails to be read, the Wall Street Journal reported. It will likely take agents until well past the election to assess how many, if any, contain classified information – leaving Clinton with the prospect of facing an ongoing investigation even if she is elected president. The Democratic candidate already shows signs of slipping in the polls after an ABC News/Washington Post tracker poll revealed Trump was just one point behind – an 11 point change since last week. And since FBI director James Comey's shock announcement on Friday that the Clinton private server probe was to be reopened, questions have continued to mount over Abedin's future on the Clinton campaign. She has stayed behind in New York while her boss hits the campaign trail. Abedin has pleaded ignorance about how the emails ended up on husband Weiner's laptop. She swore under oath while testifying in a lawsuit brought against the State Department by Judicial Watch that she had handed over all of her devices that could hold emails relevant to the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. If she's found to have lied she could face up to five years in jail. On Sunday, Clinton – no longer accompanied by Abedin – said at a Florida rally that she would not be 'knocked off course' by Friday's shocking development. 'I'm not stopping now, we're just getting warmed up,' she declared to a packed crowd with many gay and lesbian supporters in the city of Wilton Manors. 'We're not going to be distracted, no matter what our opponents throw at us.' Donald Trump delivered a swift kick to disgraced former Democratic congressman Weiner on Sunday, thanking him for preserving the emails that could bring Clinton down.

ARTICLE

Mises.org November 1, 2016 Inferno is a great thriller, featuring Tom Hanks reprising his role as Professor Robert Langdon. The previous movie adaptations of Dan Brown's books ( Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code ) were a success, and I expect Inferno will do well in theaters, too. Langdon is a professor of symbology whose puzzle solving skills and knowledge of history come in high demand when a billionaire leaves a trail of clues based on Dante's Inferno to a biological weapon that would halve the world's population. The villain, however, has good motives. As a radical Malthusian, he believes that the human race needs halving if it is to survive at all, even if through a plague. Malthus's name is not mentioned in the movie, but his ideas are certainly there. Inferno provides us an opportunity to unpack this overpopulation fear, and see where it stands today. Thomas Malthus (1766–1834) thought that the potential exponential growth of population was a problem. If the population increases faster than the means of subsistence, then, 'The superior power of population cannot be checked without producing misery or vice.' Is overpopulation a problem? The economics of population size tell a different, less scary, story. While it is certainly possible that some areas can become too crowded for some people's preferences, as long as people are free to buy and sell land for a mutually agreeable price, overcrowding will fix itself. As an introvert who enjoys nature and peace and quiet, I am certainly less willing to rent an apartment in the middle of a busy, crowded city. The prices I'm willing to pay for country living versus city living reflect my preferences. And, to the extent that others share my preferences or even have the opposite preferences, the use and construction of homes and apartments will economize in both locations. Our demands and the profitability of the varied real estate offerings keep local populations in check. But what about on a global scale? The Inferno villain was concerned with world population. He stressed the urgency of the situation, but I don't see any reason to worry. Google tells me that we could fit the entire world population in Texas and everybody would have a small, 100 square meter plot to themselves. Indeed, there are vast stretches of land across the globe with little to no human inhabitants. Malthus and his ideological followers must have a biased perspective, only looking at the crowded streets of a big city. If it's not land that's a problem, what about the 'means of subsistence'? Are we at risk of running out of food, medicine, or other resources because of our growing population? No. A larger population not only means more mouths to feed, but also more heads, hands, and feet to do the producing. Also, as populations increase, so does the variety of skills available to make production even more efficient. More people means everybody can specialize in a more specific and more productive comparative advantage and participate in a division of labor. Perhaps this question will drive the point home: Would you rather be stranded on an island with two other people or 20 other people? Malthus wouldn't be a Malthusian if he could see this data The empirical evidence is compelling, too. In the graph below, we can see the sort of world Malthus saw: one in which most people were barely surviving, especially compared to our current situation. Our 21st-century world tells a different story. Extreme poverty is on the decline even while world population is increasing. Hans Rosling, a Swedish medical doctor and 'celebrity statistician,' is famous for his 'Don't Panic' message about population growth. He sees that as populations and economies grow, more have access to birth control and limit the size of their families. In this video , he shows that all countries are heading toward longer lifespans and greater standards of living. Finally, there's the hockey stick of human prosperity. Estimates of GDP per capita on a global, millennial scale reveal a recent dramatic turn. The inflection point coincides with the industrial revolution. Embracing the productivity of steam-powered capital goods and other technologies sparked a revolution in human well-being across the globe. Since then, new sources of energy have been harnessed and computers entered the scene. Now, computers across the world are connected through the internet and have been made small enough to fit in our pockets. Goods, services, and ideas zip across the globe, while human productivity increases beyond what anybody could have imagined just 50 years ago. 
I don't think Malthus himself would be a Malthusian if he could see the world today. 
Note: The views expressed on Mises.org are not necessarily those of the Mises Institute. The Best of Jonathan Newman Tags: Jonathan Newman was a 2013 and 2014 Summer Fellow at the Mises Institute and teaches economics at Auburn University.

ARTICLE

American Thinker November 1, 2016 
The criminal investigation underway over Anthony Weiner's alleged child sex infraction has a couple of characteristics that make it especially awkward for Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin, the estranged wife of Weiner and close companion of Hillary. 
Ed Timperlake points out to me that in an underage sex investigation, all electronic communications of the investigative target are pursued. This probably led to the grand jury that was announced 11 days ago issuing a subpoena for all of the devices in the possession of Weiner and his family, including Huma. As Lucianne Goldberg quipped, they even seize the Speak & Spell toys in these cases. This grand jury is in New York, possibly less politically supervised than the first Hillary email investigation. 
Evidently, some of these devices were not turned over in the first investigation and contained 'pertinent' emails. We do not know with certainty, but some reports indicate the pertinent emails may have been found on Weiner's laptop. Recall that the initial investigation did not convene a grand jury and did not, therefore, have subpoena power. It is possible that Huma Abedin misled the FBI over the existence of pertinent emails on her then husband's computing devices. 
So what could have been on the laptop Carlos Danger used for sexting? 
Adam Yoshida, with a background in information technology consulting for affluent and powerful people emails: 
…Clinton [was] using e-mails seemingly like most people use IMs or text messaging. Her holding onto Blackberries (and seven switching back to older models when the software was upgraded) [demonstrates this]. It might even explain at least SOME of the motivation for the e-mail server itself. I've seen plenty of cases where a powerful person says basically, 'I want my e-mails on this thing' and, regardless of whether it's a good solution, people respond, 'ready-aye-ready.' 
So, what could they have found on Weiner's computers that would have caused such alarm? 
I'd think one of two things: 
1) Either that Huma signed in her e-mail account at one point and, presumably, it being Exchange or IMAP, dumped the whole account onto the computer and that account has plenty of e-mails between her and Clinton that were deleted. 
Or – 
2) There's mention of Huma having a Yahoo account to which she would forward things for printing purposes. This struck me right away because, of course, printers are often difficult to configure as are e-mail accounts. It struck me as strange, yet very believable, that she mentioned that she'd forward stuff to that Yahoo account to print them. I mean, printing in theory should be platform agnostic, but – if you're technically unsophisticated – you might have serious problems trying to setup an e-mail account or a printer on a device. Thus I imagine a scenario where she has a portable machine that either she can't (or can't be, for some reason) configured to use her home printer and a desktop machine (I imagine an slightly-older iMac here) that's physically connected to the printer that serves as a shared 'family computer' or whatever. She either can't setup the e-mail account on that computer (perhaps it requires a VPN or something like that) or doesn't want to, so she forwards everything that she wants to print to the Yahoo account that she does have setup on that computer. The FBI takes this computer as part of the Weiner investigation and, bam, they find thousands of e-mail messages – again, evidence of what was destroyed earlier.

ARTICLE

By Thomas Sowell November 1, 2016 
The political left keeps announcing as if it is a new breakthrough discovery of theirs, that life is unfair. 
Have they never read Thomas Gray's 'Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard,' more than two and a half centuries ago? What about economic historian David S. Landes' statement: 'The world has never been a level playing field'? 
In the joint autobiography of Milton Friedman and his wife Rose, they say: 'Everywhere in the world, there are gross inequities of income and wealth. They offend most of us. Few can fail to be moved by the contrast between the luxury enjoyed by some and the grinding poverty suffered by others.' 
Moreover, Professor Friedman left behind a foundation dedicated to promoting school choice, so that disadvantaged children could get a better education for a better chance in life. 
What is it that the political left is saying that they think is so new, such a breakthrough and such a necessity for progress? More important, what test of evidence — if any — have they ever subjected their notions to? 
No one has presented the social vision of the left more often than Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times — and no one has been more certain that those who do not happen to share his vision 'just don't get it,' as he has repeatedly declared. 
Mr. Kristof's essay 'Growing Up Poor in America' in the October 30th New York Times is a classic example of the mindset of the left. 
It begins with the story of a poor black teenager in Arkansas, being raised by a single mom. Sometimes he goes hungry and his home does not have even one book. But it does have television sets with huge screens, and apparently, there is money enough to buy marijuana. 
Surely we can all agree that this young fellow has very unpromising future prospects ahead of him and that this is a human tragedy. The circumstances of his life are unfair to him and none of us would want to be born into such circumstances. Moreover, he is just one of many who are brought up in a setting that is full of dangers and with a low probability of improvement. 
But that is not enough for Mr. Kristof or for the political left in general. Of such youngsters he says, 'as a society, we fail them long before they fail us.' 
Whoa! Just when did 'society' make the decisions and engage in the actions that have led to this teenager being in the bad situation he is in? And just when did 'society' acquire either the omniscience or the omnipotence to prevent it? 
When the left says 'society' they usually mean government. That is apparently what 'society' means in this case, for Kristof laments that this teenager is 'the kind of person whom America's presidential candidates just don't talk about.' 
If the left chooses to believe that government intervention is the answer to such tragedies, that is their right. But, if they expect the rest of us to share that belief, surely they could subject that belief to some empirical test. But we can, however. 
The 1960s were the triumphant decade of those who wanted government intervention to 'solve' what they called 'social problems.' How did that workout? What were things like before this social vision triumphed? And what were things like afterward? 
Homicide victimization rates among black males were going down substantially in the 1940s and the 1950s. But homicide victimization rates reversed and skyrocketed in the 1960s, wiping out all the progress of the two previous decades. 
When the 1960s began, most black children were born into families with both a mother and a father. After the great welfare state expansion during the 1960s, most black children were born to a single mother, like the youngster in Arkansas today. 
When the 1960s began, most black children were born into families with both a mother and a father. After the great welfare state expansion during the 1960s, most black children were born to a single mother, like the youngster in Arkansas today. 
Very similar trends occurred in England after very similar visions and policies also triumphed there in the 1960s. Perhaps it is the left that just doesn't get it — or cannot face the hard fact that its own vision and policies worsened the very things they claimed would be made better. The Best of Thomas Sowell Tags: Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University. His Web site is www.tsowell.com .

ARTICLE

Zero Hedge November 1, 2016 
With both Harry Reid and Hillary Clinton voicing extreme accusations of violating federal law against FBI Director Comey's decision to be transparent about his investigation into Clinton's emails, it appears President Obama is having none of it. As White House spokesman Josh Earnest stated: 'President Obama doesn't think Comey is trying to influence the election.' 
Senate minority leader Harry Reid claiming Comey may have violated federal law… 
'I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,' Reid wrote in a letter to Comey, according to the Wall Street Journal. 
The Hatch act prohibits government officials from using their positions to influence an election. 
'Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.' 
'When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant,' Reid wrote. 
'With the deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong.' 
But, President Obama has now crushed that narrative: 
John Earnest explains: 
'President Obama doesn't think Comey tried to influence the election.' 
'Obama still believes Comey has 'good character'' 
'Obama has a lot of confidence in AG Loretta Lynch' 
Which, roughly translated into images is this… 

Furthermore, as we noted last night , Harry Reid had suggested that ' talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey 'possesses explosive information' about Trump's ties to Russia.' 
That has also been completely rebuffed as The White House says it 'has not been briefed on the existence of any FBI investigation on activities, habts of Donald Trump.' 
So more lies?!

ARTICLE

American Thinker November 1, 2016 
Is it a crisis yet? The fate of a criminal probe into the activities of a possible president has been fought behind closed doors. The nation's premier investigative agency allegedly is riven by conflict over investigating Hillary Clinton's email, the Clinton Foundation, and Anthony Weiner's sexting. 
Devlin Barrett of the Wall Street Journal has apparently mined many sources at the FBI and the DoJ, along with other 'people familiar with the matter,' and put together a remarkable piece that is providing a lot of new information. Unfortunately, it is behind a paywall, though I understand that the WSJ is offering very low initial subscription rates, as low as $4, which might be worth it even on a tight budget, considering the history unfolding before our eyes. 
Barrett identifies a timeline for the Weiner email trove that begins: 
… in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau's second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor , they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter. The FBI lacked a warrant to read the emails, but they did examine the metadata, that showed 'apparently … thousands' of them were from Hillary's private email server. 
This led to a dramatic meeting: 
At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department's senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said. 
Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop's contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant. 
Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results. Senior Justice Department officials had warned the FBI that telling Congress would violate policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey's repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his press conference on the subject in July. 
Barrett does not venture into speculation, but I believe that Comey had no choice at that point, because the news would have leaked out. Too many people knew of the discovery at this point (including, possibly, the NYPD , which may have gotten the Weiner probe going in the first place – we still don't know). Many journalists (including me) in touch with active and retired FBI agents have heard of the extreme disappointment of many within the FBI community with Comey's damage to the Bureau's reputation. 
The meatiest reporting, however, covers the investigation of the Clinton Foundation, which Barrett characterizes as one of ' several matters related, directly or indirectly, to Mrs. Clinton and her inner circle' (emphasis added). 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Unnamed FBI agents are characterized as 'viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity[.]' My guess is that the 'senior law enforcement officials' voicing skepticism might be from Loretta Lynch's staff. But they may include FBI officials.

ARTICLE

OfTwoMinds.com November 1, 2016 
The Deep State's most prescient elements must derail Hillary's campaign to clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 'These blast points on Hillary's campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.' 
The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a 'lose-lose' situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic). 
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of 'intervening in an election,' i.e. raising doubts about Hillary's judgment and veracity days before Americans go to the polls. 
Another narrative has Comey's hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election. 
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability. The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project. 
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed.

ARTICLE

Backdoor Survival November 1, 2016 
Back in the early days, before writing about any one aspect of prepping, I had to do a lot of research. Online resources were meager so there was a lot of trial and error involved as I formulated my own preparedness strategy. Sadly, as I look back, there was considerable error. Who knew? The good news is that the school of hard prepping knocks has taught me a thing or two. This is especially true when it comes to last minute preps. 
Now that I am lot smarter, I thought it might be fun to put on my thinking cap and come up with a list of ten last minute preps that could be put into place if I had a modicum of warning that a storm or other disruptive event was brewing. There are two parts to this list, things to do and things to buy. 
Things To Do 
1. Top Off Vehicles with Fuel 
I never let our two cars go under half a tank but even so, 100% full is always a better option than 50%. Hopefully I will get wind of the pending event soon enough to beat the crowds. 
2. Do the Laundry 
It is not that I hate doing laundry but rather I get lazy about it. It is not unusual to have to do six loads at a time, simply due to procrastination. Given a brewing storm, you can bet the laundry will get done and while I am at it, the bedding will also get changed. 
3. Inventory Prescription Drugs 
With my Ammo Can First Aid Kit already stocked and set aside, I will want to do a quick check on prescription meds and if necessary, get them refilled. 
4. Charge All Electronic Devices 
Compared to six years ago, my home is overrun by electronic devices. Three Kindles, three iPads of varying ages, and four laptop computers, and two iPhones make up a motely crew of electronic devices that hold a wealth of both reference material and amusements. All can be charged using portable solar devices (which are pretty darn cheap these days), but if I am stuck indoors for any length of tine, solar is not going to help. 
5. Set Out Spare Lanterns, Flashlights, and Batteries 
Why wait until the power is out before digging out your emergency light sources? As I say this, I am confident in the knowledge that I already have a flashlight in every room of the house as well as a portable lantern. Still, this would be a good time to check to ensure their batteries are fully charged. 
6. Gather Fresh Biomass 
Rather than use up my back stock of charcoal and wood, I would prefer to burn the odd branches, twigs, leaves I find on the ground. They work perfectly in both my Solo Stove and EcoZoom rocket stoves . Plus, biomass is free for the taking.

ARTICLE

Charles Goyette https://www.lewrockwell.com/%3Fpost_type%3Dlrc-blog%26p%3D610232 
Much of the news here in Arizona is about Obamacare. And it is big news. The Drudge Report today features a Wall Street Journal story, Inside the Affordable Care Act's Arizona Meltdown , that explains: When Affordable Care Act insurance marketplaces launched in fall 2013, Arizona seemed like a success. Eight insurers competed to sign up consumers, offering a wide variety of plans and some of the lowest premiums in the country. Today, with ACA enrollment starting Nov. 1, Arizonans will find in most counties only one insurer selling exchange plans for 2017. Premiums for some plans will be more than double this year, some of the biggest increases in the nation. 
Six major health insurers are leaving the Arizona market altogether in the new year. 
The Arizona Republic story on the fiasco today quotes a Phoenix resident, Ken Hoag, who understands what's going on. 'There are no choices, really, for anybody in Maricopa County,' Hoag said. 'The lack of choice is like having empty shelves (and) no food in a third world country.' 
'Do I live in Cuba?' he asked. 
It's too bad this had to happen, but fortunately there is an upside. You see, during the debate on Obamacare, the Republicans warned that this was inevitable in a State-run, Soviet-style health care system. They warned of deteriorating service, fewer options, and higher prices. Instead, they extolled the virtues of a free market in health care, one free of government that would constantly improve service, increase options, and lower prices. Just like it does with government-free elective medical procedures like vision correction and cosmetic surgeries. 
Now they are able to say, 'We tried to warn you,' and their clarity being rewarded, we can hurry past this destructive socialist detour and restore a free-market in health care. 
Oh. 
Wait a minute. 
That's not what Republicans did during the national debate on Obamacare. With the legislation before Congress in 2010, the Republicans were reduced to accepting the statist presuppositions of government interventionism. Instead of standing firm, they wobbled about on their spindly little legs, as the Republican National Committee ran TV ads calling for a 'responsible plan' and a 'bipartisan plan.' With only the occasional exception like Ron Paul, Republicans were incapable of articulating an argument against accelerating American healthcare's Soviet-style trajectory. 
And one more thing. There was also Chief Justice John Roberts, the 'conservative' whose lawyerly casuistry tipped the balance in favor of Obamacare at the Supreme Court. In voting to uphold Obamacare, Justice Ruth Ginsburg thought to remind us, as well, of Mitt Romney's role in fathering this hideous creature. 
So how do you like living in Cuba? 10:49 am on November 1, 2016

ARTICLE

Christopher Manion https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/dont-bother/ 
A German girl of 15 is walking her dog when a drunk 'asylum seeker' assaults her. A passerby comes to her aid, and the drunk flees. 
The two go immediately to an asylum-residence and find the assailant – a 50-year-old Algerian. They ask three policemen to arrest him and allow her officially to identify the criminal and press charges. 
'Don't bother,' they reply. 'It will come to nothing.' 
After the witness threatens to go to the media, higher-ups – fearing public outrage – authorize the case to go forward, and the criminal assailant receives his punishment: 
He is transferred to another residence. 10:36 am on November 1, 2016

