ARTICLE

Aaron Bandler October 27, 2016 
A flash mob of over 150 blacks teens assaulted numerous people on Friday in Philadelphia in an attack that appears to have been racially motivated, and yet the media is silent about this possible motivation. 
LifeZette reports that the racial component of the attack was evident in a Facebook post written by Joe Lauletta , whose daughter, Christina, was attacked by the flash mob on Friday. Lauletta wrote that he received a phone call from Christina, who tearfully explained that she "was jumped" and "beat up pretty bad." 
"I find out that her and her 2 male friends where badly beaten by a group of 30-40 black teenagers on their way home from the Temple football game," Lauletta wrote. "This happened after they got off the subway at Broad and Cecil B Moore. These sick animals held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly. Thank god, the people from the pizza place intervened." 
While no bones were broken, Christina was "badly bruised" throughout her body, Lauletta said "it makes me cry just thinking about it." 
Lauletta's post seemed to indicate the racial aspect of the attack, and on Tuesday he posted on Facebook that "the FBI is investigating" and "are analyzing all video coverage," signaling that the FBI is looking into the attack as a hate crime. 
In an interview with the New York Post , Lauletta wouldn't explicitly say the attack was racially motivated but sort of implied it: 
'Well, I haven't been saying that because everybody is trying to get me to say it and I don't know if I want to be that person,' Lauletta told The Post. 'Everyone can draw their own conclusions.' 
Lauletta said the possibility of the attacks being motivated by race '“ perhaps as a sort of gang initiation '“ was part of the reason why his story was shared so frequently and as far away as Africa. 
'That's why it spread so fast,' Lauletta said. 'If you read my Facebook page, everybody's saying it.' 
However, Philadelphia Police Lt. John Stanford insisted to the Post that "there hasn't been any indication that race is involved in this in any shape or form." 
Even still, the media hasn't reported that the attack is possibly a hate crime, as LifeZette points out: 
Friday violence as teen mob attacks Temple students, police; four arrested,' read the headline on Philly.com, while the Philly Voice reported 'Teens arrested after flash mob leads to assaults on Broad Street.' The Associated Press headline read: 'STUDENTS BEATEN, HORSE PUNCHED IN MOB ATTACKS AT UNIVERSITY. 
The Washington Post buried the possibility in their story and then dismissed it with Stanford's quote. 
LifeZette also noted that Temple University described the attack as "a large group of approximately 200 juveniles causing disruption along Broad Street." 
Maybe Stanford is correct that it was a random attack, or maybe the black flash mob was targeting whites. But there is no doubting the media's hypocrisy: if this were a flash mob of white teenagers that attacked blacks, the media would be screaming about it being a hate crime. But since the incident in Philadelphia does not advance the media's racial narrative, they will not treat it in the same manner. Tags 
ARTICLE


ARTICLE

Ben Shapiro Destroys John Oliver On Abortion And Trump By: Hank Berrien October 27, 2016 
On Thursday, on his daily podcast, Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro decimated HBO host and supposed comedian John Oliver for his comments regarding Donald Trump's comments on abortion during the third presidential debate. 
Shapiro began, "HBO's John Oliver belongs to a class of British people who think that they are smarter than everyone else by dint of their accent. They think that because they share an accent with Rex Harrison from My Fair Lady this makes them geniuses." 
He continued: 
So John Oliver does a political show on American politics; he doesn't know much about American politics; he doesn't know much about politics generally; but he's been feted by the media because he's a comedian who's wildly to the left. So just like President Obama is going to be interviewed by Samantha Bee, who is legitimately the least funny person in human history, (she and Trevor Noah actually have a cage match next week to determine who's the least funny person in human history. Both of them I believe, beat Stalin for that title a while back, so now were going to unify the championships), so Obama's going to be on with Samantha Bee, where presumably they will jabber about how much they love each other and why abortion's wonderful. 
John Oliver was ripping on Donald Trump the other day at some awards ceremony, and because he's British, that means we're supposed to pay attention to him, even though we fought a revolution so we wouldn't have to pay attention to the Brits. Here's John Oliver talking about abortion: 
The screen then showed Oliver pontificating: 
In terms of the communication about reproductive rights and the conversation that is so important; we really did potentially hit an idea in the modern era during that third debate because his discussions of late-term abortions showed no real understanding of how abortions work, no clear understanding of the basic biology of women's bodies, and a very poor sense of grammar as well. So I guess we got, in a sense, what we were asking for. If you ask Donald Trump to draw a Fallopian tube, I cannot imagine what you would get back other than a child's drawing of a cobra. 
Shapiro fired back: 
Okay. I would hesitate to ask John Oliver to draw a Fallopian tube or to describe any of the biology here, because he obviously doesn't know. Now look, I criticized Trump for being ignorant about how he described abortion because he wasn't graphic enough. But let me, for those who missed it, explain what exactly happens in a late-term abortion, which is what he was talking about, okay? What happens in a late-term abortion, what happens in a late-term abortion, is something completely awful; this is according to americanpregnancy.org., okay? Not a right-wing pro-life website: americanpregnancy.org: "The fetus is rotated; forceps are used to grasp and pull the legs, shoulders and arms through the birth canal. A small incision is made at the base of the skull to allow a suction catheter inside. The catheter removes the cerebral material,' that would be the brains, 'until the skull collapses. The fetus is then completely removed.' 
Shapiro continued to explain the barbaric procedure: 
Okay, that's one procedure that's used; that's 'dilation and extraction.' In late-term abortions it usually one of these two; 'dilation and evacuation' or 'dilation and extraction.' 'Dilation and evacuation': The baby may be given a lethal injection to kill it; sometimes they don't use such injections; then the doctor uses a curette or a forceps to carve up the child's body in the womb, and remove it piece by piece. 
Then he proceeded to carve up Oliver: 
So I guess that Donald Trump could have been more graphic; I don't know that John Oliver would have enjoyed that, but he could have been more graphic, I suppose. But this is what they do, laugh it up, 'Oh, he can't draw a Fallopian tube." 
Okay, John: draw an abortion. Really. Draw it; let's see it. I want to see you get down there with a piece of paper and I want you to draw me what you think an abortion looks like. It's not waving a magic wand, and it's not getting rid of a cluster of cells that mean nothing. I want you to sit there and draw what it looks like when a baby is cut into pieces and removed from the womb. I would like to see that. "Okay, John: draw an abortion. Really. Draw it; let's see it. I want to see you get down there with a piece of paper and I want you to draw me what you think an abortion looks like." Ben Shapiro 
Shapiro concluded: 
But of course he'll never do that, other than, "It might look like a cobra; it might look like a cobra; maybe it'll look like a princess, waving her fairy magic wand and a unicorn emerges from the vagina.' The fact that he thinks his accent covers for his basic ignorance of biology and his euphemistic willingness to ignore what amounts to child-killing is absolutely ridiculous and despicable. 
Video below: 
ARTICLE

President Obama said Friday that his wife Michelle 'will never run for office.'  
ARTICLE

An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the results of the last three US presidential elections believes Donald Trump will be elected president.  
ARTICLE

Speaking at a brief news conference in Des Moines, Iowa, after news broke of the FBI looking into Anthony Weiner's emails, Hillary Clinton insisted that the FB  
ARTICLE

George And Laura Bush Celebrate Their 70th Birthdays By: Hank Berrien October 26, 2016 
On Saturday, former president George W. Bush and former first lady Laura Bush celebrated their 70th birthdays together in Crawford, Texas. 
President Bush's birthday was July 6, and Laura's is on November 4. 
Some of the attendees included former commerce secretary Donald Evans, Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones, and Ross Perot Jr., the son of H. Ross Perot. George Strait performed, and sang 'Happy Birthday,' per People. Typical of Bush's down-home style, he wore jeans, a western-style shirt and a prominent belt buckle. 
The dinner included an avocado and grapefruit salad, Mesquite smoked peppered beef tenderloin, Southern fried catfish, roasted corn and poblano pudding, bourbon carrots, and cheddar and black pepper biscuits. The dessert was a Texas chocolate sheet cake. 
Bush also invited guests to his art studio at the ranch, dubbed Studio 43, where he works on his paintings. 
Laura Bush was working as a librarian in the Austin Independent School District when she met George in 1977; their friends Joe and Jan O'Neill invited them to a barbecue. They were married in November 1977 at the First United Methodist Church in Midland, where she had been baptized. She wore a tan, two-toned dress she had bought off the rack. 
George W. Bush later called his proposal to his wife the "best decision of my life." Laura, an only child, said she gained "brothers and sisters and wonderful in-laws" and made her feel part of the family. Tags 
ARTICLE

North Dakota is ablaze as a result of protesters against the Dakota Access Pipeline, and the protests have escalated quickly into violence and multiple arrests. How did this happen and who is behind it? 
Here are 8 things you need to know about the Dakota Access Pipeline protests.  
ARTICLE

 
This week's WikiLeaks dump provided further sordid details about the Clintons' breathtaking corruption'”something nobody reasonable has doubted for quite some time. As expected, the Clinton camp's response is to dismiss, distort, diminish, dodge, and divert. They do so in easy reliance  
ARTICLE

A Bryan, Texas police officer was investigating a disturbance call and interviewing witnesses on Wednesday night, when suddenly his parked patrol car he was standing next to was suddenly slammed into by an SUV. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

So, good news: our moral and intellectual dictators at the Supreme Court are now poised to decide whether men are men or whether men can indeed be women and vice versa.  
ARTICLE

” Phil Kerpen (@kerpen) October 31, 2016 
Remington Research's summary of the polling data asserted that the race has become "increasingly competitive": 
Last week, we found a presidential race where Hillary Clinton held a clear advantage. This week, we find an increasingly competitive race with just eight days to go. Trump appears to be holding strong in his must-win states and Colorado remains within the margin of error. The data also show that Pennsylvania has moved into the margin of error category. 
'The presidential race remains very competitive as we move into the final stretch. Hillary maintains an advantage leading in Colorado and Pennsylvania, but at this point anything can happen,' said Titus Bond, Director of Remington Research Group 
Other state polling data came out on Sunday that also showed a close-race between Trump and Clinton, although the polls were surveyed before FBI director James Comey's announcement that they were re-opening their investigation against Clinton . Via RealClearPolitics : Florida: New York Times/Siena: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 42 percent. NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist: Clinton 45 percent, Trump 44 percent. Gravis: Clinton 48 percent, Trump 47 percent. Colorado: CBS News/YouGov: Clinton 42 percent, Trump 39 percent. Arizona: CBS/YouGov: Trump 44 percent, Clinton 42 percent. North Carolina: NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist: Clinton 47 percent, Trump 41 percent. Gravis: Clinton 49 percent, Trump 47 percent. CBS News/YouGov: Clinton 48 percent, Trump 45 percent. Pennsylvania: CBS News/YouGov: Clinton 48 percent, Trump 40 percent. 
The fact that some of these polls were close even before the Comey announcement led to this observation from FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver: Both things can be true: 1) Comey impact overblown '” Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) October 31, 2016 
Radio host Steve Deace writes at Conservative Review that while early voting has been overwhelmingly in favor of Clinton, the renewed FBI investigation could "have a potentially huge impact" on Election Day: 
Trump was on defense on the election map as he had to defend states like Arizona, Georgia, Utah, Indiana, and Alaska that rarely go blue on Election Day. It's quite conceivable that yet another reminder of the stench of corruption that has long surrounded the Clintons could sway the bulk of Republican-leaning undecideds Trump's way. But that's provided, of course, that he can withstand his compulsion to negatively influence a favorable news cycle as he's been prone to do. Then there's the matter of Trump's emerging Evan McMullin headache in Utah. 
If Trump can be disciplined this final week, his campaign may have the freedom to focus its efforts on Iowa, Nevada, Florida, Ohio, and North Carolina. Those five states would get him within striking distance to 265 Electoral College votes, and then you hope you can pull an upset in Colorado, Pennsylvania, or New Mexico where Trump is visiting during the campaign's final week. The hope is that there's enough voters in those states wearier of Clinton's corruption than worried about whether Trump's fit for office. 
FiveThirtyEight currently has Trump's odds of winning the presidency at 23.6 percent in their polls-plus forecast. This week will be crucial for Trump in increasing those odds, and maybe the FBI's re-opened investigation into Clinton will help improve those odds as it becomes closer to Election Day. Tags 
ARTICLE

With Hillary Clinton collapsing in the polls, her media guards have now emerged with the dregs of the opposition research barrel: the supposed connection between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.  
ARTICLE

The New York Times is huffy over the fact that FBI director James Comey announced the re-opening of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, so they're trying to compare him to J.&nbs  
ARTICLE

Democratic National Committee chairwoman Donna Brazile has made headlines for her blatant favoritism towards Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, even abusing her former position as a CNN contributor to help out her preferred candidate.  
ARTICLE

 
Filmmaker Michael Moore made an appearance on the Clinton News Network to clarify an audio clip from his Trumpland documentary that has gone viral, in which he sounds like he's defending Trump supporters and explaining why The Donald will be the next president.  
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton can't believe she's losing.  
ARTICLE

BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Huma's Emails By: Michael Qazvini October 30, 2016 On the heels of FBI Director James Comey's unexpected Friday announcement about revisiting the Hillary Clinton email investigation, the US Department of Justice has officially obtained a warrant to inspect Huma Abedin's stash of emails. Abedin is perhaps Hillary Clinton's closest confidante. During the course of the FBI's investigation, she spoke with federal agents on several occasions, evading questions and providing only vague answers to direct inquiries. 'The process has begun,' stated the bureau Sunday in a rather cryptic message, suggesting that Abedin's emails will be possibly be examined before election day. Enjoying intimate access to the former secretary of state, Abedin sent several emails through Hillary's private server. A few months ago, the FBI explicitly asked Abedin to hand over any information, including emails and devices those emails may be stored in to investigators. It now looks like she failed to comply with the request. In a bizarre twist of events, the FBI found hundreds of thousands of Abedin's emails stored on a laptop belonging to her now-estranged husband. The emails were discovered as investigators seized evidence related to a separate investigation regarding an inquiry into disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner's possible sexual overtures to a minor. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton chats with her staff, including aide Huma Abedin (L), onboard her plane in White Plains, New York, October 22, 2016, on her way to a campaign event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. / AFP / Robyn Beck (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images) Law enforcement officials have been hesitant to provide a timeline to the public for when the completion of its review of this treasure trove of emails. There may be evidence hiding in those emails that could incriminate Abedin's boss, US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. But we likely won't find out until after the election, raising unsettling questions about the integrity of our fragile democracy. 
As a matter of principle, the FBI should tell the American people everything it knows before voters cast their ballots on November 8th. Tags 
ARTICLE

Describing what she calls a 'crisis of whiteness,' Amanda Taub writes at The New York Times that nationalistic mo Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

This Detroit, Michigan woman's tweet will be your feel-good-moment of the day'¦ Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

A new report shows that the New York Times ' profit is in freefall. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

 
Just how much of a sham was the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's national security-threatening, illegal private email server? According to an inside source, the bureau didn't even bother to ask Clinton's top aides to hand over devices essential to the probe.  
ARTICLE

Desperate Obama RIPS Comey: 'We Don't Operate On Innuendo' By: November 2, 2016 
Barack Obama must be pretty worried. 
Earlier this week, White House press secretary Josh Earnest told the media that FBI director James Comey's decision to reopen an investigation into Hillary Clinton didn't spring from bias or politics. He explained : 
Director Comey is a man of integrity and principle and well regarded by officials in both parties and served as a senior position in the Bush administration and got bipartisan support when his nomination to be director of the FBI was considered by the United States Senate... they speak to his good character and the president's assessment of his integrity and his character has not changed. For example, the president doesn't believe that Director Comey is trying to influence the outcome of the election. And the president doesn't believe he's secretly supporting a candidate or political party. He's in a tough spot. He's the one who will be in the position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts including officials who served in senior justice position for presidents led by both parties. 
Now, with the polls closing to within the margin of error, President Obama has had second thoughts. He told NowThisNews : 
I do think that there is a norm that when there are investigations we don't operate on innuendo and we don't operate on incomplete information and we don't operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are made. When this was investigated thoroughly last time the conclusion of the FBI, the conclusion of the Justice Department, the conclusion of repeated congressional investigations was she had made some mistakes but that there wasn't anything there that was prosecutable. 
It's worthwhile pointing out the hypocrisy here '“ Obama's entire administration has been built on innuendo. His Department of Justice has destroyed police departments around the country with unsubstantiated innuendo about systemic racism. His IRS used innuendo to destroy conservative 501(c)3s. His entire 2012 campaign was rooted in innuendo about Mitt Romney's supposed secret evils. 
But more than anything, the Obama flip here shows serious desperation. What changed? The polls. On Monday, it looked like the FBI scandal would detract from Hillary's polling numbers, but wouldn't kill her. Now it looks like she might go down in flames. This shows how faithless Obama is '“ Comey was wonderful just up until the point he threatened Hillary's chances, at which point he became a slanderer trafficking in innuendo. 
If Comey has any stones, he should resign in protest at Obama's accusations. He's already been thrown under the bus by his commander-in-chief for not playing dead for him long enough to move Hillary into the White House. He's got no future in his position no matter what he does. It would be a final redeeming move of honor to tell Obama and his cronies to stuff it now. Tags 
ARTICLE

NYT: FBI Failed To Connect Trump To Putin By: Robert Kraychik November 2, 2016 The New York Times reported on Monday that the FBI has failed to establish 'any conclusive or direct link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government.' Speaking with unnamed FBI sources, the left-wing 'paper of record' reported that the FBI pursued an investigation into stateside Russian attempts to affect the presidential election. 'Agents scrutinized advisors close to Donald J. Trump" in order to search for financial connections between Donald Trump's political circle and 'Russian financial figures," reported The New York Times . A report from Slate 's Franklin Foer sought to advance the narrative of collusion between Trump and Putin pushed by Hillary Clinton, Democrats, and affiliated political allies. It was then forwarded by left-wing Democrat media personalities and affiliates. Trump Tower had a special server to communicate with Russia's Alfa Bank, reports the eternal badass @FranklinFoer . https://t.co/yIX6rZXbxJ '” Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) October 31, 2016 So, why? Why Trump's stubborn almost devotion to Putin? Why the Russia friendly policies? Why the Mantafort links? Why the secret server? '” Scott Gilmore (@Scott_Gilmore) October 31, 2016 Putin's Puppet didn't cover his tracks: Trump server directly communicating with Russia. Voters deserve answers now. https://t.co/VXQNIoQXB6 '” Chad Griffin (@ChadHGriffin) November 1, 2016 Despite the narrative of Putin preferring to see Trump elected president, the FBI investigation apparently arrived at a different conclusion. The New York Times reported that unnamed FBI investigators said they 'have become increasingly confident, based on the evidence they have uncovered, that Russia's direct goal is not to support the election of Mr. Trump, as many Democrats have asserted, but rather to disrupt the integrity of the political system and undermine America's standing in the world more broadly.' No mention was made of the Kremlin-run English-language propaganda outlet RT, which regularly pushes what can broadly be described as mostly left-wing anti-American and pro-Russian agitation. Also ignored were actual financial connections between Russian-related interests and the Clintons or their inner circle. For months, Democrat politicians and operatives have colluded with their news media allies to push a narrative of Russia's President Vladimir Putin directing the Russian state apparatus to provide political support to Donald Trump. 
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter . Tags
ARTICLE

Clemson University Student's Welcome: 'Ben Shapiro Is A Pig' By: Hank Berrien November 1, 2016 
Apparently word has been passed to leftists that Daily Wire Editor-In Chief Ben Shapiro will be speaking at Clemson University tonight. "Ben Shapiro Is A Pig" was chalked in a Clemson classroom this morning. Looks like the SJWs are very excited to hear @benshapiro tonight! pic.twitter.com/hkd3YgIwMn '” Caleb Ecarma (@calebecarma) November 1, 2016 
There has been no explanation as to who decorated the chalkboard, nor whether the culprit wanted to issue a more eloquent denunciation of Shapiro but was hindered by the limits of his/her vocabulary, thus being restricted to words of three letters or less. 
Shapiro's usual denunciation of political correctness is likely the reason for the gratuitous insult; in October 2015, Clemson was plagued by PC when a few students protested Clemson Dining's "Maximum Mexican" night, tweeting their displeasure with such a "#CUlturallyInsensitive" event. Clemson senior Austin Pendergist told Campus Reform the post-event uproar was 'ridiculous '¦ This is something that Clemson Dining has done for years without any sort of backlash. People love the cultural nights in the dining halls. What's next? Are they going to take away all potato based food as to not offend students from Irish decent? Remove the stir fry station so Asian-American students don't feel as if they are being misrepresented? When does it end?' 
But the administration wound up apologizing for the event; Dr. Doug Hallenbeck, Clemson University's Senior Associate Vice President of Student Affairs, said the event displayed a 'flattened cultural view of Mexican culture '¦ It is the mission of University Housing & Dining to create supportive and challenging environments that enrich and nourish lives. We failed to live out our mission yesterday, and we sincerely apologize,' adding that the university 'will continue to work closely with [its] food service provider to create dining programs that align with Clemson University's core values.' 
The administration also apologized on the Clemson Dining Services Facebook and Twitter pages. 
Pendergist said the event had only featured 'a couple balloons, sombreros, and some tacos,' adding, 'For as long as I've been here, and probably for much longer, Clemson dining has put on certain culinary theme nights, where they decorate the dining halls and serve whatever kind of food. They have Italian night, Mexican night, seafood night, midnight breakfast, all kinds of events.' 

ARTICLE

Fox News Channel's Bret Baier reported on Wednesday that an indictment is likely in the FBI's ongoing investigation into the Clinton Foundation and Clinton emails, according to 'two separate sources with intimate knowled  
ARTICLE

WOW: Indictment 'Likely' in Clinton Foundation Case, Hillary's Server Hacked by FIVE Foreign Entities By: November 3, 2016 
Uh-oh. 
According to Bret Baier of Fox News, the FBI has been investigating the Clinton Foundation for over a year, and that investigation has been deep and wide '“ and just as importantly, the FBI is on the verge of indictment for 'pay-for-play' with regard to Hillary's State Department. The FBI investigation has uncovered laptops from Clinton top aides and the material on those laptops is being analyzed. 
And most importantly of all , the sources at the FBI have apparently told Baier with '99 percent accuracy' that Hillary's server was hacked at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and information was withdrawn. 
Meanwhile, we now know that the Department of Justice attempted to pressure the FBI into shutting down the investigation into the Clinton Foundation entirely. According to The Wall Street Journal , the FBI deputy director even asked the DOJ if they truly wanted to shut down a 'validly predicated investigation.' 
This is devastating information for Hillary. 
Donald Trump is now leading in Florida, Ohio, Nevada, Iowa, and North Carolina. Trump is within spitting distance in Colorado and Pennsylvania, and two new polls show Trump up in Virginia and New Hampshire, respectively. If Trump picks off any of those latter states, he wins the election. 
The best case scenario for Hillary Clinton just days ago was simple: hunker down and wait out these scandals. Assume that as time goes on, the race will revert back to its pre-Comey normal, with Hillary hovering between a two and four percent lead. But each new day brings a new revelation about her corruption and the corruption of the Clinton Foundation and State Department. Each new day demonstrates the extent of the cover-up by the Obama administration. 
Hillary's running out of days to recover. 
The only question is whether she can hang on with her fingernails now, especially if the American public is upset enough about her pay-for-play and exposure of American classified material to put Trump in the White House, not trusting Loretta Lynch's DOJ to prosecute Hillary for her crimes. Tags 
ARTICLE

 
President Barack Obama has been campaigning hard for the woman who is supposedly going to extend his legacy four more years. The only problem with stumping for Hillary Clinton, however, is she's not exactly a candidate easy to get too enthused about.  
ARTICLE

President Obama has stooped to new lows in his increasingly forceful pleas for voters to go to the polls for enthusiasm gap-challenged Hillary Clinton.  
ARTICLE

7 Things You Need To Know About Trump And Sex Slave Island By: Amanda Prestigiacomo May 9, 2016 
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has thrown everything but the kitchen sink at Hillary Clinton when it comes to her husband's escapades. "The kitchen sink," in this case, is Jeffery Epstein's 'Sex Slave Island' and President Bill Clinton's ties to it . 
Why wouldn't Trump use this ammo? The answer is simple: Trump himself has ties to Epstein, the billionaire Democratic donor and convicted pedophile known for having under-age sex slaves on his private plane and what the media calls "Sex Slave Island." 
Here are seven connections between Trump and Epstein's sex slave endeavors that you need to know about: 
1. Trump himself has said that Epstein is 'a lot of fun to be with,' adding that he admired the sex offender's affinity for beautiful women 'on the younger side.' 
"I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,'' Trump once said about the convicted sex offender. "He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it -- Jeffrey enjoys his social life." 
2. Trump was named in Epstein's 'little black book.' 
Epstein's ' little black book ' was stolen by a former employee in 2004. The book, nicknamed "The Holy Grail" by the employee, revealed the name of Donald Trump and listed '14 phone numbers including emergency numbers, car numbers, and numbers to Trump's security guard and houseman.' 
3. Trump has allegedly flown on Epstein's private plane '” a hot spot for under-age sex orgies. 
'Mark Epstein, Jeffrey's brother, testified in 2009 that Trump flew on Jeffrey's private jet at least once,' reports VICE News . 'Meanwhile, message pads [see below] from Epstein's Palm Beach mansion that were seized by investigators and obtained by VICE News indicate that Trump called Epstein twice in November of 2004.' 
Epstein's private Boeing 727, according to one of his alleged victims, Virginia Roberts, was nicknamed the 'Lolita Express.' Roberts recalled 'unsavoury' sex orgies on the private plane when she was just 15 years of age with Epstein and his friends. 
4. Both Trump and Epstein are named as sex abusers in a case with an under-aged girl. 
Radar Online reports that a woman in California, 'identified' as Katie Johnson, filed a $100 million lawsuit against Trump on April 26, accusing the real estate mogul of raping her when she was just 13 years old. 
Johnson 'claims Trump raped her when she was 13-years-old and forced her to engage in sex acts by threatening to harm her and her family,' notes The Independent UK . 'She claims the alleged abuse took place over a four-month period at underage sex parties held in New York City in 1994.' Epstein was also named for alleged sexual misconduct and threats. 
Trump's team adamantly denies the accusation, suspecting the claim is possibly a hoax since there is allegedly 'no evidence' the plaintiff 'actually exists.' 
5. Epstein admitted to knowing Trump under oath, and curiously pled the fifth to Trump attending sex parties with underage girls. 
Back in 2010, Epstein admitted to 'socializing' with Trump, but when a lawyer representing an under-aged victim of Epstein's asked if he has 'ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18,' Epstein curiously pled the Fifth. Per Vice News : Q: Have you ever had a personal relationship with Donald Trump? A. What do you mean by "personal relationship," sir? Q. Have you socialized with him? A. Yes, sir. Q. Yes? A. Yes, sir. Q. Have you ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18? A: Though I'd like to answer that question, at least today I'm going to have to assert my Fifth, Sixth, and 14th Amendment rights, sir. 
6. At least one of Epstein's underage sex victims was recruited from Trump's Mar-a-Lago '” which he frequented often. 
Virginia Roberts, an alleged victim of Epstein's, "was recruited to perform a massage for Epstein while working as a $9-per-hour locker room attendant at Mar-A-Lago.' 
Roberts claims that 'Epstein turned her into a 'sex slave' and pimped her out to various friends, including England's Prince Andrew. Over the years, the passengers on Epstein's jet, she said, included 'a whole bunch of other girls, sometimes famous people, sometimes some politicians.'" 
7. Trump was subpoenaed in 2009 for his connection to Epstein's under-age sex slave rings. Trump has denied ever being served. 
In 2009, Trump was subpoenaed in a case against Epstein concerning victim Virginia Roberts. Trump's attorney Alan Garten said that the subpoena "never happened." 
"There is no debate over what happened," said one of Roberts' attorneys. "I served Mr. Trump with a subpoena for deposition in 2009. He talked to me voluntarily, and consequently we withdrew the subpoena in light of his voluntarily providing information'¦. I can't imagine there being any dispute of any of this." 
Additionally, Garten told VICE News in January that Mr. Trump has "no relationship" with Epstein other than the Democratic donor frequenting Trump's Mar-A-Lago. "A lot of people hung out there, including Jeffrey Epstein," said Garten. "That is the only connection." 
According to the evidence, however, the connections with Epstein appear to go a lot deeper than that. Tags
ARTICLE

Christie Lost Republicans The 2012 Election. He May Be Losing Them The 2016 Election, Too. By: Ben Shapiro November 4, 2016 
Ambition can be dangerous. Not just for the ambitious man or woman, but for the country '“ for all those who ally with the ambitious person. 
For the last eight years, one of the most ambitious men in politics has been New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Hailed as a conservative darling after taking on teacher's unions in New Jersey '“ brash language about 'punching them in the face' marked his rise as a political force and an up-and-comer in presidential politics '“ Christie has nearly singlehandedly destroyed the Republican Party in two straight presidential elections. 
In 2012, Christie was considered and rejected for vice president by Mitt Romney '“ but then gave the keynote speech in primetime at the Republican convention. There, he spent the bulk of his time talking about his own wonders, ignoring Romney completely. Fox News' Chris Wallace called the speech 'the most curious keynote speech I have ever heard'¦For a moment I forgot who was the nominee of the party.' 
Then, the week before the election, Hurricane Sandy hit the East Coast. While New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told President Obama that his presence was unnecessary, Christie invited Obama to New Jersey, then hugged him and took him on a tour of Atlantic City, where they made political love along the boardwalk underneath the cloudy skies. 'I cannot thank the president enough for his personal concern and compassion for our state,' Christie said, adding that it was 'my honor' to introduce President Obama. Christie was, at the time, facing down rumors that then-Newark Mayor Corey Booker, who is black, would run against him. As The New York Times noted, 'The scene played out on televisions around the country like a stirring campaign ad that hit themes of bipartisanship and crisis management '“ only it was run free of charge.' 
Obama surged in the final days and beat Romney handily. 
Fast forward three years. 
Christie was running in the Republican primaries. He'd done nothing much in the polls; his only hope was to somehow do well in New Hampshire. He had no support in states like South Carolina or Nevada, or southern states dominated by support for Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio. So, naturally, he used his presence at the debate before the New Hampshire primary '“ a state in which Rubio was surging following his Iowa showing '“ to destroy Rubio. Christie rightly labeled Rubio a robotic candidate, Rubio repeated himself, Christie hit him again '“ and Rubio fell apart in the polling. Trump ran away with the state. Almost immediately, Christie quit the race and fell in behind Trump. Thanks in large part to Christie's help, Trump won the nomination. 
Now, with Trump surging in the polls the week before his general election against Hillary Clinton, Christie has struck again: this time, two of his top aides have been found guilty on all charges related to Bridgegate, the scandal in which the Christie administration allegedly blocked bridges in order to punish a local Democrat who wouldn't endorse Christie's re-election bid . This story will allow the media to shift its focus to the Trump campaign, since Christie is leader of Trump's White House transition team. In a tight election, it could be enough to hand Hillary the White House. 
So thanks, Chris Christie. 
The Democrats couldn't have done it without you. Tags
ARTICLE

Those who do not know history are condemned to repeat it.' Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Last month, CoverGirl announced its first hiri Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

11 Stupid Things Vox.com's Matthew Yglesias Has Said By: Aaron Bandler October 26, 2016 
Matt Yglesias of Vox has always been a gold mine of comedy fodder, given his penchant for saying things that are mind-bogglingly asinine. Apparently Yglesias agrees with this sentiment: Matt Yglesias deleted something like 30,000 tweets yesterday. Clearly a man proud of his history of astute analysis and voxplanations. 
Fortunately, the Internet is forever and all of the stupid things that Yglesias has said can still be found and mocked mercilessly. 
Here are 11 things Yglesias has said that are incredibly dumb. 
1. Yglesias was convinced that people would love Obamacare. That is, until he didn't: . @mattyglesias Obamacare marker - which was solid as of 15 minutes ago - appears to no longer be markering pic.twitter.com/a0EyXImI8g '” Omri Ceren (@cerenomri) October 26, 2016 
His 2013 piece is still available though, and in it he whines about how supposedly "the media, for non-ideological reasons, is just massively biased toward negativity about this kind of thing." Yglesias also links to another piece of his in which he claimed that "when Obamacare becomes the status quo, people will still be happy with the status quo quo and easy to frighten." 
In other words, Yglesias felt that the plebs would eventually succumb to his way of thinking. That all fell by the wayside when the Obama administration admitted that premiums were set to increase by an average of 25 percent. 
2. Yglesias made a racist comment toward former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (R). In a 2013 tweet that is now deleted, Yglesias wrote, "Is Bobby Jindal's reputation for intelligence anything other than ethnic stereotyping?" 
Yglesias doubled down on his nasty comment when he received backlash, tweeting: "Oh, fun. Conservative twitter is in bogus outrage mode." 
Eventually, Yglesias backed down, tweeting: "For the record, now that I know more about Jindal's life it's clear that he's a very smart man who just says lots of very dumb stuff." 
The irony of Yglesias saying this was not lost on Twitter: Good thing you don't say dumb stuff. MT @mattyglesias It's clear that Jindal's a very smart man who just says lots of very dumb stuff. '” jon gabriel (@exjon) June 18, 2013 
3. Yglesias once ranted against "dumb Jewish politicians." The leftist pundit wrote a ThinkProgress piece in 2009 that was seriously titled "Dumb Jewish Politicians," in which Yglesias highlighted a passage from Jonathan Chait, who wrote in the New Republic that then-Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) had to be stupid for not supporting the public option. 
"I suspect that Lieberman is the beneficiary, or possibly the victim, of a cultural stereotype that Jews are smart and good with numbers," Chait wrote. "Trust me, it's not true. If Senator Smith from Idaho was angering Democrats by spewing uninformed platitudes, most liberals would deride him as an idiot. With Lieberman, we all suspect it's part of a plan. I think he just has no idea what he's talking about and doesn't care to learn" 
Yglesias agreed: 
I've long held a related theory about Eric Cantor. 
Anyways, this reminds me that at a meeting this morning I pitched the idea of trying to do health reform in a secret Christmas morning session that only Jewish Senators would attend. There's a whole bunch'Š'”'ŠBoxer, Cardin, Feingold, Feinstein, Franken, Kohl, Lautenberg, Levin, Lieberman, Sanders, Schumer, Specter, and Wyden. It's a very progressive bunch and Lieberman could easily be outvoted 
4. Yglesias advocated for ending time zones. Seriously. In what was a typical example of Vox being a waste of space, Yglesias wrote a 2014 piece titled "The case against time zones: They're impractical & outdated." Yglesias pontificated: 
Northern Idaho is connected via I-90 to Spokane and Seattle to its west, but not to Boise to its south so the Couer d'Alene area is on Pacific Time rather than Mountain Time. India has broken with the general scheme and adopted a half-hour staggered time zone so as to place the entire country on one time. 
Yet while these zig-zags and 30-minute zones destroy the pristine geometry of railroad time, they serve a very practical purpose. It is genuinely annoying to schedule meetings, calls, and other arrangements across time zones. The need to constantly specify which time zone you're talking about is a drag. Commuting across time zones would be more annoying still, which is why the suburbs of Chicago that are located in Indiana use Illinois' Central Time rather than Indianapolis' Eastern Time. 
But the ultimate solution to this problem is not a lot of ad hoc deviations. It's to shift the world to one giant time zone. 
Ygleasias then called for "One time to rule them all"'“a phrase that prompted J.R.R. Tolkien to weep in his grave'“and then wrote this doozy: 
If the whole world used a single GMT-based time, schedules would still vary. In general most people would sleep when it's dark out and work when it's light out. So at 23:00, most of London would be at home or in bed and most of Los Angeles would be at the office. But of course London's bartenders would probably be at work while some shift workers in LA would be grabbing a nap. The difference from today is that if you were putting together a London-LA conference call at 21:00 there'd be only one possible interpretation of the proposal. A flight that leaves New York at 14:00 and lands in Paris at 20:00 is a six-hour flight, with no need to keep track of time zones. If your appointment is in El Paso at 11:30 you don't need to remember that it's in a different time zone than the rest of Texas. 
Pejman Yousefzadeh explained just how stupid Yglesias's time zone piece was, writing at Ricochet : "I grant you that there are times when confusion does take place, but seriously, who cares? Is befuddlement regarding time zones really such a pressing issue that Matthew Yglesias has to take to writing an article demanding that we abolish them? Don't the people at Vox have anything better to write about?" 
Apparently they don't. 
5. Yglesias doesn't understand Florida's geography very well. Yglesias wrote a short blurb in The Atlantic in 2007, in which he began thinking aloud about the city of Miami. 
"I'd been interested to know what, if anything, is legally or practically preventing the city from just expanding further and further west if anyone happens to know," Yglesias said. 
People immediately pointed the obvious answer: Miami couldn't do so because there was this thing called a swamp'“most of which is The Everglades National Park'“causing such development to be difficult to accomplish. 
"Yes, yes, commenters I know it's a freaking swamp but there's plenty of development on ex-swampland in Florida -- hence all the canals and weird-looking lakes," an exasperated Yglesias wrote in an update. 
Except that the land is not "ex-swampland," it's an actual swamp . Maybe Yglesias shouldn't write a blurb that involves him thinking aloud. 
6. Yglesias thinks that lying is perfectly fine...if you're a politician. Yglesias found himself getting smacked around on Twitter after he advocated for high-speed rail advocates to provide an "unrealistically optimistic" projection about the number of riders that will use the boondoggle program to obtain funding from the government. 
"For better or for worse, that's politics," Yglesias wrote at ThinkProgress . 
On Twitter, Yglesias attempted to justify it by writing: "Fighting dishonesty with dishonesty is sometimes the right thing for advocates to do, yes." 
And yet, Yglesias had the temerity to accuse journalist Eli Lake of being dishonest on Twitter. 
Yglesias must have realized how badly he put himself in a Catch-22 when he told the Daily Caller to "go f*** yourself" when they tried to interview him about the Twitter incident. 
7. Yglesias once hailed the Department of Veteran Affairs as a healthcare model the country should emulate. The Federalist 's Sean Davis pointed to Yglesias writing in 2009 that the VA was "producing the highest quality care in the country. Their turnaround points the way toward solving America's health-care crisis." Yglesias also tweeted at GOP chairman Reince Priebus in 2013, "Will @Reince be explaining the evils of socialized medicine to veterans?" This tweet was also deleted, and for good reason, since the VA has caused 307,000 veteran deaths due to "systemic" problems with the agency. 
8. Yglesias doesn't understand the purpose of the Senate. Yglesias wrote the following for ThinkProgress in 2009, per the Guardian : 
If you add together the two Republican Senators from Wyoming with the one from Alaska, one from South Dakota, one from New Hampshire, two from Maine, two from Idaho, two from Nebraska, one from Nevada, two from Utah, two from Kansas, two from Mississippi, one from Iowa, two from Oklahoma, two from Kentucky, one from Louisiana, two from South Carolina, and two from Alabama, the 28 of them collectively represent (on a system in which you attribute half the population of a given state to a senator) 11.98 percent of the American population. Meanwhile, Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein together represent 11.95 percent of the American population. 
Now of course Texas is also a big state (though at 7.81 percent of the population it's a lot smaller than California) and there are small states (like Vermont and North Dakota) that have two Democratic Senators. So the point here isn't a narrowly partisan one, though the wacky apportionment of the Senate does have a partisan valence. The point is that this is an unfair and bizarre way to run things. If you consider that the mean state would contain two percent of the population, we have just 34 Senators representing the above-average states even though they collectively contain 69.15 percent of the population. The other 66 Senators represent about 30 percent of the people. If the Iranians were to succeed in overthrowing their theocracy and set about to write a new constitution, nobody in their right mind would recommend this system to them. 
In three paragraphs of rambling, incoherent nonsense, Yglesias missed the fact that the purpose of having two senators representing each state was so states with smaller populations would be properly represented and not have their interests swallowed up by states with larger populations. 
9. Yglesias doesn't understand America's financial system. Yglesias showed his ignorance of the issue when he wrote in a 2013 Slate column that there were "far far far too many banks" in the country, as there were 6,891 at the time. Yglesias bloviated that all these small banks were somehow dangerous: 
1. They are poorly managed: You know how the best and brightest of Wall Street royally screw up sometimes? This doesn't get better when you drill down to the less-bright and not-as-good guys. It gets worse. And since small banks finance themselves almost entirely with loans from FDIC-ensured depositors, nobody is watching the store. In effect, the well-managed banks are being taxed to subsidize the poorly managed ones. The dubious decision-making doesn't get as complicated as what you see on Wall Street'”it's mostly just classic boom-and-bust pro-cyclical commercial real estate loans'”but it creates all the same problems. 2. They can't be regulated: Since these banks are so small, they could be easily driven out of business by high regulatory compliance costs. So since American public policy is perversely committed to preserving them, small banks regularly get various kinds of carve-outs from regulations. And once the carve-outs exist, they create pressure for extension further up the food chain. Other times the compliance issues of small firms become a reason to simply not do tight regulation. 3. They can't compete: If you want the JPMorgan Chases and Bank of Americas of the world to be held to account, you need both regulation and competition. But a bank serving a handful of rural counties or a single midsized city doesn't offer any real competition. Having a large share of America's banking sector tied up in tiny firms only makes it easier for a handful of big boys to monopolize big-time finance. 
Davis debunked Yglesias's argument, which was devoid of citations and falsely claimed that there haven't been any new banks formed in recent years (there were at least four in 2013.) 
"Yglesias' arguments are so poorly reasoned and so poorly supported that it leads one to question whether his post was thoughtlessly regurgitated from anti-community bank talking points promoted by the big banks ('You guys, the Wall Street banks that nearly destroyed America aren't the problem. Small community banks where bankers actually know the borrowers are the real problem. Don't worry about the facts. Just go with it.')," Davis wrote in The Federalist . "I'm actually at a loss to come up with a more charitable explanation." 
10. Yglesias thinks that black conservatives are a recent phenomenon. After reading a review of a Booker T. Washington biography, Yglesias started thinking about "'black conservative' political tradition," prompting him to write in a 2009 ThinkProgress post, "It's only extremely recently that the idea of an African-American aligning himself, Ã  la Clarence Thomas, with the mainstream conservative movement in America could be remotely possible. But even so, that didn't mean there was no ideological conflict in black politics or that general rightist sentiments somehow didn't exist." 
This is patently false, as Damon Root explained in Reason : 
Actually, the great Harlem Renaissance author and journalist George Schuyler'”who was known as the 'œblack H.L. Mencken''”published 'œgeneral rightist sentiments' long before Clarence Thomas came on the scene, including Schuyler's unambiguously titled 1966 autobiography Black and Conservative. And the celebrated novelist and folklorist Zora Neale Hurston both endorsed conservative Sen. Robert A. Taft in the 1952 presidential election and repeatedly attacked FDR's New Deal... 
11. Yglesias expressed joy when Andrew Breitbart died. Following Breitbart's death, Yglesias tweeted : "Conventions around dead people are ridiculous. The world outlook is slightly improved with @AndrewBrietbart [sic] dead." 
This tweet has also been deleted, and for good reason'“celebrating the death of someone just because of political differences is worse than stupid, it's ghoulish, vile and reprehensible. And Slate defended Yglesias, stating that he "is a very passionate journalist and Slate values that passion." 
Apparently Slate believes that "passion" trumps basic human decency and a reasonable IQ level, and Yglesias certainly does not possess the latter two qualities. 
ARTICLE

Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

An email released by Wikileaks reveals annoyance from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign directors with one of their media allies: left-wing CNBC Democrat John Harwood. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Video: Women On The Street Explain Why They Hate Hillary By: Chase Stephens November 8, 2016 
Media analyst and YouTuber Mark Dice took to the streets once again to ask the public what they think of this year's presidential election, specifically, what they think about ol' Crooked Hillary. 
In the video (below), titled "Why Women Hate Hillary Clinton," Dice gives women the opportunity to voice their concerns about the character and integrity of the former Secretary of State, and the results are brutally honest. 


"What's wrong with Hillary? Why do everybody hate her," Dice asks the first woman who replies, "Because she's a criminal." 
"She's a liar and I hate her voice," another woman tells him, adding, "Her voice drives me crazy." 
A few more ladies tell Mark that Hillary is a liar, she's terrible, with one woman adding, "She lost to Obama eight years ago so why is she still running. It's kind of absurd to me." 
The women also had problems with Hillary's constant scandals, dirty money, bad policies, and her relentlessly playing the gender card. 
"I just believe in more personal freedom and less government control," one jogger told the host, while another summed it up with, "It's time for a change, Hillary's out of here." 
Exit thought from Dice: 
Hillary Clinton is not a woman. It is a demon. Stop saying "first female this, and first female that." Demons have no gender. '” Mark Dice (@MarkDice) August 31, 2016 

ARTICLE

Let's face it, the stereotype that millennials are entitled, narcissistic, spoiled brats is pretty darn accurate.  
ARTICLE

Donna Brazile, the corrupt head of the Democratic National Committee, assured everyone that she has a clear conscience about her unethical behavior at CNN.  
ARTICLE

 
ARTICLE

On Tuesday night, in a scenario that has only occurred four times in American history, the presidency was won by a candidate who lost the popular vote . Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

I was dead wrong about this election. 
I was wrong that Donald Trump would not win in the primaries. 
I was wrong that Donald Trump would not beat Hillary Clinton in the general election. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

The Media Lost All of Its Political Power Last Night -- Thank You, Donald Trump! By: John Nolte November 9, 2016 
The morally dark Obama-era is over and utterly and totally repudiated. The Clintons have finally and forever been staked in their mercenary black hearts. Our smug, supremacist overlords in the Elite Establishment of both Parties, these rotting, rent-seeking parasites, are now vanquished. But nothing is grander, nothing is more glorious, nothing is more satisfying, nothing is sweeter, nothing is more validating, nothing is better for America than the death of the mainstream media's political power. 
The elite national political media is done as a force, moral or otherwise, in this country. Done. Buried. Exposed. Over. Out. And using a slow-acting poison called hubris, it was death by suicide. So smug. So sure of themselves. So sanctimonious. So snark-filled. So utterly incapable of anything close to self-reflection. 
The self-induced poison took effect over a number of years and through five steps. 
Here they are. 
1. Pimping for ObamaCare 
The national political media didn't just cheerlead for ObamaCare, they LIED to us. Willfully and with malicious intent, they all lied to us. The outlawing of almost every existing insurance plan was right there in the bill, right there in black and white. But the media didn't care. They wanted to give their Precious Obama a win and in order to do that, they jumped on board the "You Can Keep Your Insurance" propaganda express. Worse, those of us who did tell the truth were branded as liars and racists, not only by the pundits but by those godforsaken fact-checkers. 
Then Utopia met reality. 
Then the lies were exposed. 
And the result is that up to and including last night, at both the local and national level, ObamaCare has decimated the Democrat Party. But nowhere near as bad as it has decimated the middle class. 
The media's role in this is unforgivable and destroyed whatever remained of their moral authority. From here on, they could only get more sweaty, desperate, and dangerous. 
2. Casting off Every Journalistic Ethic to Destroy Trump 
Openly, proudly, and belligerently, in order to hijack a presidential election, we were treated to the Pompous Announcement that Trump was such a threat to humanity, it was now time for journalists throughout the land to cast off every standard that makes journalism journalism, starting with objectivity. 
Even former good guys like CNN's Jake Tapper morphed into an unrecognizable LyingSnarkVirtueSignalingMachines -- another rotting cog in the Narrative Wheel, a mindless member of a self-deluded, government-worshiping cult that wouldn't piss on Middle America if we were on fire. 
Professional sobriety was cast off because this one was in the bag, baby! And who could miss the historic opportunity to self-righteously point-and-laugh at the hideous rubes as they were finally and forever being buried alive under a Brave New World. 
3. Grind Donald Trump To Dust 
While there is no question Trump deserved a few of the kitchen sinks hurled his way, never in my 50 years have I seen such a coordinated, desperate, dishonest, and poisonous campaign to disqualify a human being through the dark art of stripping him and his supporters of all their humanity. 
4. Embracing Confirmation Bias 
The longer the general election rolled on, the smaller the bubble of self-delusion became. 
Inconvenient polls were sneered at and Voxsplained away. 
Exit polls could only means ONE thing, even though it was pretty clear they might mean another. 
My personal favorite was the late editorials where, based on no counted votes whatsoever, we were trolled with the news that it was Hillary, not Trump, who would emerge victorious with the "hidden vote!" Oh, the delicious irony of that. Oh, how lovely it would be to rub that in the rubes' faces on Election Night. 
By the time the votes were actually being counted, I was about 60% sure Hillary would win. The New York Times, however, was 92% sure. ABCNBCCBSAPBSNPRCNNWashingtonPostPolitico were 100% sure. 
But even I understood that state and local polls were more erratic than ever, that Hillary did seem legitimately freaked about the upper Midwest, that the best pollster in the country had Trump up +2, that Trump never lost his fervent base, that the right track/wrong track numbers had been upside down for a decade, that there was still a larger-than-usual number of undecideds, that this thing that was Real might not be enough to win, but it was still Real. 
No, no, we were told, it's all smoke and mirrors, all gold-leafed Trump Steaks. Look at Obama's approval ratings! Look at the Hispanic vote! Look at this squirrel and that squirrel and the other squirrel over there. Sit down, son, don't you understand that I'm a data machine? It's science, rube. Don't you Vox, racist? 
And then the worst thing imaginable happened'¦. 
5. The Media Lost the Election 
The hate, the lies, the removal of the mask of objectivity, the pushing of every single chip into the middle of the table -- that can actually work '¦ IF YOU WIN. 
But the media didn't win. 
In the most spectacular fashion, with their pants down and their bare ass hanging out for the world to see, they lost. 
And with that loss went EVERYTHING. 
And now the media is exposed in front of the whole world as a Swaggering Potemkin Bully that no longer has the power to sway public opinion, even when they throw absolutely everything they have at one man, and do so with much of the Republican Party on their side. 
Not only has the media forever been exposed as brazenly dishonest and laughably out of touch, worse than all that, they are exposed as WEAK, a force no one need ever fear or kowtow to again. 
Without that sheen of fear, without that threat of intimidation, like a vanquished bully, so goes all their power. 
F*** you, mainstream media. 
-- 
The delicious irony of all this is that the last desperate gasp of the political media did actually prove their precious Barack Obama correct about one thing'¦ 
The moral arc of history does indeed bend towards justice. 

Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC Tags 
ARTICLE

After Donald Trump's political-world-shattering upset of Hillary Clinton, the polling industry finds itself facing an existential crisis. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

On Tuesday night, President-elect Donald Trump pulled off one of the greatest upsets in political history, defying all odds and abundant mockery to become the next leader of the free world.  
ARTICLE

Video: Trump Voter Dragged from His Car, Brutally Beaten, and Robbed by Gang of Hillary Supporters By: Chase Stephens November 10, 2016 
A YouTube video that's making the rounds appears to show a man being beaten and robbed in the middle of the street by a group laughing and shouting that he voted for Trump. 
In the clip (below), what appears to be a middle-aged white man is on the ground while two younger black males are hitting and kicking him in the head. The camera person yells, "Happens when you vote Trump, dummy," while a woman next to him shouts, "You voted Trump? You voted Trump? Damn! Yeah, he voted Trump! Damn!" 


The man continues to struggle against his two attackers until he gets up and sees that a woman, presumably associated with the attackers, is going through the his car looking for valuables. 
"Get out of my car," the man yells as he approaches the women, who shouts back, "You're gonna pay for my shit!" One of the attackers returns and starts punching the man from behind in the back of the head and then continues swinging as the man turns around. 
The camera man and his companion continue their color commentary by laughing and yelling, "Beat his ass! Don't vote Trump! Don't vote Trump!" 
The video ends with the group acknowledging that they should leave before the police arrive. 
In the longer version of the video (below) posted on Twitter, one of the attackers gets into the driver's seat and closes the door. The beaten Trump supporter stands at the car window, presumably telling the thief to get out, as the woman starts to punch him in the back of the head and is joined by the second attacker. 
The criminal then hits the gas and takes off in the car as the man desperately holds on from outside through the rear door's window while being dragged through the streets. 
(Warning: strong language) Blacks beat white man, steal car, dragging his body. Fbook vid caption: "They Caught A Trump Already" @prisonplanet @Cernovich @JaredWyand pic.twitter.com/yWSX7QdQGH '” Sculder Mully 2016 (@MiddleOfMayhem) November 10, 2016 
In case YouTube continues to take down the video, a third version is posted below : 

ARTICLE

 
The day after Donald Trump's historic upset of the 'inevitable' Hillary Clinton, Rush Limbaugh took to the radio waves to help out all the left-wing 'Drive-By' media struggling to understand what they had just witnessed '” though they probably weren't thrilled to hear his summa  
ARTICLE

In a campus-wide email to students, North Carolina (NC) State University chancellor Randy Woodson announced that grieving students would be provided with resources such as 'conversation spaces' and 'comfort' food such as  
ARTICLE

Students at the University of Texas (UT) at Austin took to marching across their school campus in response to Tuesday's election outcome.  
ARTICLE

Poll: Sexism Was NOT A Factor In Hillary's Loss By: Aaron Bandler November 11, 2016 
Some leftists still reeling from Hillary Clinton's stunning defeat on Tuesday are blaming her defeat on supposed sexism against a woman president. However, a new poll suggests that sexism did not play a role at all in Clinton's loss. 
The poll, conducted by Conquest Communications Group and published on Just Facts , featured a question specifically geared toward gauging potential sexism: "If you were faced with a choice between a male and a female presidential candidate, who would you vote for?" 
Here were the results (emphasis added): 
Overall, 69% of voters said 'It does not matter,' 15% preferred a female, 12% preferred a male, 3% were unsure, and 1% refused to answer. 
Male voters and Trump voters were more likely than any other groups to say 'It does not matter,' at 73% and 72% respectively. The other groups were not far behind and within the margins of error, with rates of: 67% for Clinton voters. 66% for undecided voters. 64% for females. 
Naturally, supporters of Trump were more likely to support a male president than a female president'“25 percent to 2 percent, respectively'“and Clinton supporters were more likely to support female president than a male president, 27 percent to 5 percent, respectively. 
The survey was conducted from October 11-23, so it was taken a couple of weeks before the election. But it's hard to imagine a majority of voters all of a sudden turned into a bunch of sexists. 
There is a little bias towards a male president among Trump voters and a little bias towards a female president among Clinton voters, but the results of the survey suggest that overall, the genitalia of a candidate is not a significant factor involved in most voters when it comes to choosing the next president of the United States. 
Democrats will have to find a different strategy for identity politics since the gender card doesn't work. Speaking of identity politics, it looks like the race card seems to be in trouble as well . Tags 
ARTICLE

 
There's a scene at the end of the remarkably terrible film, 'The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen,' in which Sean Connery's Allan Quartermain has died, and is buried. The audience breathes a sigh of relief. This wretched film dragged itself across the finish line, and that's the end of it.  
ARTICLE

On Thursday, socialist septuagenarian Bernie Sanders, 75, said he wouldn't necessarily rule out running for president in 2020, when he will be nearly 80.  
ARTICLE

Aaron Bandler November 11, 2016 
President-elect Donald Trump. That is still a term that is surreal to a lot of people, as he was not expected to win on Tuesday. What were the driving factors that propelled Trump to the presidency? How was he able to pull off such a stunning upset? 
Here are seven reasons why Trump won. 
1. Hillary Clinton was unable to get the minority vote to turn out for her. Last night, Dems were calling the race a "Whitelash" -- wrong. Mitt won 59% of white vote, Trump won 58%. Minority voters didn't turn out. '” David French (@DavidAFrench) November 9, 2016 
In fact, Trump was able to get a larger share of the minority vote than Mitt Romney did in 2012, as the Daily Wire has explained : 
Unsurprisingly, Trump lost to Clinton in the Latino and black votes by margins of 88 percent to 8 percent and 65 percent and 29 percent, respectively. Surprisingly, this was better than Romney fared among the aforementioned demographics in 2012, as he lost both groups by margins of 93 percent to 7 percent and 71 percent to 27 percent, respectively 
Michael Barone has noted that "turnout fell in heavily black Philadelphia, Cleveland, Detroit, and Milwaukee. Millennial generation turnout was tepid, and Trump carried white Millennials by 5 points." 
The enthusiasm was just not there for Clinton. 
2. Trump was able to pull in former Obama voters. According to the Washington Post , Trump was able to win over one-third of the 700 counties that went for Obama twice. Clinton was only able to win six of the 2,200 counties that didn't go for Obama. Trump was better at obtaining crossover voters than Clinton was. 
So who are these former Obama voters who voted for Trump in 2016, and what caused them to switch? 
3. These former Obama voters felt that Trump cared about them, and the Democrat Party did not. John Daniel Davidson explains in The Federalist that Clinton and the Democrat Party took the blue-collar, working class whites in the Rust Belt for granted'“exemplified by Clinton's pledge "to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business"'“and it was to their detriment. The Rust Belt has been in economic decline for years, but it has suffered greatly from the Obama administration's regulations towards coal. 
While the Democrats wrote off the Rust Belt, Trump actually acknowledged their struggles, and that was all it took. 
"Trump was the first national political figure in generations who saw them, acknowledged that they have been left behind, that their cities and towns are in a state of persistent decline, and promised to help out somehow," writes Davidson. "When you're used to being dismissed as bitter folks who cling to guns and religion, as President Obama did in 2008, or denounced as 'deplorables' and 'irredeemable,' as Hillary Clinton did during this election, respect goes a long way'”even if there are no easy solutions, from Washington or anywhere else, to the problems that plague your town." 
4. The FBI re-opening its investigation into Hillary's emails helped Trump. Per RedState , author Ed Klein said on the Steve Malzberg Show that Clinton was sobbing "inconsolably" on election night and was blaming FBI director James Comey re-opening the investigation as well as Obama for not stopping the investigation as to why she lost. 
There's no question that the re-opening of the investigation did considerably help Trump, as the polls severely tightened after the announcement. Poll numbers showed that the vast majority of Americans felt that Hillary was acting in an immoral manner. The spotlight was off of Trump's vulgar comments towards women and his sexual assault accusers, and instead the focus was on Clinton's private email server. But Clinton is leaving out one major person who is responsible for her loss... 
5. Hillary was a terrible candidate. If Clinton had been elected president, she would have been the first elected president to have been the subject of numerous FBI investigations. She broke the law by using her private email server to conduct official State Department business and there was a lot of quid pro quo that occurred at the Clinton Foundation . Clinton is robotic and devoid of charisma with a record in politics that is short of accomplishments but rich in failure, sleaze, and corruption. Basically, Clinton is "an Obama Democrat without Obama's charm," according to Jonah Goldberg . 
She may have been the only Democratic candidate that could lose to Trump, and the Democrats wanted to coronate her from the beginning. They have no one to blame but themselves for President Trump. 
6. The public no longer has any faith in the media'“and that includes late-night comics. Will Rahn wrote at CBS News that the "unbearable smugness" of the Clinton-biased media was off-putting to a lot of voters, as they sneered at Trump supporters as stupid backward hicks while doing everything they could to prop up Clinton. Trump's vitriol toward the press ended up benefiting him politically. Poll numbers reflect this, as trust in the media has declined over the years. Rahn explains: 
Journalists increasingly don't even believe in the possibility of reasoned disagreement, and as such ascribe cynical motives to those who think about things a different way. We see this in the ongoing veneration of 'facts,' the ones peddled by explainer websites and data journalists who believe themselves to be curiously post-ideological. 
That the explainers and data journalists so frequently get things hilariously wrong never invites the soul-searching you'd think it would. Instead, it all just somehow leads us to more smugness, more meanness, more certainty from the reporters and pundits. Faced with defeat, we retreat further into our bubble, assumptions left unchecked. No, it's the voters who are wrong. 
As a direct result, we get it wrong with greater frequency. Out on the road, we forget to ask the right questions. We can't even imagine the right question. We go into assignments too certain that what we find will serve to justify our biases. The public's estimation of the press declines even further -- fewer than one-in-three Americans trust the press, per Gallup -- which starts the cycle anew. 
The same applies to late-night comics. Mollie Hemingway writes in The Federalist that Jon Stewart is partly responsible for the election of Trump because of how he single-handedly destroyed CNN's Crossfire, resulting in "a new age of hyper-political, hyper-liberal late-night comedy." Stewart's The Daily Show spawned Stephen Colbert, John Oliver, Trevor Noah and several other lefty comics that perverted comedy into smarmy left-wing political lectures talking down to conservatives. 
"Jon Stewart is known for brutally deriding a show that featured people of differing views civilly discussing issues of the day," writes Hemingway. "He got that show killed and significantly strengthened the world where cultural elites engaged in groupthink mockery of those with whom they disagree. The results include a further erosion of civility, a decrease in Americans' ability to understand each other and their concerns, and, of all things, President-elect Donald Trump." 
Which all culminates into the main reason why Trump was elected... 
7. Americans are tired of being trashed by leftist elites. Ben Shapiro explains : 
Trump won because many Americans were sick of being told that they were the racists as Barack Obama and his Department of Justice stoked race riots in major cities around the country. 
Trump won because many Americans were sick of watching other Americans being destroyed for their supposed intolerance '“ for their religious beliefs, for their unwillingness to label women men and men women, for their support for traditional marriage or conservative political candidates. 
Trump won because many Americans were tired of the media's constant harping on America's flaws '“ we were supposedly sexist, racist, and homophobic. Americans said that they did not believe the media, and they were right to do so. 
In other words, the left has been tearing down America as a country infested with intolerant, prejudicial bigots who are incapable of thinking for themselves and needed to rely on them on how to live their lives. The people finally had had enough, so they elected the man whom they felt best stuck it to the leftist elites. Tags 
ARTICLE

This Is The Best Picture In Human History By: November 10, 2016 
This is the best picture in human history. 
It is the best picture in human history because it tells the entire tale of both parties, the republic, and why we are where we are. 
On the left side of this picture, we have Donald Trump '“ a reality television star and lifelong vulgarian, the new president-elect of the United States. He points his fingers and smiles that Apprentice smile as he makes a point. 
On the right side of this picture, we have Barack Obama '“ a man who considered himself a paragon of dignity and rectitude, who thought of himself as a transformative figure and an intellectual giant. He sits next to the man who maintained for years that his birth certificate was a fraud, the man who has the opportunity to undo virtually his entire agenda within the first month of his assumption of office. And Obama, rightly, looks like a man with a pole shoved so far up his rectum that the glint of steel is visible behind his eyes. 
Behind Obama sits a bust of Abraham Lincoln, his eyes downcast, mourning for his country. 
Yep. 
Greatest picture ever. 
This is a picture of justice done and karma ascendant. Barack Obama's image of himself is not accurate '“ to Americans, Obama is a reality TV show star. He transformed the presidency from a dignified office into a selfie-stick, celebrity-ridden sinkhole of Hollywood glitterati, hobnobbing with Glozell and Macklemore, cracking wise about the presidency with Jimmy Kimmel before saying that a reality star like Trump could never be president. 
This picture looks like the chickens coming home to roost, as Obama's former pastor might put it. 
And then there's Lincoln. 
Lincoln, who gave his life and spent his presidency building the groundwork for racial toleration, mourning behind Barack Obama, who has spent his presidency polarizing for electoral gain. 
Lincoln, who represented wisdom, mourning behind a clown as the clown gestures to the assembled crowd. Given Republicans' domination of the Senate and the Congress, I have hopes for Trump's presidency '“ I hope he keeps his promises and that he becomes a better man and a wonderful president, and believe he has every obligation to fulfill his conservative campaign promises '“ but Trump occupying Lincoln's office is, at best, a jarring visual. 
That's the picture. 
ARTICLE

 
In April, seven Muslim women, six of whom were wearing hijabs, were asked to give up their table at the popular Urth Caffe in Laguna Beach, California. According to the staff, the women were in violation of the cafe's rush hour policy. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

During the crazy 2016 presidential election, scores of Hillary-backers from the across the nation and numerous Hollywood elites vowed to pack up and leave the United States if Rep Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Yoko Ono, the artist known for such monumental works as 'Breaking up The Beatles' and well, that's really it, has taken to Twitter to once again insert herself into the political sphere. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Frank Camp November 13, 2016 
During an interview with Lesley Stahl for 60 Minutes , which will air in its entirety Sunday night, Donald Trump began to walk back his campaign promise regarding the deportation of illegal immigrants: 
"We are getting them out of our country," the president elect said about the several million illegal immigrants with serious criminal records. "After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we're going to make a determination on the people you're talking about who are terrific people, they're terrific people who we're going to make a determination on, but before we make a determination, we want to secure our border." 
Gasp. 
Donald Trump rose to political fame on the back of his strong stance on illegal immigration. Throughout the primary process, he promised a " deportation force ," telling MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski in November 2015: 
"You're going to have a deportation force, and you're going to do it humanely. Don't forget, Mika, that you have millions of people that are waiting in line to come into this country and they're waiting to come in legally. And I always say the wall, we're going to build the wall. It's going to be a real deal. It's going to be a real wall." 
In August, Trump delivered a major immigration speech in Phoenix, Arizona, in which he softened his stance a bit, focusing on illegal immigrants who have committed serious crimes: 
"Within ICE, I am going to create a new special deportation task force focused on identifying and quickly removing the most dangerous criminal illegal immigrants in America who have evaded justice." 
He then added that "anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country. Otherwise we don't have a country." 
During the final presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, Trump reiterated his position against amnesty: 
"Well, first of all, [Clinton] wants to give amnesty, which is a disaster and very unfair to all of the people that are waiting on line for many, many years. We need strong borders." 
For Trump diehards, these statements were enough. Their guy was going to deport 11 million illegal immigrants, and no one would tell them otherwise. However, as anyone with access to Google should know, the president elect has long supported amnesty in some fashion. 
In July 2015, Donald Trump told CNN's Dana Bash: 
"I would get people out and then have an expedited way of getting them back into the country so they can be legal'¦A lot of these people are helping us'¦and sometimes it's jobs a citizen of the United States doesn't want to do. I want to move 'em out, and we're going to move 'em back in and let them be legal." 
What Trump was talking about is known as "touchback amnesty." Such a plan would indeed involve the deportation of illegal immigrants, but allow them an expedited means of returning to the United States in order to obtain legal status. In other words, they touch base in their home country, then come right back. 
In November 2015, Eric Trump repeated his father's plan during an interview with Fox News' Megyn Kelly: 
"The point isn't just deporting them, it's deporting them and letting them back in legally. He's been so clear about that and I know the liberal media wants to misconstrue it, but its deporting them and letting them back legally." 
Going back further, Trump's support for amnesty is even more stark. Speaking on Fox & Friends in 2012, he said: 
"For people that have been here for years that have been hard-workers, have good jobs, they're supporting their family'“it's very, very tough to just say 'By the way, 22 years, you have to leave. Get out''¦I'm one of the world's very conservative people, but I have to tell you on a human basis, how do you throw somebody out that's lived in this country for twenty years?" 
During the 2012 presidential election cycle, Trump even called Mitt Romney's idea of self-deportation " maniacal ," and remarked that Republican Party policy toward illegal immigrants was " mean-spirited ." 
Donald Trump is a man who will say whatever he needs to in order to win. Now that he has won, he's already backtracking on multiple campaign promises, from the repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to the deportation of illegal immigrants. Tags 
ARTICLE

3 Thoughts On Steve Bannon As White House 'Chief Strategist' By: Ben Shapiro November 14, 2016 
So, in a not-unexpected move, Donald Trump has elevated former Breitbart News CEO Steve Bannon to chief strategist of the White House. 
When I left Breitbart back in March, I accused Bannon of turning Breitbart News into Trump Pravda ; as I wrote, 'Indeed, Breitbart News, under the chairmanship of Steve Bannon, has put a stake through the heart of Andrew's legacy. In my opinion, Steve Bannon is a bully, and has sold out Andrew's mission in order to back another bully, Donald Trump; he has shaped the company into Trump's personal Pravda, to the extent that he abandoned and undercut his own reporter.' 
That decision paid off for Bannon '“ in August, he became Trump's campaign 'CEO.' At that point, I wrote this piece describing who Bannon was , and this one for The Washington Post describing his probable impact on the campaign . 
With Bannon's accession to a top White House role, it's time to answer some brief questions about the man and what he's likely to do. 
Is Bannon Anti-Semitic And Racist? I have no evidence that Bannon's a racist or that he's an anti-Semite; the Huffington Post's blaring headline 'WHITE NATIONALIST IN THE WHITE HOUSE' is overstated, at the very least. With that said, as I wrote at The Washington Post in August, Bannon has openly embraced the racist and anti-Semitic alt-right '“ he called his Breitbart ' the platform of the alt-right .' Milo Yiannopoulos, the star writer at the site, is an alt-right popularizer , even as he continuously declares with a wink that he's not a member. The left's opposition to Trump, and their attempts to declare all Trump support the alt-right have obfuscated what the movement is. The movement isn't all Trump supporters. It's not conservatives unsatisfied with Paul Ryan, nor is it people angry at the media. Bannon knows that. He's a smart man, not an ignorant one. The alt-right, in a nutshell, believes that Western culture is inseparable from European ethnicity . I have no evidence Bannon believes that personally. But he's happy to pander to those people and make common cause with them in order to transform conservatism into European far-right nationalist populism. That means that the alt-right will cheer Bannon along as he marbles Trump's speeches with talk of 'globalism' '“ and that Bannon won't be pushing Trump to dump the racists and anti-Semites who support Trump anytime soon. After all, they love Bannon '“ actual white supremacists like Peter Brimelow called his August appointment 'great news,' and Richard Spencer explained, 'Breitbart has elective affinities with the Alt Right, and the Alt Right has clearly influenced Breitbart. In this way, Breitbart has acted as a 'gateway' to Alt Right ideas and writers. I don't think it has done this deliberately; again, it's a matter of elective affinities.' That doesn't mean Bannon will push racist or anti-Semitic policy, or that he'll be anti-Israel himself '“ unless it serves his interests. 
What Does Bannon's Accession Mean? Bannon has goals. One of those goals is maximization of personal power, which is why he spent the last decade and a half glomming onto powerful right-wing personalities (Bachmann, Morris, Palin), kissing their asses, and then moving on up the chain. With Breitbart and Trump, he picked two winners in a row '“ and that means he's now at the pinnacle of American power. 
So, what will he do with that power? He'll target enemies. Bannon is one of the most vicious people in politics, which is why I've been joking for months that should Trump win, I'd be expecting my IRS audit any moment. That wasn't completely a joke. He likes to destroy people. 
But more importantly, Bannon's interested in turning the Republican Party into a far-right European party. Because Republicans will like some of the policy that comes with that, it could happen. Here's what I wrote in March about the Trump movement : 
Trump is a European-style response to the European-style leftism of Barack Obama. He's a soft European-style populist, from his interventionist economics to his closed-borders foreign policy. As I wrote in December, 'Compare Trump's platform with that of Marine Le Pen, whose French National Front poses a significant threat to the national political establishment. She calls for harsher penalties for criminals, significant restrictions on Muslim immigration to France, protectionism on trade, a restoration of the Franc as the national currency rather than the Euro, and big government in terms of health care. This sounds a lot like Trump.' But the European right is not the American right. The American right believes in Constitutional ideas about checks and balances and federalism and negative rights from government. The European right doesn't believe any of these things. Should Trump win, we could watch American conservatism lose the only party it has ever had. 
That's the plan. Yesterday, The Daily Beast reported that Bannon reached out to Le Pen for 'global ultra-right coalition.' Over the weekend Le Pen met with Nigel Farage of the UK Independent Party. And Trump met with Farage shortly after being elected. Bannon has always wanted to burn down the GOP. That's still his goal. He wants it replaced with an American National Front party in fact if not in name. 
Which War Will Bannon Lead? Bannon considers himself a wartime consigliore '“ always at war. Always. So the only question left is this: what will Bannon's actual role be? It's difficult to tell, since Trump announced the Bannon hire at the same time he announced that former RNC chairman Reince Priebus as his chief of staff. What will their relationship be like? Ed Morrissey of HotAir thinks that Bannon will lead the anti-media fight, and Reince will coordinate with Congress. That would be the best possible scenario. 
Others have speculated that Bannon has been added to the team as a sop to the populist base, which would be angry at Trump hopping into bed with the most establishment-y fellow in Washington. That, too, would be fine. 
It's hard to tell from the outside what's happening, but here's a third theory: Reince is the bagman for Trump, and Bannon's whispering in Trump's ear. That would fit the fact pattern here, given Reince's outsized praise for Bannon this morning: 'wise and smart'¦very, very smart, very temperate.' Bannon is anything but temperate to those who disagree. He's a consummate bully to anyone who disagrees; he's actually malevolent. Priebus may not have seen a lot of disagreement because he's the one catering to Bannon's agenda. 
If Bannon's leading and Reince is following, that bodes ill for the Republican agenda. Bannon opposes the Republican Party, hates Paul Ryan '“ minutes after the joint Bannon/Priebus announcement, Breitbart News approvingly tweeted about a Congressional rebellion against Speaker Ryan '“ and wants to watch it all 'burn.' Bannon loves the firefight. The only question is which direction he'll turn his fire. Tags
ARTICLE

A new poll from Rasmussen Reports showed that 69 percent of Americans don't trust the media at all or very much.  
ARTICLE

Like most people on Election Day, I expected Hillary Clinton to become President. I could not have been in a better setting to find out the tides were turning.  
ARTICLE

Shapiro Eviscerates Raucous Protesters At University Of Wisconsin By: Hank Berrien November 16, 2016 
Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro spoke at the University of Wisconsin-Madison on Wednesday night, and amid raucous leftist protesters who consistently tried to interrupt him and even blocked him from being seen by the audience by creating a human wall in front of him, found a way to respond with hilarious repartee that left the audience howling and the protesters eventually filing meekly out of the auditorium. 
After the ovation he received on entering, Shapiro quipped, 'Hey look at this. A campus that doesn't actually try to arrest me when I come.' He continued, 'Before I begin, I did come bearing gifts for the social justice warriors in this room. I hear you've started wearing these safety pins around because you want to show your fellow college students how you're not one of these awful, terrible Trump people, that you're sensitive, and that you want to signal your virtue, so I've brought along these safety pins, (holding up safety pins) and I also brought you something to wear them with '“ this diaper." 
Shapiro then held up a diaper, prompting huge laughs from the audience. 
When a protester yelled at Shapiro that he should be 'wearing a swastika,' Shapiro held out his yarmulke, then fired back, 'In case you hadn't noticed, the folks with the swastikas aren't too nice to my type.' 
Shapiro continued, 'Stop being self-indulgent children; stop pretending that everybody who voted for Trump is a vicious racist; it's your right to protest, of course, but you just make yourself look like an idiot when you cry over a duly-held election '¦ Donald Trump doesn't care about your protest. Donald Trump is sitting somewhere in Trump Tower eating a steak and bathing in your salty, salty tears.' 
Referring to the attempt by leftists to prevent people who weren't university students from attending Shapiro's lecture, Shapiro opined: 'I hear that a lot of folks at this publicly-funded university want this campus to become a sanctuary campus for illegal immigrants. I do have a quick question: if this campus can be a sanctuary for people in the country illegally, why are so many people trying to ban American citizens from this community from coming to this lecture? And by the way, I'm aware of this private Facebook page titled 'F(***) White Supremacy: Interrupting Ben Shapiro.' With all due respect, 'F' you right back, gang.' 
After the applause subsided and Shapiro joked about how both Black Lives Mater and the KKK target him, the real fun began. Protesters stood up, chanting, 'Shame' over and over again. 
Shapiro quipped, 'Wow, it's like Game of Thrones . Should I get undressed and walk down the aisle?' 
The bulk of the crowd started booing the protesters. Shapiro addressed the protesters, saying, 'I'm happy to talk with you,' but they responded by screaming 'safety' over and over. Shapiro joked, 'Did somebody fart?' The crowd responded to the protesters by chanting, 'USA.' 
Shapiro replied, 'I tell you try not to be children; the first thing you do is start screaming like my two-year-old.' He added, 'You see, this is how conservatives actually treat people; you stand up and you interrupt and you shout 'Safety,' and you're perfectly safe. Look at that. It's amazing.' That provoked sustained applause. 
When the protesters started screaming 'Shame' again, Shapiro eviscerated them, pointing out, 'If you're going to pick a chant like 'Shame,' watch Game of Thrones first. The bad guys shout 'Shame.'' The audience loved that line. On a roll, Shapiro continued, 'You're not changing anybody's mind, All you're showing everybody is that your collective IQ, if it were channeled into electricity, night be able to toast a piece of bread lightly.' 
He continued, 'Okay, can we talk now, or are you going to keep shouting? Now's your chance to get it out. Let's hear your feelings. C'mon. Just go for it. Or is it going to be like every thirty seconds; like an annoying microwave timer?' 
When the protesters resumed chanting, Shapiro responded, 'If you guys want to talk, we can talk, If you want to shout, get the hell out.' More applause. 
Shapiro fired, 'For God's sake, at least wait until I say something that offends you before getting offended." 
Shapiro returned to deconstructing the term 'social justice.' When the protesters started again, a woman who runs a soup kitchen stood up, and admonished the protesters that she had driven for ten hours that day, and that they should 'shut freaking up and listen to the man speak.' That prompted a standing ovation from the crowd and Shapiro. too. He added, 'See, that's what a decent, hard-working person sounds like as opposed to a loser student here on the public dime, presumably.' 
Shapiro returned to his speech: 'Racial diversity doesn't mean anything; decency means everything '¦ Diversity isn't our strength; decency is our strength.' He turned to the protesters: Remember that? Decency.' 
The protesters screamed back, 'Shame!' Shapiro fired back, 'Decency!' The protesters chanted 'Shame' but the crowd soon joined Shapiro in chanting 'Decency,' shutting the protesters up. 
As Shapiro spoke of the falsity of 'white privilege,' the protesters formed a line in front of Shapiro, prompting him to quip, 'If you guys are all going to come up here, can we all just have circle time or something?' 
The protesters chanted 'Safety' for a minute and a half, but then the crowd started yelling back, 'Free speech matters.' Shapiro turned to the blackboard behind him and wrote in capital letters, 'MORONS' That again prompted cheering. 
One member of the audience yelled to the protesters, 'At least tell us what you want, or otherwise, just get out!' That brought a sustained ovation. 
After one protester tried to deliver a whiny monologue, the protesters started shouting 'Safety' again, then filed out, yelling 'F*** white supremacy' while flipping off Shapiro and the entire audience. That prompted the crowd to sing, 'Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na, hey, hey, good-bye.' It also promoted this from Shapiro: 
Even after leaving the lecture hall, protestors continued to pound on the door. 
After Shapiro explained why the protesters had not been arrested, as the university stated that it gave the protesters time to protest at the front of the stage, or otherwise it would have to shut down the entire event, he continued, 'All I can wonder is if the administration would allow the same sort of privilege for any sort of conservative who decided to do this at a leftist event.' 
Even after leaving the lecture hall, protestors continued to pound on the door, prompting Shapiro to quip, 'Doesn't this school give homework? Does anybody have a job around here? I guess when you're majoring in gender and diversity studies you have a lot of time on your hands.' 
Shapiro noted that he had engaged in a back-and-forth with one of the protesters, who accused him of being a white supremacist. When he asked her why she thought so, she replied that she got that impression from his image. He fired back, 'Really? Was it the yarmulke that did it for you?' 
He took another shot at the protesters during the speech, noting that people were born unequal, and adding, 'Some people us are born rich; some of us are born poor; some of us are born smart; some of us are born protesters.' 
The rest of the speech was vintage Shapiro, as was the Q&A afterward. Even the chalk was impressive: 
Went back to the lecture hall and grabbed the EXACT piece of chalk @benshapiro used to write MORONS! #FactsNotFeelings #onlyatYAF pic.twitter.com/W0Ch06SaGR '” Japheth Patterson (@japhood) November 17, 2016 

Video of entire event below: 

ARTICLE

Gallup: Americans More Confident In Trump Since Election By: Robert Kraychik November 16, 2016 A Gallup poll published on Wednesday indicates that 51% of Americans are more confident in Donald Trump's ability to serve as president following last week's presidential election. 40%, conversely, are less confident. Partisanship was strongly correlated with the poll's respondents' responses: 95% of Trump voters said they were more confident in presidential capacity after the election, with 75% of Clinton voters saying they were now less confident. The same question was put to Americans by Gallup following the 1992 and 2000 presidential elections. Five weeks after the 1992 election, 84% of Bill Clinton voters said they were more confident in his presidential capability as opposed to 23% of George H. Bush voters and 37% of Ross Perot voters. In 2000, 85% of George W. Bush voters were more confident in his ability to be president as opposed to 29% of Al Gore voters. H/T Kaitlyn Scallhorn at The Blaze 
ARTICLE

5 Things You Need to Know About 'Sanctuary Cities' By: Aaron Bandler November 16, 2016 
With Donald Trump elected to the presidency, one of the policies that will likely come under fire is sanctuary cities, cities with policies that make them safe havens for illegal aliens. The issue became front-and-center during the early portion of the Republican primary when Trump decried the murder of Kate Steinle by an illegal alien in San Francisco, a sanctuary city. 
In response to the election of Trump, leftist city leaders are digging in, officials in Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston signaling that they will not cooperate with the federal government's deportation efforts. Here are five things you need to know about sanctuary cities. 
1. Sanctuary cities are a blatant violation of federal law. Some on the left have tried to claim that they're perfectly legal, but this is clearly false. As James Walsh , former associate general counsel of Immigration and Naturalization Services, explains, 8 USC section 1324 "deals with those persons who knowingly conceal, harbor, or shield undocumented aliens and could apply to officials in sanctuary cities and states." 
The fact that leftists are digging their heels in on sanctuary cities means they're supporting a form of nullification, an irony not missed by Victor Davis Hanson : 
Much of the rural West opposes the Endangered Species Act. Can Wyoming declare that federally protected rats and bugs are not protected inside its state borders, when such pests obstruct construction of dams or highways? Many conservatives oppose federal restrictions on gun sales. Could Oklahoma City declare hand-gun purchases within its city-limits free of federal firearms statutes? Perhaps Little Rock could ignore a Supreme Court ruling and announce that gay marriage is not legal within its jurisdiction. On what rationale would liberals in California object to such nullifications -- that neither state nor city had the right to ignore a federal law or to obstruct the law enforcement duties of federal officials? 
Trump and the GOP can fight against sanctuary cities by cutting off federal funding and sending in federal agents to mandate the cities to follow the law. 
2. Sanctuary cities undermine law enforcement. Not only do they refuse to cooperate with federal agents in deporting illegals, sanctuary cities make it more difficult for police officers to do their job. Some police officers in the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) expressed their frustration with the city's sanctuary city policy to Heather Mac Donald in 2004: 
'We can't even talk about it,' says a frustrated LAPD captain. 'People are afraid of a backlash from Hispanics.' Another LAPD commander in a predominantly Hispanic, gang-infested district sighs: 'I would get a firestorm of criticism if I talked about [enforcing the immigration law against illegals].' 
In that 2004 piece, Mac Donald documents how members of the LAPD were able to recognize known gang members, but couldn't do anything to apprehend them until they had committed a crime '“ despite the fact that they were illegals who repeatedly snuck back into the country. This is the case with other sanctuary cities as well. 
3. Sanctuary cities are "akin to roulette." "The odds suggest that most illegal aliens detained by officials are not career felons and thus supposedly need not be turned over to ICE for deportation," writes Hanson. "On the chance that some of their 10,000 released criminals will go on to commit further crimes in the manner of Juan Lopez-Sanchez, officials then shrug that the public outcry will be episodic and quickly die down, or will at least not pose political problems as great as would come from deporting aliens." 
But the odds don't suggest this. Hanson notes that according to Mac Donald, "Two-thirds of all outstanding felony warrants in the city of Los Angeles involved illegal aliens -- as well as 95% of outstanding murder warrants." 
Additionally, Jessica Vaughn of the Center for Immigration Studies found that in a nine-month timeframe in 2014, sanctuary cities shielded 9,265 illegals from deportation, 62 percent of which "had significant prior criminal histories" and 2,320 of them were subsequently rearrested for new crimes, according to Daniel Horowitz at Conservative Review. 
"There is no telling how many have committed crimes and were never caught," writes Horowitz. "This is just a nine-month snapshot of the devastation from sanctuary policies. As of last year, 69% of them were still at large. So much for not being a flight risk." 
According to Vaughn , from January 2014 to September 30, 2015, sanctuary cities rebuked over 17,000 detainers, 68 percent of which involved "individuals with a prior criminal history." 
Based on these statistics, it would seem that the odds are against the cities' residents who could be harmed by criminal aliens, which makes it no surprise that... 
4. Crime has surged in sanctuary cities. The Daily Wire 's Hank Berrien reported on the following from Louisiana attorney general Jeff Landry: 
According to Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry, crime has risen in "sanctuary cities" across the nation. 
Landry told the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, that sanctuary city policies "allow illegals to commit crimes, then roam free in our communities." Landry's appearance was prompted by the changed status of New Orleans, where city police are now banned from asking an individual's immigration status. 
Using recent statistics from Los Angeles, another sanctuary city, Landry asserted, 'Los Angeles saw all crime rise in 2015: violent crime up 19.9 percent, homicides up 10.2 percent, shooting victims up 12.6 percent, rapes up 8.6 percent, robberies up 12.3 percent, and aggravated assault up 27.5 percent '¦ (sanctuary cities) encourage further illegal immigration and promote an underground economy that sabotages the tax base." 
This would make sense given the aforementioned statistics and the fact that there is a clear link between illegal immigration and crime . 
5. There are an estimated 300 sanctuary cities, counties, and states, according to Vaughn. The full map on such jurisdictions can be seen here . Do you live in a sanctuary city? 
ARTICLE

The Left Says I Hate Myself For Voting Trump While Female. I Don't. I Just Hate You. By: Amanda Prestigiacomo November 17, 2016 
As a woman who rejects third-wave feminism with the burning passion of a thousand suns on a regular basis, I've had my fair share of feminists tell me that I only reject them and their ideas because I suffer from "internalized misogyny," or, in other words, I'm a self-loathing sexist. 
Here's exactly how Everyday Feminism defines "internalized misogyny," if you're unfamiliar with bats*** crazy: 
Internalized misogyny, by definition, is sexism turned inward toward ourselves and outward toward other women. 
It becomes innate as we are socialized to the norms of our culture that indicate, overtly and covertly, that women are less than men '“ less worthy, less strong, less dependable, less able, less of a leader, less logical '“ while also more than men: more emotional, more irrational, more complex, more to manage. 
Of course, this is ridiculous, and I gave such an assertion about as much time as a I would a male feminist hitting on me: zero seconds. 
But on Wednesday, I learned that Team Hillary, the political left, likewise thought me a self-loathing sexist who passed on my obligation to vote for Queen Pantsuit because I couldn't stomach the thought of a powerful woman, since I apparently believe women are lessers. In fact, I'”a woman with a chronic case of "internalized misogyny''”cost Hillary the election; not her decision to engage in potentially criminal activity, nor her inability to campaign her way out of a paper bag. It was my fault. Clinton campaign communications director @jess_mc on election loss: "Internalized misogyny is a real thing" #inners https://t.co/8RV74T0UIh '” All In w/Chris Hayes (@allinwithchris) November 15, 2016 
Yeah, no. I didn't pull the lever for Trump because I hate myself. I don't. Not even a little actually. I just hate you. 
Let me define "you." 
"You" are the feminists who contend my uterus must dictate all my choices; those who make it their mission to drag down any woman who has the audacity to veer from your ideology one iota. 
"You" are the feminists who tell me that there's a special place in hell for me if I don't cast my ballot for Crooked Hillary. (Like all of a sudden feminists believe in God and an afterlife. LOL.) 
"You" are the feminists who tell me I'm super mean and *shame* women when I point out that bragging about murdering unborn babies is gross and despicable. By the way, it is gross and despicable . 
"You" are the feminists who demonize men with think-pieces on how and why we should banish so-called " toxic masculinity " from this world. 
"You" are the feminists who shut men up because of their gender while simultaneously telling me gender is a social construct. And no, I will not cater to your preferred pronouns, you entitled brat. (Pro-tip: Once the number of genders you've made-up passes the number of flavors at Baskin Robbins, it's time to admit you have a problem.) 
"You" are the social justice warriors who tell me I'm a hateful, selfish, capitalistic pig from your iPhone at your local safe space, equipped with coloring books, bubbles and puppies, across from the Starbucks you work weekends at. 
"You" are the social justice warriors who viciously riot when you don't get your way, meanwhile you're not even registered to vote . 
"You" are the social justice warriors shouting-down any free speech which doesn't perfectly align with your ideology, ironically in the name of tolerance and inclusiveness. 
"You" are the virtue-signaling celebrities who think I give a hoot about your political stance. Please, go ahead and move to Canada, no one will miss you. I certainly won't. 
"You" are the mainstream media so desperate for your leftist narrative that you'll lie to the American people to advance it; so hell-bent on painting middle-America and Republicans as racist you'll frame actual policy discussions into a segment of "Who's The Biggest Xenophobe: Republican Edition." 
"You" are the leftist telling me I'm a racist for not supporting the divisive hate group Black Lives Matter. First of all, it's mostly comprised of a bunch of loser white kids. Second of all, call me crazy, but once you start calling for and actually assassinating police officers , I'm out. I know, how *racist* of me. 
"You" are leftists calling me an Islamophobe because I use the term "radical Islam" and resist an influx of refugees whom the FBI said we cannot properly vet pouring into our country. 
You see, this election had virtually nothing to do with Donald Trump'”I could take him or leave him'”and almost everything to do with you, the left. Trump was indeed a protest vote; he was a direct repudiation of everything you stand for and everything you tell me I should stand for by virtue of my uterus. 
So, no, I'm not a self-loathing victim of "the patriarchy" who passed on a vote for Hillary because she's a woman. I just hate you. 

ARTICLE

Media Claim Trump Transition Chaos. Trump's Way Ahead of Schedule. By: Ben Shapiro November 18, 2016 
The media, desperately in search of a narrative to cast the incoming Trump administration as dangerously incompetent, are once again overplaying their hands. Instead of focusing on the nepotistic fact that Trump relies heavily on his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and his daughter, Ivanka '“ he invited them to a state meeting with Japan '“ they're trying to claim that he just isn't moving fast enough on appointments. 
That's nuts. 
Barack Obama didn't name his picks for Secretary of State, Defense, or Attorney General until December 1, nearly a month after the November 4, 2008 election. George W. Bush didn't name his picks for State, Defense, or Attorney General until mid-December (December 16 for Colin Powell, December 28 for Donald Rumsfeld, December 22 for John Ashcroft). Bill Clinton didn't name his picks for those positions until at least December 22. George H.W. Bush was the fastest off the mark '“ he named James Baker Secretary of State the day after the November 8 election. Ronald Reagan waited until December 11 to get started; Jimmy Carter waited until December 3. 
We're still waiting on Trump's State and Defense picks, but he's already out of the gate with Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General. It's November 17. 
The media are so eager to bury Trump's administration that they are falling all over themselves to do so. Instead of soberly covering potential problems with top level picks '“ Steve Bannon, for example, is a rotten pick , but not because he's a racist or anti-Semite '“ the media keep proclaiming THE END IS NEAR. This sort of alarmism doesn't convince Americans, who don't really see why there's any giant rush to appoint people who aren't going to be formally considered by the Senate until January 20 anyway. 
If this election was about repudiation of the media '“ and it was '“ the media aren't doing themselves any favors when they promulgate fact-free narratives while simultaneously attempting to label conservative outlets 'fake news.' For years, Americans have assumed that the leftist media are ladling them fake news each day. Each day, the media seem determined to prove them right. Tags 
ARTICLE

Donald Trump's pick to be the new director of the CIA, Rep. Mike Pompeo, has minced no words about the Iran nuclear deal:  
ARTICLE

7 Things You Need To Know About Trump Attorney General Pick Jeff Sessions By: Aaron Bandler November 18, 2016 
President-elect Donald Trump has announced that his selection for attorney general is Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), who has long been a favorite of conservatives. The Democrats already have the long knives out for Sessions, spit-balling their usual accusations of racism'“which should indicate that Sessions will be an effective attorney general. 
Here are seven things you need to know about Sessions. 
1. Sessions has a 78 percent liberty score on Conservative Review . Sessions has been in the Senate for 20 years, and has been described by the Washington Times as "a tea partier before the tea party was cool," per Conservative Review 's biography . 
2. Sessions has been one of the leaders in the Senate in fighting against amnesty. For instance, Sessions was among the most prominent members of the Senate leading the opposition to the Gang of Eight Bill. National Review , which dubbed Sessions "amnesty's worst enemy," explained how Sessions would reveal "true facts" about the bill in an attempt to persuade some senators that hadn't decided how to vote on the legislation. Sessions and Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) would find other clever ways to oppose the bill, such as "an amendment to a resolution honoring the late Latino union organizer Cesar Chavez" in which Vitter noted Chavez's opposition to illegal immigration, putting Sen. Bob Menendez (D-NJ) in "an awkward position." 
In 2015, Sessions introduced a bill that would overhaul the immigration system, according to Conservative Review : Overturned the Zadvydas v. Davis Supreme Court case that Obama is using as an excuse to release criminal aliens after six months of detention Explicitly deputized the states to enforce federal immigration law Eliminated sanctuary cities by cutting off DHS and DOJ law enforcement grants Expedited deportation of gang members Applied the ramifications of treating illegal aliens as criminal aliens to those convicted of drunk driving Clamped down on loopholes that allow legal immigrants who commit crimes to continue on the path to citizenship instead of getting deported (this would address cases like the legal immigrant who murdered the family in the Washington, D.C. 'mansion murders') 
Sessions has also fought efforts to increase legal immigration, as he has railed against it as "the primary source of low-wage immigration into the United States." 
"What we need now is immigration moderation: slowing the pace of new arrivals so that wages can rise, welfare rolls can shrink and the forces of assimilation can knit us all more closely together," Sessions wrote in a 2015 op-ed in the Washington Post . 
3. Sessions has also spearheaded efforts to crack down on budgetary issues. According to Conservative Review 's biography of Sessions: 
In January 2011, he was named Ranking Member of the Senate Budget Committee. In this capacity, he led the Republican charge against Majority Leader Harry Reid and Barack Obama for not offering a serious budget proposal, given that the Senate had not passed a budget since April 2009. He has fought guerilla warfare, often a lonely battle, against Democrats spending by raising budget point of orders against the breach of budget caps. He has even fought his own party when his office put out devastating research against the Ryan-Murray budget deal. Sessions has also been a strong leader on welfare reform and publishing studies and data on the extent of the welfare state. 
Sessions has voted against the TARP bailout, stimulus bills, and increases to the debt limit and has traveled through his state "with charts warning of the United States' 'crippling' debt," per the Washington Post . 
4. Sessions endorsed Trump early on. To the surprise of many in the establishment, Sessions endorsed Trump in February, declaring , "I believe we are on a movement that must not fade away. This is a campaign, this is a movement. The American people are not happy with their government." 
It shouldn't have come as a surprise though, given Session's record on immigration and that Sessions tends to be more protectionist on trade. 
5. Sessions is well-liked by his Senate colleagues on a personal level. According to the Washington Post : 
"Say what you will about him," former longtime Senate Democratic communications aide Jim Manley told the Almanac of American Politics. "He was always nice to [the late Ted] Kennedy and other Democrats as well." 
Even people who have run against him have nice things to say about him. Stanley-Becker talked to Susan Parker, a Democrat who tried to unseat Sessions in 2002. During a debate, she asked for a tissue and Sessions handed her one. She joked she would use it to dry her eyes when Sessions made her cry, and he responded: "Please don't say that. That's my nightmare. I promise I'll be nice." 
It's no wonder then that Sessions will likely be confirmed by the Senate. 
6. Accusations of racism against Sessions are absurd. When President Ronald Reagan nominated Sessions, who at the time was a U.S. attorney, to a federal judge, the Democrats smeared Sessions with accusations of racism, which included: Calling a black attorney "boy." Quipping about the Ku Klux Klan: "I used to think they were OK, but they are pot smokers." Joking that a white attorney was "a traitor to his race" because he was collaborating with civil rights groups. Calling the NAACP and ACLU "un-American." Prosecuting a civil rights organization for voter fraud. 
The last point isn't racist at all. The jokes, as Ben Shapiro has written , were made "in front of the black lawyer; even the lawyer accusing Sessions of racism acknowledged that Sessions was joking." Clearly Sessions meant them as harmless jokes. Sessions has also denied calling the lawyer "boy." The civil rights group Sessions prosecuted has faced accusations of voter fraud for many years. 
Sessions' record on race actually shows that he has consistently fought against racism, as The Weekly Standard 's Mark Hemingway writes: 
As a U.S. Attorney he filed several cases to desegregate schools in Alabama. And he also prosecuted the head of the state Klan, Henry Francis Hays, for abducting and killing Michael Donald, a black teenager selected at random. Sessions insisted on the death penalty for Hays. When he was later elected the state Attorney General, Sessions followed through and made sure the Hays executed. The successful prosecution of Hays also led to a $7 million civil judgment against the Klan, effectively breaking the back of the KKK in Alabama. 
7. As attorney general, Sessions would uphold the rule of law. The reason why Sessions has been such an immigration hawk is that he supports the rule of law. He has also fought against judicial activist nominees and is a strong supporter of the death penalty. Between that and his legal background as a U.S. attorney and Alabama attorney general, there is every reason to believe that Sessions will follow the law and not politicize the Justice Department. 
"His interpretation of the law will not please everyone, but I predict it will be fairly applied without fear or favor," Robert Driscoll , former deputy assistant attorney general, wrote in National Review . "Clear cases will be prosecuted with vigor. Creative interpretations of the law may cease, but the meat-and-potatoes work of the division (intentional discrimination, police misconduct, disability law) will continue apace, conducted without impropriety or political favoritism. That alone will be a breath of fresh air." Tags 
ARTICLE

Fulfilling a commitment he made last week to pursue baseless innuendo of conflicts of interest between Presiden  
ARTICLE

Left-wing CNN's John Berman guest-hosted a panel of pundits who failed to articulate broad political forces that underwrote President-elect Donald Trump's victory on November 8. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

On Sunday morning, a San Antonio police officer was killed after being shot twice in the head by an armed suspect who fled the scene shortly after the attack. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

House Democrats are pushing President Obama to pardon illegal immigrants temporarily protected from deportation by a 2012 executive order.  
ARTICLE

Democratic Congressman Threatens Violence If GOP Tries To Defund Planned Parenthood By: Hank Berrien November 21, 2016 
The Democratic congressman who is challenging House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi, Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan, threatened a 'Youngstown street fight' if Donald Trump attempts to defund Planned Parenthood. 
Speaking with Jake Tapper on CNN's State of the Union on Sunday, Ryan intimated that defunding Planned Parenthood wasn't the only stimulus he would need to launch violence. He stated, 'If he tries to defund Planned Parenthood, if he tries to kick people off their health insurance, if they try to privatize Medicare or cut taxes for the wealthy, you know, we are going to have a Youngstown street fight in the Capitol.' 
Youngstown has been plagued by violent street fights in the recent past; last May and August violence erupted on the streets of the city. 
Ryan called Trump's infrastructure plan 'a bunch of smoke and mirrors.' He added that he didn't blame Pelosi for focusing any specific economic issues: 'I can't in good conscience hang this election around Nancy Pelosi's neck, of course. But, moving forward, we have to win congressional seats in areas of the country that voted for Donald Trump, even in my district, where they voted for me and they voted for Donald Trump.' 
Ryan's campaign to replace Pelsoi is picking up steam; on Sunday, New York Rep. Kathleen Rice endorsed him, stating, "He has a lot of good ideas, but maybe most importantly, he also isn't suggesting he has all the answers '” he has stressed that he wants these conversations to be ongoing, that he wants more voices in the conversation so that we can work together to craft our message and forge a winning strategy," Rice said in a statement. 
Rice tweeted: Excited to announce my support for @RepTimRyan to serve as our next Democratic Leader. Full statement: https://t.co/LiwFUAxzxa #Dems4Change '” Kathleen Rice (@RepKathleenRice) November 20, 2016 Tags 
ARTICLE

SNOWFLAKE: Colbert Didn't Want To Write Jokes About Trump Winning By: Hank Berrien November 21, 2016 
Conversing with fellow Daily Show 'comic' John Oliver at the Montclair Film Festival on Saturday night, Late Show unfunny host Stephen Colbert admitted that he couldn't even conceive that Donald trump would win the presidency; so much so that he couldn't write jokes bout Trump winning for election night. 
In the roughly two-hour discussion and Q&A titled 'Wow, That Was Weird,' Montclair Film Festival executive director Tom Hall set the somber tone by allowing, "When we planned this evening, I think we all thought we'd be looking back with laughter instead of looking forward with deep concern about the uncertainty we face." 
Speaking of the Late Show 's Election Night special on Showtime, Colbert admitted that the staff was prepared for every result of the election except the one that actually transpired: 
There was not a bear big enough in the world that we weren't loaded for. We were so loaded for every possible eventuality. We had so many guests. We had so many pre-taped pieces, all based on a different eventuality. We had three shows: Hillary Clinton wins and we know; Hillary Clinton wins and we don't know, because it's not called before the show's over; Donald Trump's going to win and we don't know, because everyone said he had such a narrow path to victory. That's not wishful thinking, that's what everyone was saying. 
And then there was the last show, which is the show we did, which is Donald Trump is going to win and we know he's going to win. My execs and my writers were like, 'You don't want to write something for that?' and I'm like, 'No! There is nothing you can write. You don't understand. I have 400 people in my theater. If we know Donald Trump is going to win, it's going to be like doing stand-up comedy for one of those Chilean soccer stadiums where the villagers watch you execute one of the natives. There will be no laughter!' We only did about 20 minutes of material before we went, 'F'” it, it's going to be him, let's just talk for another hour.' So I think we have two and a half whole shows that you will never see of material that we had to kill that night. 
Colbert moaned that the special was "the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," adding, "I was tying my tie at 10:30 and I went, 'Oh, he took Ohio. Oh, well, we expected that. He took it by 11 points. Wow! That's not expected.' And then over my guests' shoulders, people kept holding up signs that said, 'Florida, Iowa, Nebraska.'" He revealed that numerous fake commercials were prepared, but "none of them were appropriate once we knew we were playing to an audience of the condemned. Our audience was sobbing openly. And those are people who work for me, like my cameramen." 
As Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro pointed out years ago , Colbert's manipulative act has been laced with hatred of conservatives: 
He engages in Conservativeface. He needs no makeup or bulbous appendage to play a conservative '“ after all, conservatives come in every shape and size. Instead, he acts as though he is a conservative '“ an idiotic, racist, sexist, bigoted, brutal conservative. He out-Archie Bunkers Archie Bunker. His audience laughs and scoffs at brutal religious 'Colbert' who wishes to persecute gays; they chortle at evil sexist 'Colbert' who thinks men are victims of sexism. This is the purpose of Colbert's routine. His show is about pure hatred for conservatives in the same way that blackface was about pure hatred of blacks. In order to justify their racism, racists had to create a false perception of blacks; in the same way, Colbert and his audience can justify their racism only by creating a false perception of conservatives. 
On Saturday night, Colbert waxed eloquent over his fear of a Trump presidency, arguing, "I'm all for giving him a chance, but don't give him an inch. Because I believed everything he said, and I remember everything he said. And it's horrifying. It's possible. The job changes a man. That's the cliche of the presidency." He pontificated: 
Every president tries to achieve what they promised and you can say, 'Well, there are levers of power in Washington that can slow him down.' But two things: One is they're cowards. Second is that the levers in Washington are apparently merely attached to blinking red lights that make the people happy when they pull. Because they tried to stop Trump. Everybody tried to stop Trump, do not delude yourself. 
Everyone except the people he's going to appoint tried to stop him and they didn't. He owes them nothing. He goes out on the balcony and he says to the crowd, 'Shall I do it?' And they say, ''Yes.' And he says, 'It shall be so.' And the balcony is Twitter. He goes onto Twitter and he goes, 'What do you think? Do you think I'm right?' That's what scares me, that he owes the checks and balances of Washington nothing because they tried to stop him and they couldn't. And he's a vindictive person. So it's all going to be fine. Merry Christmas. 'No! There is nothing you can write." Stephen Colbert 
Colbert concluded, "The next person who says to me, 'You must be happy on a certain level,' is going to have their eye carved out.' 
So that's the man underneath the comedy mask . . .
ARTICLE

On Sunday, Secretary of State John Kerry marked 'Transgender Day of Remembrance' with a released statement on the State Department website, imploring the United States to focus on the treatment of transgender people  
ARTICLE

Just a few days after launching into a 40-minute, concert-wrecking rant in which he declared amid a chorus of boos from his audience that he would have voted for Donald Trump, Kanye West has been  
ARTICLE

Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Obama Won't Go Away After He's Done. That's Good News. By: November 21, 2016 
So, soon-to-be-ex-President Obama won't be going away anytime soon. 
After George W. Bush left office, he essentially went silent. He had no criticism for President Obama; he didn't sound off about Mitt Romney or Donald Trump. He went away. Not so for Obama. It seems that Barack Obama will follow the Jimmy Carter pathway to Annoyingland: he'll be commenting whenever possible. After acknowledging that Bush 'could not have been more gracious to me when I came in,' Obama said, 'As an American citizen who cares deeply about our country, if there are issues that have less to do with the specifics of some legislative proposal or battle or go to core questions about our values and ideals, and if I think that it's necessary or helpful for me to defend those ideals, I'll examine it when it comes.' 
This comes as welcome news for Republicans. Obama's policy unpopularity '“ and his tendency to lecture from on high to Americans in rural areas '“ means that he'll suck all the oxygen out of the room when it comes to criticizing Trump and Republicans. Middle Americans voted for Trump in order to sound off against Obama's obvious scorn for them. Here's what Obama had to say about those who didn't vote for Trump in today's Der Spiegel : 
If you look at the new generation of Americans, they reflect the vision that I spoke about. They're diverse. They believe in tolerance. They're accepting of things like same-sex marriage. They believe in integration. The problem, though, is that young people are less likely to vote than older people. What results is a situation in which sometimes the elections don't fully reflect the views of the American population. Essentially, the president-elect was supported by about 27 percent of the American population. One of our challenges, historically, is that we have very low voting rates, even during presidential elections. 
This sort of language drove Americans to Trump. And if Obama continues to critique Trump from the outside with this sort of language, not only will he be doing Trump a favor, he'll be preventing any other Democrat from taking a leading role in opposing Trump. He'll become the point of resistance for his own party '“ and his party won't be able to escape his shadow. 
Obama's ego has already cost his party the presidency, the Senate, the House, a bevy of state legislators and governor's mansions. Now it may cost them the future. 
Excellent. 
ARTICLE

Meet All The Pundits Pandering For A Trump Adminstration Job By: Aaron Bandler November 22, 2016 
With Donald Trump set to take office in a couple of months, a number of his lackeys have reportedly been in talks about possibly serving in the administration. As of this writing, there are three pro-Trump pundits that might be in the Trump administration. 
Eric Bolling. Politico reported that Bolling was seen at Trump Tower and was reportedly discussed for a position in the Department of Commerce. What exactly that position that will be is not clear. Bolling told Politico that he "can't confirm anything." 
Geraldo Rivera flat-out asked Bolling on The Five if he had been offered a job, and Bolling gave a non-answer . 
Bolling has been with Fox News since 2008, where he is the co-host of The Five and hosts the weekend show Cashin' In . Before then, he had been an analyst on CNBC and a New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) trader. Bolling has been an ardent supporter of Trump from the get-go, to the point where he resorted to some loony ideas . 
Laura Ingraham. According to CNN Money , Ingraham is being heavily considered for President Trump's press secretary. Here is what Ingraham has said on the matter: 
"I am honored to be considered for that job and other jobs. So we'll see what happens," Ingraham said on Fox News. 
She cautioned: "I think people are getting a little far ahead of the narrative." But she strongly suggested that some sort of Trump administration post is in the works. 
"It's a big decision, but I'm at the point where, if my country needs me, and if I can do something to actually, you know, advance the Trump agenda, which is stuff I have written about now for 15 years, with trade, immigration and just renewing America, then I obviously have to seriously consider that," she told Fox's Tucker Carlson. 
Like Bolling, Ingraham, who has been a nationally syndicated radio host since 2001 , has also been an early supporter of Trump, going as far as saying that #NeverTrump conservatives support partial birth abortion, and her website, LifeZette, attacked conservatives like Ben Shapiro for opposing the Alt-Right. (As usual, Shapiro punched back hard .) 
Jeanine Pirro. Pirro, accompanied by Rudy Giuliani, was seen headed inside Trump Tower, which has led to speculation that she is being considered for a job in the Trump administration, according to Page Six . What that job would be is not known. 
Pirro also has been an early Trump supporter, and she has claimed to have known him for 30 years . Pirro's ex-husband, Al Pirro, has been described as "a man Donald Trump keeps on retainer" as a real-estate lawyer, and Trump once donated $20,000 to Pirro when she ran for New York state attorney general. 
Pirro has been with Fox News since 2006 and hosts Justice with Judge Jeanine on Saturdays. She also has an extensive legal career as a prosecutor in the state of New York and initially challenged Hillary Clinton when she ran for re-election in the Senate before dropping out to run for state attorney general. Tags 
ARTICLE

Democrats furious that Donald Trump won the presidency despite the fact that Hillary Clinton surpassed him in the popular vote by almost two million votes, have formed a battle plan to eradicate the Electoral College, which enabled Trump to triumph.  
ARTICLE

Mike Rowe, the ex- Dirty Jobs star and current host of Somebody's Gotta Do It, took to his Facebook page once again to address a current topic of controversy. And, as usual, nailed it. 
One of Rowe's fan sent him a message saying,  
ARTICLE

Tuesday marked the 53rd anniversary of the John F. Kennedy assassination. Since then, innumerable conspiracy theories have propped up attempting to explain the Democratic president's untimely death.  
ARTICLE

On The Kelly File Monday, actor Tim Allen discussed the hypocrisy of Hollywood liberals, who he noted constantly complained about Trump being a 'bully,' but now are the ones doing the bullying of the tiny minority of Trump supporters wh  
ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump met with the media on Monday in Trump Tower and gave them a massive tongue-lashing. Many conservatives have rightly cheered the biased media finally getting some pushback, but did the contentious meeting help or hurt the situation? Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Video: Underwater Handgun Takes Fishing to the Next Level of Fun By: Chase Stephens November 23, 2016 
For some people, fishing is a long, boring day of sitting and staring endlessly at a rod and reel that may never get a bite. But what if you could get down with those mocking water-breathers and have high-noon shoot-out with them the way nature intended? 
Well, that's just what some Florida boys thought when they decided to take their modified Glock 9mm pistol into the Gulf of Mexico to help deal with the infestation of Lionfish. 
TheSickest provides some more details on the Lionfish overpopulation problem and the boys' creative way to address it: 
"Lionfish are an invasive species with no natural predators who's females lay a staggering two million eggs a year. The intersection between ammunition-happy Americans and the determent of an overpopulated species is where the the use of this new sporting phenomenon was birthed. 
Lionsfish were never intended to be in the Gulf of Mexico, and while its speculated that their transplant may be linked to a hurricanes back in the 90's, because of their rapid reproductive nature the waters have become flooded by their presence. 
A single Lionsfish consumes 80% reef's edible baitfish within five weeks of arriving on that reef '“ incredibly damaging to plant that is the cornerstone of the underwater ecosystem. The issue has gotten to a point where entering the Florida coast at any time can mean running across thousands of Lionsfish, just posted up chilling. 
The good news is that the introduction of the gun has the potential of bringing hunters and otherwise uninterested fishers to the gulf for a fun filled time of shooting underwater, an activity that actually looks like a blast." 
The video below shows just how fun it can be: 


"Shooting invasive Lionfish over 100ft underwater with customized Glock 9mm handgun in the Gulf of Mexico," the video description states. "The project started to see if we could shoot a gun underwater and it evolved into much more with the right people involved. Lionfish are an invasive species that need to be eradicated. All weapons modifications done under supervision of Airborne Arms Inc license holder "07-Manufacturer of Firearms other than Destructive Devices" with support of Lone Wolf Glock Parts. www.lonewolfdist.com" 
Exit video of another group of fisherman who've combined skiing with barbarian weaponry to help deal with Peoria, Illinois' Asian carp problem: 

ARTICLE

According to The Wall Street Journal , President-elect Donald Trump's son, Donald, attended a meeting in Paris that was hosted by a think tank connected to Russia that convened  
ARTICLE

On Tuesday, President Barack Obama gave the Medal of Freedom to several celebrities, the last time he will ever hand out such medals.  
