ARTICLE

¬´ Previous - Next ¬ª 300 US Marines To Be Deployed To Russian Border In Norway 
It has long been a controversy for the United States often getting involved in affairs that shouldn't necessarily involve them. Many other countries believe that the United State is nothing more warmongers who lust for more power and authority over the many weaker countries throughout the world, hence the history of unwarranted wars that have taken place throughout. 
Some of these range from the Vietnam War, which was shown to have been a basis that never existed in the Gulf of Tonkin event. Another infamous event includes the idea to invade Iraq, which included the destruction of many innocent people, but did not assist in any way for any other country. It created more hatred however. Troops From US May Open Up Shop In Norway 
Despite all this, it is now being believed that US troops may be joining their NATO ally in Norway by stationing troops in the country of Norway. It is expected to involve over 300 marines going to Norway. This is troubling as it is the first time foreign troops have come to the country, since the devastating events of World War ll. Could this possibly be a preparation for World War lll, if the United States is coming to a country that is near Russia? 
It could affect Norway as the Defense Minister has expressed serious concern regarding the Russian military, which has continued to flex its muscles through the takeover of many smaller countries with mere ease. Norway has come under some fire about the decision to involve the United States as some believe this is not a good signal to show to someone that opposes them as it looks like they are welcoming the idea of a war . 
Some also believe that Norway should try to defend itself by reinforcing its own army rather than involving the United States troops to give them a helping hand. Some also believe that it makes them look rather weak if they are instantly calling upon their strongest ally in the United States to help them as soon as they start to have a fear of a certain situation. 
What remains unknown is what may develop upon stationing these troops. Is World War lll on the cusp of existence with the strategic and sudden move by Norway? Hopefully not, because this could easily be as devastating as all of the other wars combined, given the advancement of fighting techniques. 
This article (300 US Marines To Be Deployed To Russian Border In Norway) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Wake the F... UP America # 0 
I've never been more disgusted with the world and what's going on in it. 
How the fuck is it possible, to have an entire side of a continent, completely in the dark and uncaring about the bullshit wars happening over there in the east. 
Who the fuck do we think we are going into another god damn country, saying who the fuck should do what the fuck with their god damn time, their god damn rights and to what ultimate purpose do we serve fighting someone elses fucking war for them. 
Are you kidding me, that we spend how much fucking money fighting a bunch of god damn who knows what the fuck! 
This is some seriously disturbing shit happening here! 
I can't even imagine what kind of Gustapo shit it's going to take for every citizen of every god damn province, city, territory, continent, god damn mother fucking family units upon family units to say enough already. 
Round up ohh I don't know, what is it? A couple fucking thousand people on this entire planet with the amount of money exceeding the wealth of how many people and nations, take all those mother fuckers benefiting off of all of us and our suffering and just take everything away from them and send them off to try again in some slums off the west coast 
Sweet mother fucking justice of mother earth, that would be something to be prized and enjoyed for sure. 
Normally it doesn' matter who you vote for in an election. It's all rigged. But this election is different. This election has a wild card gone rogue. This dude says what the fuck he wants when he wants and doesn't give a shit who he's defending. 
If you have soaked up the last year or so of political propaganda being spewed at you through your boob tube you would probably unconsciously be aware subtly that you should vote Clinton. I mean if you look at all the endorsements and current shit being said out there about anti-Trump, you can only just use common sense to connect the dots of whom your handlers and the controllers of your universe are trying to steer you in. 
Sure Trump will fuck some shit up, he'll definitely ensure that his and his own are well taken care of and lined within years to come of financial wealth and freedoms. Clinton much of the same, the only difference being that Clinton will do as she's said where Trump will say go fuck yourself. 
This is the handlers, the beast system, the powers that be's greatest fear and their working extra hard to prevent it from happening and becoming a reality. Tags
ARTICLE

Rigged Voting Machine Casting Ballot for Democrat when Selecting Republican # Isotrop 0 
The sad part is, whomever produced this YouTube video will be prosecuted and locked up for 5 years for exposing a crime. When it is a crime to expose criminals, we are ruled by dictators? Ask yourself, is it a coincidence that more laws have been passed during the last 6 Administrations than all the laws passed since this nation's inception. We live in a Globalist Police State. Globalism is just an Elite code word for Communism. If this doesn't prove they will do anything to steal this election, then you deserve your fate. The DNC will not surrender the Oval Office for a Square Cage. This is the Art of the Steal Op and our only course of action will be to kick the tires and light some fires. Break out your pitchforks, it's time to march on D.C.! Tags
ARTICLE

JUST IN: FBI Reopens Hillary Clinton Email Probe Please scroll down for video 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has announced its plans to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails just 11 days before the presidential election, reigniting a massive controversy that has haunted the Clinton campaign for months. 
Three months after the investigation was closed, FBI director James Comey said he found more emails that were "pertinent" to the investigation of Ms Clinton's personal email server, which Ms Clinton had been accused of misusing during her tenure as secretary of state. 
'In previous congressional testimony I refer to the fact that the FBI has completed its investigation of former secretary Clinton's personal email server," Mr Comey said. 
"Due to recent developments I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. Related Articles FBI Successfully Recovers Hillary Clinton's Deleted Emails 
"In connection with an unrelated case the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent, and I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday and I agreed the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation." 
He said he "cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant", and did not say how long the investigation would take. 
The new investigation is reportedly not related to WikiLeaks. 
The email controversy has dogged Ms Clinton's campaign for months. 
She repeatedly said she handed over 33,000 emails to the FBI and the Justice Department to determine whether she had sent or received top secret or classified information on an unsecured server. 
The FBI also denied a "quid pro quo" arrangement with the state department to downgrade certain information in the emails from "classified" to "unclassified" . 
Mr Comey told the Justice Department in July that although Ms Clinton had displayed "extreme carelessness" which could have lead to adversaries hacking her account, he did not recommend any criminal charges. 
The Justice Department decided to clear the presidential nominee of all charges the same month. 
It is not yet known where these new emails came from or what they say. The Clinton campaign has not yet commented. 
As the news broke, Ms Clinton was flying to Iowa to speak alongside women's rights leaders at two rallies. 
At a rally in New Hampshire, Donald Trump told the crowds: "Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let take her criminal scheme into the oval office. 
"I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to write the horrible mistake that they made." 
He has previously said Ms Clinton should be behind bars and accused her of "deleting thousands of emails" to hide them from the FBI, which Ms Clinton denied. 
The news was also jumped on by Republicans including house speaker Paul Ryan, who said Ms Clinton had "nobody but herself to blame but herself". 
"She was entrusted with our nation's most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information," he said in a statement, renewing his call to exclude Ms Clinton from any classified briefings until the matter was "fully resolved". 
Along with the investigation over her emails sent and received as secretary of state, the US government recently accused Russia of hacking emails from the Democratic National Convention, which exposed Ms Clinton's team's planned smear of former opponent Bernie Sanders. Related Articles
ARTICLE

Suppressed Antigravity - Technology Used By The B-2 STEALTH BOMBER # www.youtube.com 0 
According to the electro-gravity research conducted by Tesla and T. Townsend Brown, such as differentiated load space install a force without reaction on the ship, towards the positive pole. 
A drive by electro-gravity of this kind could allow the B-2 work with an efficiency propulsion over-drive crossing at supersonic speeds. 9 and March 1992, the weekly magazine Aviation and Space made a surprising destapamiento, the B-2 is loaded electrostatically its current extractor, and the leading edges of your body, like wings. 
Those familiar with the investigation of Tesla in the early 20th century, quickly will realize that this is equivalent to indicate that the B-2 cone anti-gravity aircraft can operate. The magazine Aviation obtained its information about the B-2 of a small group of renegade scientists and engineers, on the west coast, who were previously formally associated with black research projects. 
Making these discoveries, these scientists broke the code of silence that rivals those of the Mafia. They took the risk because they felt it was important for economic reasons, that efforts be made to declassify certain black technologies for commercial purposes. 
Two of these individuals said that their civil rights were clearly abused (in the name of security), either to keep them quiet or to prevent that they left the black tightly controlled research and development community. Although scientists No mention anything about electro-gravity in its destapamiento in the journal Aviation, about the B-2, they admit the existence of very dramatic secret technologies applicable to the control and propulsion of aircraft. Tags
ARTICLE

Strange sounds in the air, Florida # alf4805 0 
#paranormal The other day when i want out side my house to check the mail and see if i got anything i herd this really strange sound outside so checked it out to see where it was coming from it sounded like it was coming from everywhere it was so weird if anyone else herd this noise in Florida please let me know:) Tags
ARTICLE


ARTICLE

Another powerful earthquake strikes central Italy Please scroll down for video 
Initial reports on the magnitude of the tremors varied 'ì while USGS and Italian media first talked of a 7.1 earthquake, the European-Mediterranean Seismological Center (EMSC) said the tremor was magnitude 6.5 or 6.6. 
Italy Civil Protection reports buildings collapsing in a number of locations following Sunday's tremors. They did not provide any information regarding casualties. 
Local RAI TV reports that the tremor was powerful enough to wake the residents of the capital Rome, who reported walls of buildings shaking. 
While according to RAI Radio, at least two buildings collapsed in Norcia - the Basilica di San Benedetto and the Cathedral of Santa Maria Argentea. BEFORE AFTER 
Local media also reported destruction at the Church of Saint Augustine in Amatrice, which lost its bell tower . 
According to the mayor of Ussita, a commune in the Marche district with around 450 inhabitants, 90 percent of the buildings in the area were brought down by the quake. 
Emergency services across the region are currently checking the destroyed buildings for casualties, civil protection authorities said. 
Aftershocks with magnitudes of up to 4.5 still reportedly rock the area. 
The USGS says the quake was centered 6 km (3.7 miles) north of Norcia, a town in the province of Perugia. The epicenter lay some 10 kilometers deep. Norcia is home to some 5,000 people. 
Italians who live in the areas affected by the quake rushed to the web, posting videos of shaking furniture inside their homes. 
Italy's National Commission for the Forecast and Prevention of Major Risks (CGR) cautioned Friday that more powerful earthquakes could hit the region in the nearest future, identifying at least three areas at risk for further seismic activity. 
"There is no current evidence that the (seismic) sequence underway is coming to an end," the commission warned. 
This week's quakes come mere two months after almost 300 people were killed in the region by a quake that levelled several small towns ( via rt.com ). Related Articles
ARTICLE

Putin's New Promise: 'I Will Defeat The Illuminati' Please scroll down for video 
The Russian President Vladimir Putin has shown that he has never been afraid of fighting several opponents on different fronts. Now, it appears that he has a new target in his sights 'ì the Illuminati. Vladimir Putin swears to take on the Illuminati 
It has been previously alleged that Putin, who was born and raised in the shadow of important political influence and who previously served in the notorious Russian intelligence agency, the KGB is himself a bona fide member of the New World Order. However, it seems unlikely that Putin ever became a fully-fledged member of the Illuminati. From the outset of his rise to power, Putin has made it clear that he is a Russian patriot and that his first duty will always be to his country. 
To this end, Putin has been seen to actively act against the interests of those within the Illuminati if their activities conflict with the health and prosperity of the Russian nation. This has allegedly led to Jacob Rothschild calling Putin 'a traitor to the New World Order.' In response, it has been claimed that Putin said that he would destroy the shadowy organization. It is believed that Putin has now established himself as the most dangerous opponent of the Illuminati alive today . 
Over the years, Putin has forced out some oligarchs in the pay of the Khazarian Mafia out of the country and into areas such as the City of London. It is claimed that he has done this to loosen the stranglehold that the Illuminati have held over the Russian economy and major industries since the end of the Cold War. He has also expelled all businesses operating under the Rothschild Banking Group in recent months as he believed that they were playing a positive role in the Russian financial system. 
It has also been alleged that Putin is moving outside of the realm of domestic concerns and is also thwarting Illuminati operations on the global scale. It has been said that the Russian military's intervention in Syria and commitment to protecting the ruling party headed by President Al-Assad has torpedoed Illuminati plans to lay a pipeline through the country which would have been operated by their agents. 
This article (Putin's New Promise: 'I Will Defeat The Illuminati') is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

0 
Will nano technology RFID chips alter your DNA? 
Is the shadow government devising a plan to track people like cattle in the coming New World Order? 
Was all this foretold in biblical prophecy? 
Is the CIA brainwashing the public to accept a chip implant through subliminal commercials and propaganda? 
Are you a slave in the matrix? 
Is there a spiritual war taking place for your soul? Tags
ARTICLE

¬´ Previous - Next ¬ª The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past 
Several paranormal writers and researchers have spoken out about the extraordinary technological capabilities of the Vatican. It has been sensationally alleged that there is an incredible device kept at the heart of the Catholic Church which allows senior members to see future events and events from the past. It has been said that this device is the secret to explaining the continued influence and power of the Church. The Vatican's attempts to look into the future 
It has been said that the device was constructed in the 1950s by a team of twelve scientists led by Father Pellegrino Maria Ernetti. Father Ernetti had worked as a physicist before moving into the papacy. The team was also supported by a number of renowned scientists from outside of the Church including Enrico Fermi and the rocket scientist, Wernher von Braun. Related Articles Chronicles of the Future: The secret diary of someone who saw the future 
The machine, which is referred to as the Chronovisor, apparently looks like an oversized cupboard covered with antennas, cathode ray tubes, dials, and levers. While Father Ernetti has refused to reveal a great deal of information about the functioning of the machine he has admitted that it works by processing residual electromagnetic radiations. Using the machine, it has been said that Ernetti viewed one of Napoleon Bonaparte's speeches, a Greek tragedy called Thyestes and even the crucifixion of Christ . 
However, the Chronovisor has not only been used for historical investigation. In the 1970s, the Vatican decided to use the extraordinary technology to create a rudimentary form of time travel. In the 1970s, it is alleged that people from within the Vatican successfully traveled forward in time to 2013 and where they claim that they saw the Supreme Court building submerged underneath 100 feet of water and significant damage to Washington DC. When this event did not transpire, scientists from within the Vatican suggested that the Chronovisor was not an accurate instrument for predicting the future. It has been suggested that it is only capable of showing one potential outcome of current geopolitical events. Alternatively, it may show realities from alternate universes. 
Whether this explanation is correct is now impossible to discern as officials within the Vatican have elected to destroy the device, fearing the potential consequences such advanced technology could have for the world. Now it appears that all traces of the machine have been purged from the Vatican archives. Even Father Ernetti made a deathbed recantation of his claims about the capabilities of the machines. However, according to Fran√ßois Brune, it seems likely that he was pressurized into making this retraction by powerful forces within the Catholic Church. 
This article (The Chronovisor - The Vatican Has A Secret Device To Look Into The Future And Past ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Laundered ISIS Cash - Says Investigating U.S. Army Officer # Omega_Archive 3 
A U.S. Army Counter-Terror Officer gives testimony of his findings, that Hillary Clinton and a highly placed band of cohorts, used numerous Swiss 'shell' bank accounts, to transfer huge amounts of money for ISIS terrorists. 
Edward Snowden was one of the figures involved with the money laundering bank used by Clinton. Snowden quit the illegal operation, before he sought refuge in Russia. 
Julian Assange relayed vital information used by the counter-terror officer. A Washington D.C law firm, seems to be the hub of employment for many of the more prominent figures involved in this terrorist support group. 
The officer's investigative findings were later to be bolstered by Sy Hersh and several eyewitnesses to the Clinton orchestrated weapons smuggling and funding for terrorists. Tags
ARTICLE

Huge 'Hillary For Prison' Sign at World Series Game # Isotrop 0 
Baseball fans held up a large "Hillary for Prison" sign during the World Series Postgame Show which was impossible to ignore. Liberals quickly destroyed the sign. Tags
ARTICLE

Podesta Goes Crazy Live On CNN Over New FBI Hillary Investigation # Isotrop 0 
This is hilarious. John Podesta gets crazy on CNN news anchor when asked about the new Hillary investigation by the FBI. Tags
ARTICLE

Huge pyramid shaped structure found on the Moon # MarceloIrazusta 0 
This new discovery impacts. The existence of a real structure of almost 5000 meters in a nearly flat section of the surface of the moon is really a great mystery. The structure can be seen from more than 70 kilometers away which shows the magnitude of it. Will it be a base of a pyramid? The truth is that the Argentine researcher Marcelo Irazusta, surprises us again with this kind of discovery that adds to many more researchers around the world are doing. In the description of the video you can see the coordinates of Google Moon so that everyone can check. Tags
ARTICLE

NYPD Rumor Spreading: "LOLITA EXPRESS" Pedophile Sex Ring Exposed, Involving Hillary Please scroll down for video 
Rumors are spreading like wildfire on the Internet that the latest mail scandal about Weiner is worse then classified e-mails. 
This rumor is supposed to have originated within the NYPD investigating Anthony Weiner for 'sexting' a minor in another state. The "Lolita Express" Sex Ring 
According to the accusations, there are at least six members of Congress, several top leadership from federal agencies, and others all implicated in a massive child trafficking and pedophile sex ring, called "Lolita Express". This was supposedly directly running with the Clinton Foundation as a front . 
Will this be the fatal shot? NYPD is talking about a Child Porn ring involvement. 
This is NOT confirmed, yet. But could this be the big 'October Surprise'? 
Is it possible that Huma and Weiner backed up ALL of Hillary's email to their laptop as "life insurance" in case she turned on them? 
The whole house of cards is about to come down. Will this be the fatal shot? NYPD talking about Child Porn ring involvement. This is NOT confirmed, but would gut Dems. #GoHillary #CNNSOTU pic.twitter.com/ke8YTz4DMh 'î ALWAYS TRUMP! (@Always_Trump) 31. Oktober 2016 Interesting related (banned) documentary 
This article (NYPD Rumor Spreading: "LOLITA EXPRESS" Pedophile Sex Ring Exposed, Involving Hillary) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

¬´ Previous - Next ¬ª According to activity on Facebook Donald Trump will sweep 42 of 50 states in this election! 
For weeks now all that has been posted with regards to the Presidential election is the lead that Hillary Clinton holds against Republican challenger Donald Trump. The mainstream press leads each day with an article or two on how Donald Trump has no electoral path to the White House. Could the political predictors working for the major networks and newspapers all be wrong? 
Yes, they are completely wrong, and wrong based on a basic and simple fact not being factored into their forgone conclusion. The fact being ignored is Donald Trump is winning the battle fought on the social media battleground. When 
Analyzed properly, it is clear that Donald Trump is getting all the attention on Facebook. Granted about half the comments he receives are positive, but Hillary Clinton's comments are almost entirely on the negative end of the commentary spectrum. 
Based on a thorough analysis of the Facebook chatter, it is predicted that Donald Trump will win 42 of the 50 states, including New York. This outcome is not only a landslide but an outright slaughter. Also understand that much of this data has been accrued before Hillary Clinton's current issues surfacing such as the Project Veritas Videos showing the DNC cheating machine in motion, the Wiki-leaks revelations, and the FBI reopening of the investigation of Hillary Clinton passing classified information on her private email server. All these scandals combined will only further erode any support she might find among the truly undecided . 
Another factor not being widely explained is that many of the polls affording Hillary Clinton her huge lead are also over sampling both Democrats and Independents. It is also not clear with regards to the learning of the Independents which is more likely than not, left of center. It will take a lot of dead voters and stuffed ballot boxes to bring Hillary Clinton close to the victory predicted by the mainstream media. 
This article (According to activity on Facebook Donald Trump will sweep 42 of 50 states in this election! ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Internet at Risk! Don't Trust those With Good Intentions to Ruin Liberty. # Edward777 0 
People are worried about young people's access to porn on the internet. People are often dismayed at bullying and general mean commentary in forums and social media. However, is it a good idea to limit internet freedom to solve these problems? Do we really want to go down that dangerous road of requiring an ID number to log onto the internet? Do we really trust the government with the right to ban us if we say something the government objects to? Tags
ARTICLE

Best UFO Compilation Video Ever! # MaxIsFast 23 
UFO sightings have been increasing lately in the past months and probably going to increase in the near future. In this UFO compilation you are going to witness the best UFO sightings that is going to make you say WOW! Haven't seen a fake UFO sighting or any man made craft mistaken as an alien craft. What you are going to watch is 100% REAL UFO SIGHTINGS! Hope you guys enjoy! Tags
ARTICLE

www.paranormalelite.com 9 
A supposed dragon was recently caught on tape by a man in Los Angeles during a thunderstorm. The footage begins with a shot of overlooking the city and soon you can see lightning flashing in the clouds. While played in slow motion, a mysterious shape that resembles a real dragon can be seen in the clouds. Could this be actual video evidence of the existence of dragons? What do you think? Tags
ARTICLE

0 
SOURCES AND MIRRORS CAN BE FOUND IN THE YOUTUBE DESCRIPTION. 
Google 'Discovery of Peculiar Periodic Spectral Modulations in a Small Fraction of Solar-type Stars' to find the paper. 
On October 10, 2016 a paper titled 'Discovery of peculiar periodic spectral modulations in a small fraction of solar type stars' was submitted by E.F. Borra and E. Trottier. The paper discusses signals from under 300 stars that directly point to extraterrestrial intelligence. Since the release of the paper it has been rarely discussed in the media although it's huge news. If you enjoy this video please like, share and subscribe to QUFOSR. Tags
ARTICLE

Another of the strange sounds in Slovakia 31.10.2016 # Timotei Simon 0 
Since the beginning of 2012, the Internet began to emerge records of mysterious unexplained sounds. Many people are not at that time been associated with the end of 2012, which had come under "guaranteed" reports the end of the world. Sounds But there was also this year, and even experts have not yet reached a clear explanation of where sounds originate and what causes them. Tags
ARTICLE

Anonymous hacker Deric Lostutter faces 16 years in prison, while Steubenville rapists walk free Please scroll down for video 
Deric Lostutter was part of the group affiliated with Anonymous who exposed the rapists of an underage girl in Steubenville, Ohio. While his actions eventually helped to highlight the terrible crime against the young woman and helped to bring the perpetrators to justice, he has received no thanks from law enforcement who have instead elected to put him on trial for felony hacking. If he is found guilty, he will face up to sixteen years in prison. Incidentally, the rapists who were also found guilty at trial have already completed their exceptionally short detention sentences. Steubenville hacker indicted for bringing rapists to justice 
The sobering details of the Steubenville rape case were detailed heavily in 2013 when the perpetrators came to trial. Members of a local football team gang raped a high school girl and posted pictures, and social media posts are bragging about they had done to her. Only two of the perpetrators were ever arrested on charges of rape and kidnap, Trent May and Ma'Lik Richmond, both of whom received far more local support then their victim. 
Initially, local authorities showed a reluctance to prosecute any of the perpetrators of this senseless and violent act owing to their privileged place in local society. This led to international outrage and eventually a group called KnightSec, which is affiliated to Anonymous decided to step in. They hacked into the Steubenville High School sports fan website and exposed the cover-up by school administrators and the identities of the girl's attackers. They also posted a video of several students making light of the rape victim. They threatened to expose more individuals associated with the cover-up if the rapists did not come forward and confess. Eventually, two young men did come forward and were convicted of the rape of a minor. Ma'Lik Richmond served a paltry ten-month spell at the juvenile detention facility, and Trent May served two years . 
According to Tor Ekeland, a lawyer speaking for Lostutter, he and his client were both incredibly surprised that he had been targeted by the FBI about this hacking. He said; 'I don't understand why they are prosecuting somebody who helped expose the rape of a minor'¶ This is not a situation where somebody, you know, hacked a hospital or took down a nuclear power plant. This was an act of political protest against the rape of a 16-year-old girl.' 
Now Lostutter must wait and see whether he will face the full sixteen years in prison that his 'crime' can carry. Naturally, his supporters are appalled. 'You get 16 years for forcibly entering your way into a computer, but you get one year for forcibly entering your way into a woman. I think that's the precedent the government is setting here, ' said Ekeland. 
This article (Anonymous hacker Deric Lostutter faces 16 years in prison, while Steubenville rapists walk free) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

¬´ Previous - Next ¬ª Anonymous To Release The 33000 Deleted Hillary E-Mails Starting November 1st 
The Internet hacking collective Anonymous are said to be behind the enormous hack of emails relating to the Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton. While it has been claimed in the mainstream media that hackers from within Russia were responsible for the hack, Anonymous have declared that these suspicions are complete without merit. A source from within the group has allegedly provided proof that Anonymous are in possession of the thirty-three thousand deleted emails. It has also been said that they intend to release all of them. 
It has been claimed that the choice to release emails that would force the FBI to open a serious criminal investigation was a deliberate tactic on the part of hackers involved with the shadowy cyber-network. It is believed that the emails relate to the disgraced former politician Anthony Weiner and his sexual propositioning of an underage girl. The nature of Weiner's crime adds credence to the claims that Anonymous are behind the hack as they have a strong track record in aggressively exposing the crimes of sex offenders. 
The source has claimed that the revelations will not end with Weiner. In the week leading up to the highly contentious presidential election, more emails will be released in batches, each containing sensational details supposedly relating to the criminal activity of those within Clinton's inner circle. A sneak preview of the revelations that are to suggest that they are potential ground breaking in nature. Apparently, the group has access to documents which attest to serious criminal activities including bribes and threats to both election officials and members of the media. Sources within Anonymous have claimed that these documents will certainly lead to criminal charges being leveled against further individuals within the Democratic Party . 
The group has also given a tantalizing hint about the relationship between the Clinton Foundation, the White House and the Middle Eastern country of Qatar. It is alleged that the emails will show that the Clinton Foundation made a transfer of $1.8 billion to the incredibly wealthy country. There are also allusions to a palace being built there for a 'high-ranking White House official.' As the group has also claimed that the sitting president Barrack Obama will feature heavily in the upcoming emails, it has been speculated as to whether the president himself is this 'high ranking White House official.' 
This article (Anonymous To Release The 33000 Deleted Hillary E-Mails Starting November 1st) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Japan's Lost Black Hole Satellite Took This LAST Photo. Proves Something MIND-BOGGLING! Please scroll down for video 
This remarkable photo is the last thing Japan's lost satellite, Hitomi, captured. 
Black holes with their ability to consume an entire galaxy, are perhaps the most feared object in the heavens due to the voracious appetite which they hold. It has now been discovered that black holes also have the ability to also feed the growth of galaxies. 
Black holes effectively affect and control the growth and expansion of galaxies, acting as a kind of regulator. It appears from recent discoveries that the universe has a life and death cycle for its heavenly bodies. Black holes appear to be at the center of this life cycle, a kind of grim reaper and giver of life all rapped up into one clever little package. 
The discovery of this process was noted by a Japanese satellite shortly before its unfortunate demise. The satellite had been focused on the Perseus Cluster which has at its center a super massive black hole. Data from the satellite demonstrated that black holes provide energy for the growth of galaxies. Remember that energy is never lost but instead changed and transformed as time moves on so it makes sense that black holes both absorb and expel energy. Energy is transformed and never destroyed, not even by black holes . 
Black holes are formed when a star of enormous magnitude ultimately burns out, and the core collapses into a black hole. The process of a star dying out is a kin to what happens when a nuclear reactor melts down which is both an awesome and terrifying event. Once formed, the black hole absorbs anything which winds up in its path, which includes entire galaxies. The magnitude of such destruction of mass is overwhelming and difficult for the human mind process. 
This article (Japan's Lost Black Hole Satellite Took This LAST Photo. Proves Something MIND-BOGGLING! ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Anonymous Launches #OpNoDAPL In Solidarity With Native Americans Against Dakota Access Pipeline Please scroll down for video 
The Anonymous hacker collective warns the governor to back off or they will release secret documents showing the conflict of interest and then goes on to mention that if one protestor on the Indian side is harmed, Anonymous will 'release docs on' the individuals responsible. 'We decided to stand with the Native Americans whose land you raped, whose sacred lands you destroyed.' 'We know where you live. Everyone you know. And everything there is to know about you.' 
While translating that threat'îwhich extends to individual Guardsmen'îis perilous, according to the hacker collective, it has in the past involved monkey wrenching individual credit ratings, cancelling credit cards'îelectronic mischief ranging from embarrassing to harmful . 
This article (Anonymous Launches #OpNoDAPL In Solidarity With Native Americans Against Dakota Access Pipeline) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Ancient Script Found: The Nephilim Once Walked On Earth Please scroll down for video 
Ancient manuscript tells of ancient giant race visiting Earth. 
The Qumran caves in the West Bank have been considered a veritable treasure trove for historians, particularly those specialising in ancient literature and mythology. Sixty years ago, archaeologists unearthed an ancient book in these caves which is referred to as 'The Book of Giants'. This text gives the details about an ancient race of otherworldly creatures who existed and eventually died out on Earth. 
At this current time, there is very little that historians can deduce about the authorship of 'The Book of Giants'. However, it has been noted that there are remarkable crossovers between this mysterious text and other known ancient manuscripts such as the Mesopotamian epic of Gilgamesh and the apocryphal Book of Enoch. Related Articles Dogs mysteriously fall ill after being walked in British UFO location Rendlesham Forest 
[Mahway] mounted up in the air like strong winds, and flew with his hands like eagles ['¶he left behind] the inhabited world and passed over Desolation, the great desert ['¶]and Enoch saw him and hailed him, and Mahway said to him ['¶] hither and thither a second time to Mahway ['¶]The Giants await your words and all the monsters of the earth. If ['¶]has been carried ['¶] from the days of ['¶]their ['¶] and they would be added ['¶] we would know from you their meaning ['¶] two hundred trees that from heaven came down'¶ 
The Book of the Giants describes the creatures as 'two hundred trees from heaven' which came down and populated the planet Earth. They are described as a corrupt and debased species, prone to hideous acts of violence and unnatural acts with animals and human beings. After a period of years, one of the giants Mahway, started to experience prophetic dreams. These dreams saw a tablet bearing the names of everyone on Earth being submerged beneath the water. When the tablet rose again, all but three of the names had been washed away by the waves. This particular passage has been interpreted as referring to the survival of Noah and his family after the great flood. 
It was when Mahway shared these visions with his fellow giants that they realised the futility of attempting to resist the forces of heaven. They decided to seek out Enoch and ask him to plead to God on their behalf. Enoch is an ancient Jewish mythological figure believed to be the great-grandfather of Noah. He has a reference in the Book of Genesis where he is described as having a special, personal relationship with God. He lived for an astonishing three hundred and sixty-five years before simply disappearing with God one day. Enoch interceded on behalf of the Giants and delivered a damning judgement to them from God. However, he promised them that there was some hope for their redemption. 
It is assumed that the Giants were washed away in the great flood that devastated the world several generations after that. What the race did in the interim is still a matter of great mystery. Another mystery is what this giant race could have been. The fact that they are described as coming down from heaven strongly suggests that there were of an extra-terrestrial origin, which has led some to speculate that the 'giants' may have been the heavily mythologised race of ancient aliens called the Nephilim. 
The Book of Giants explains how the Nephilim caused chaos on Earth and changed everything during that time. A summary statement of the descent of the wicked angels, bringing both knowledge and havoc. Compare Genesis 6:1-2, 4. 
1Q23 Frag. 9 + 14 + 15 2[ . . . ] they knew the secrets of [ . . . ] 3[ . . . si]n was great in the earth [ . . . ] 4[ . . . ] and they killed manY [ . . ] 5[ . . . they begat] giants [ . . . ] 
The angels exploit the fruifulness of the earth. 
4Q531 Frag. 3 2[ . . . everything that the] earth produced [ . . . ] [ . . . ] the great fish [ . . . ] 14[ . . . ] the sky with all that grew [ . . . ] 15[ . . . fruit of] the earth and all kinds of grain and al1 the trees [ . . . ] 16[ . . . ] beasts and reptiles . . . [al]l creeping things of the earth and they observed all [ . . . ] |8[ . . . eve]ry harsh deed and [ . . . ] utterance [ . . . ] l9[ . . . ] male and female, and among humans [ . . . ] 
The two hundred angels choose animals on which to perform unnatural acts, including, presumably, humans. 
1Q23 Frag. 1 + 6 [ . . . two hundred] 2donkeys, two hundred asses, two hundred . . . rams of the] 3flock, two hundred goats, two hundred [ . . . beast of the] 4field from every animal, from every [bird . . . ] 5[ . . . ] for miscegenation [ . . . ] 
The outcome of the demonic corruption was violence, perversion, and a brood of monstrous beings. Compare Genesis 6:4. 
4Q531 Frag. 2 [ . . . ] they defiled [ . . . ] 2[ . . . they begot] giants and monsters [ . . . ] 3[ . . . ] they begot, and, behold, all [the earth was corrupted . . . ] 4[ . . . ] with its blood and by the hand of [ . . . ] 5[giant's] which did not suffice for them and [ . . . ] 6[ . . . ] and they were seeking to devour many [ . . . ] 7[ . . . ] 8[ . . . ] the monsters attacked it. 
4Q532 Col. 2 Frags. 1 'ì 6 2[ . . . ] flesh [ . . . ] 3al[l . . . ] monsters [ . . . ] will be [ . . . ] 4[ . . . ] they would arise [ . . . ] lacking in true knowledge [ . . . ] because [ . . . ] 5[ . . . ] the earth [grew corrupt . . . ] mighty [ . . . ] 6[ . . . ] they were considering [ . . . ] 7[ . . . ] from the angels upon [ . . . ] 8[ . . . ] in the end it will perish and die [ . . . ] 9[ . . . ] they caused great corruption in the [earth . . . ] [ . . . this did not] suffice to [ . . . ] 'they will be [ . . . ] 
The giants begin to be troubled by a series of dreams and visions. Mahway, the titan son of the angel Barakel, reports the first of these dreams to his fellow giants. He sees a tablet being immersed in water. When it emerges, all but three names have been washed away. The dream evidently symbolizes the destruction of all but Noah and his sons by the Flood . 
2Q26 [ . . . ] they drenched the tablet in the wa[ter . . . ] 2[ . . . ] the waters went up over the [tablet . . . ] 3[ . . . ] they lifted out the tablet from the water of [ . . . ] 
The giant goes to the others and they discuss the dream. 
4Q530 Frag.7 [ . . . this vision] is for cursing and sorrow. I am the one who confessed 2[ . . . ] the whole group of the castaways that I shall go to [ . . . ] 3[ . . . the spirits of the sl]ain complaining about their killers and crying out 4[ . . . ] that we shall die together and be made an end of [ . . . ] much and I will be sleeping, and bread 6[ . . . ] for my dwelling; the vision and also [ . . . ] entered into the gathering of the Giants 8[ . . . ] 
6Q8 [ . . . ] Ohya and he said to Mahway [ . . . ] 2[ . . . ] without trembling. Who showed you all this vision, [my] brother? 3[ . . . ] Barakel, my father, was with me. 4[ . . . ] Before Mahway had finished telling what [he had seen . . . ] 5[ . . . said] to him, Now I have heard wonders! If a barren woman gives birth [ . . . ] 
4Q530 Frag. 4 3[There]upon Ohya said to Ha[hya . . . ] 4[ . . . to be destroyed] from upon the earth and [ . . . ] 5[ . . . the ea]rth. When 6[ . . . ] they wept before [the Giants . . . ] 
4Q530 Frag. 7 3[ . . . ] your strength [ . . . ] 4[ . . . ] 5Thereupon Ohya [said] to Hahya [ . . . ] Then he answered, It is not for 6us, but for Azaiel, for he did [ . . . the children of] angels 7are the Giants, and they would not let all their poved ones] be neglected [. . . we have] not been cast down; you have strength [ . . . ] 
The Giants realize the futility of fighting against the forces of heaven. The first speaker may be Gilgamesh. 
4Q531 Frag. 1 3[ . . . I am a] giant, and by the mighty strength of my arm and my own great strength 4[ . . . any]one mortal, and I have made war against them; but I am not [ . . . ] able to stand against them, for my opponents 6[ . . . ] reside in [Heav]en, and they dwell in the holy places. And not 7[ . . . they] are stronger than I. 8[ . . . ] of the wild beast has come, and the wild man they call [me]. 
9[ . . . ] Then Ohya said to him, I have been forced to have a dream [ . . . ] the sleep of my eyes [vanished], to let me see a vision. Now I know that on [ . . . ] 11-12[ . . . ] Gilgamesh [ . . . ] 
Ohya's dream vision is of a tree that is uprooted except for three of its roots; the vision's import is the same as that of the first dream. 
6Q8 Frag. 2 1three of its roots [ . . . ] [while] I was [watching,] there came [ . . . they moved the roots into] 3this garden, all of them, and not [ . . . ] 
Ohya tries to avoid the implications of the visions. Above he stated that it referred only to the demon Azazel; here he suggests that the destruction isfor the earthly rulers alone. 
4Q530 Col. 2 1concerns the death of our souls [ . . . ] and all his comrades, [and Oh]ya told them what Gilgamesh said to him 2[ . . . ] and it was said [ . . . ] 'concerning [ . . . ] the leader has cursed the potentates'ù 3and the giants were glad at his words. Then he turned and left [ . . . ] 
More dreams afflict the giants. The details of this vision are obscure, but it bodes ill for the giants. The dreamers speak first to the monsters, then to the giants. 
Thereupon two of them had dreams 4and the sleep of their eye, fled from them, and they arose and came to [ . . . and told] their dreams, and said in the assembly of [their comrades] the monsters 6[ . . . In] my dream I was watching this very night 7[and there was a garden . . . ] gardeners and they were watering 8[ . . . two hundred trees and] large shoots came out of their root 9[ . . . ] all the water, and the fire burned all 10[the garden . . . ] They found the giants to tell them 11[the dream . . . ] 
Someone suggests that Enoch be found to interpret the vision. 
[ . . . to Enoch] the noted scribe, and he will interpret for us 12the dream. Thereupon his fellow Ohya declared and said to the giants, 13I too had a dream this night, O giants, and, behold, the Ruler of Heaven came down to earth 14[ . . . ] and such is the end of the dream. [Thereupon] all th e giants [and monsters! grew afraid 15and called Mahway. He came to them and the giants pleaded with him and sent him to Enoch 16[the noted scribe]. They said to him, Go [ . . . ] to you that 17[ . . . ] you have heard his voice. And he said to him, He wil1 [ . . . and] interpret the dreams [ . . . ] Col. 3 3[ . . . ] how long the giants have to live. [ . . . ] 
After a cosmic journey Mahway comes to Enoch and makes his request. 
[ . . . he mounted up in the air] 41ike strong winds, and flew with his hands like ea[gles . . . he left behind] 5the inhabited world and passed over Desolation, the great desert [ . . . ] 6and Enoch saw him and hailed him, and Mahway said to him [ . . . ] 7hither and thither a second time to Mahway [ . . . The giants awaig 8your words, and all the monsters of the earth. If [ . . . ] has been carried [ . . . ] 9from the days of [ . . . ] their [ . . . ] and they will be added [ . . . ] 10[ . . . ] we would know from you their meaning [ . . . ] 11[ . . . two hundred tr]ees that from heaven [came down . . . ] 
Enoch sends back a tablet with its grim message of judgment, but with hope for repentance. 
4Q530 Frag. 2 The scribe [Enoch . . . ] 2[ . . . ] 3a copy of the second tablet that [Epoch] se[nt . . . ] 4in the very handwriting of Enoch the noted scribe [ . . . In the name of God the great] 5and holy one, to Shemihaza and all [his companions . . . ] 61et it be known to you that not [ . . . ] 7and the things you have done, and that your wives [ . . . ] 8they and their sons and the wives of [their sons . . . ] 9by your licentiousness on the earth, and there has been upon you [ . . . and the land is crying out] 10and complaining about you and the deeds of your children [ . . . ] 11the harm that you have done to it. [ . . . ] 12until Raphael arrives, behold, destruction [is coming, a great flood, and it will destroy all living things] 13and whatever is in the deserts and the seas. And the meaning of the matter [ . . . ] 14upon you for evil. But now, loosen the bonds bi[nding you to evil . . . ] l5and pray. 
A fragment apparently detailing a vision that Enoch saw. 
4Q531 Frag. 7 3[ . . . great fear] seized me and I fell on my face; I heard his voice [ . . . ] 4[ . . . ] he dwelt among human beings but he did not learn from them [ . . . ] 
The Book of the Giants By W. B. HENNING: 
This article (Ancient Script Found: The Nephilim Once Walked On Earth) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

5 Strange Creature Sightings Ever Recorded In Russia, Brazil And Australia # Waldon Volpiceli Alves 3 
This is the best ever compilation of real creature sightings captured on video. This is one scary video where we have caught real creatures footage on tape in Russia, Brazil and Australia. What youre about to see is a highlight clip and every creature hunting footage is real so beware some might find this paranormal footage too is a creature? Tags
ARTICLE

I dare you to restrain yourself from laughing at Trump and Hillary in a stronger hot show # akajsaid 1 
off court okay a woman of the people that's what you're a man of the people who don't like carbon i was living in the white boy tell you what professional wrestling skin like a Russian drive safe russian and get there you going back with any probably couldn't find me you don't the job drunk think that decade not quite y'all just American side ... Tags
ARTICLE

Alien Contact.NASA will never disclose UFOs, but THEY ARE HERE! # alina_dragomir 6 
Recently a high ranking official from NASA declared that they will never disclose alien life,so we have to stop asking questions like: Do the Alien Exist? because NASA will never tell us something related to extraterrestrials.Never! 
But do we really need someone to tell us what to believe? 
More and more people are demanding UFO Disclosure,But are we really prepared for such event? What is the implication of that? 
What if They are already here among us? Tags
ARTICLE

Blue tie or red dress? Look left or look right? Look here or look there? 
But we all agree on one thing . . . IT WAS THE RUSSIANS. 
The dog and pony show is exposed. The freemasonic / illuminati government has been dividing and conquering nations for centuries. Do NOT fall for their last trick before leaving the world stage. 
It's all a puppet show - let us show you who is pulling the strings. Tags
ARTICLE

1 
What happens when the government and the media collude to pander to Islam?! 
You get the absolute disaster that is happening in Europe. One only needs to look at France and Germany to see what the future of America will look like under a Hillary (Global elite establishment) Presidency! 
Open borders, Open Trade, and Open Immigration, threatens all of our security and well being. Hillary has openly admitted that this is her dream for America! The globalists want to destroy what is left of our constitution, and to start a civil war between the American citizens and the Islamic immigrants! All to usher in the North American Union! 
We are looking at the fall of this Republic just as ww2 Germany fell to the Fascist Nazis! 
America: Don't Make Europe's Mistake (Vote Trump) ~ its the only chance we have!!! Tags
ARTICLE

The U.S. Revolution is Underway - Hillary Clinton's Coup Has Been STOPPED # Omega_Archive 3 
Steve Pieczenik, served with several U.S. administrations as a psychological profiler and in evaluations of Federal officials for the US government. He describes the coup and 'soft' counter coup, which have just taken place within the United States federal government. Several agencies, including the FBI and New York City police, participated. 
Pieczenik may be best known to the public, as a real-life basis for the "Jack Ryan" character in the famous and eerily prophetic Tom Clancy military action movies. 
The films released today (including this one), are the first public appearance Pieczenik has made in decades - though his narratives of behind-the-scenes events in government have been heard by millions. Tags
ARTICLE

Bank Accounts for Paying Terrorists, Unseen Victims Finally Revealed. Contains images some viewers might find disturbing. 
Hillary Clinton used her power within Obama's state department, to control money for ISIS terrorists, and then to try to cover up the exposure of these Swiss and other bank accounts used for this purpose. This testimony by an officer in charge of tracking terrorist financing, is confirmed with recently leaked information (by WikiLeaks and others). 
"Accidental" attacks by misused US aircraft have been happening, in a desperate attempt to break out the US armed and paid (directly and indirectly) ISIS forces from Aleppo, to prevent further evidence from being captured. Both Kurdish and Syrian government forces encircling ISIS in Aleppo have been thus attacked so far. And, the US-backed ISIS forces themselves, have been ruthlessly attacking civilians in surrounding areas, with the same objective - with the consequences seen here. Tags
ARTICLE

Monica`s Stained Blue Dress Back in the news # rr bb 1 
Bill Clintons son Danny Williams just had a press conference stating that he has sent a letter to Monica Lewinski . The letter asks Monica if Danny Williams can barrow the Blue Dress that Bill Clinton left his DNA on many years ago. Can DNA still be abstracted from that dress after all these Years. Well if Monica says yes we will soon find Out! Tags
ARTICLE

5 
Most American spend over 9 hours a day using media. Is this making us dumber?? 
Are you living in a media induced trace? Do you know the truth of the world or do you know what the manipulators want you to know?! 
Professor Jerry Kroth (Ph. D. Psychology) examines the ties between advertising and factual knowledge. Most people can name every mascot of most companies, but they can not name hardly any historical figures. How did we get here? 
These are questions that Professor Kroth explains in this well thought out presentation. 
This talk is based on Dr. Kroth's recent book, "Duped! Delusion, Denial, and the end of the American dream." 
More information at collectivepsych.com
ARTICLE

Putin On The Migration Crisis: 'Europeans Have No Future' # thinkbig 0 
In a truly shocking twist, the Supreme Court of Austria has decided to acquit the Iraqi man, "that may not have realised the 10-year-old Austrian boy did not want to be sexually abused by him." Amir, 20, was visiting the Theresienbad pool in the Austrian capital of Vienna in December 2015, as part of a trip to encourage integration, when the incident occurred. Tags
ARTICLE

Putin Takes On The NWO, October 2016 # thinkbig 18 
Let me get this straight - if leaders of the world combined forces, we could alleviate poverty and the constant fear of terrorism? Could the Middle East be left alone, and not pillaged for oil, sending millions of refugees into Europe, creating an unprecedented cultural catastrophe in waiting? Could certain players on the global arena stop financing terror groups abroad, thus removing the threat entirely? But wait, there's more - Mr Putin is not calling for war with "the others", because only WE are the good guys? Unlike Nobel Peace Prize holder over there. Tags
ARTICLE

www.knowyourrights.com 0 
SiebenCarey have professional team of super lawyers. We support legal team for best results in the industry. We have successfully fighting accident case in Minneapolis. For truck and car accident contact our best lawyer. We can handle truck and car accident in Minnesota. The SiebenCarey have experience of helping accident victim since from 1952. Call us on 612-333-4500 regarding any question about accident. Tags
ARTICLE

This Video is REALLY Disturbing... 
Not just to African Americans but to Americans in General... 
Many of The DNC Policies that pertain to African Americans are deeply insulting and condescending in implication. 
Voter ID Laws are not restrictive to The average African American but are portrayed as impediments to them because of the Intellectual Entitlement Mentality of The Democratic Nation Party. 
The Racism Game is a cover for manipulation of both minorities and the majority... 
Divide and Conquer... 
They Divide the Voting Block... 
To Conquer The Election.
ARTICLE

Meteor Or Alien Ship? Mystery Surrounds Bright Green 'Orb' Spotted In Japan # Grey 378 
A mysterious fireball darts across the predawn skies of Niigata Prefecture in northern Japan on October 31, 2016. Many people speculated the green light emitting body might have been a UFO while others said the object was a bright meteor or space debris burning up in the atmosphere. The event lasted for about 15 seconds and was captured by several cameras. Tags
ARTICLE

Forbidden Archeology: SUPPRESSED New Evidence , Pyramids made out of concrete ? # www.youtube.com 34 
The pyramids in Egypt were built in a surprising way: They used a chemical formula to prepare a concrete limestone with which shaped the million stone blocks used in its construction. They are man-made stone. So they not had to cut them in distant quarries and then bring them back without wheels and pulleys by the desert sands. Nor winched blocks weighing between 4 and 70 tons to the height of a 40-story building, then you assemble each other with such precision that does not fit the card from a deck in 5 of their faces; even impossible to achieve with current technology. Tags
ARTICLE

Bizarre! Drone Records Speeding UFO Over Trees Please scroll down for video 
POSSIBLE UFO SIGHTING? Man sees 'weirdest thing EVER' while filming fall leaves. 
A Parkland County, Alberta, Canada resident has spotted what he believes are flying objects, orbs, and discs while operating a drone camera. The unnamed man was filming at Hasse Lake when he noticed this odd objects zooming through his frame while shooting footage of the fall foliage. The video, recorded with a Phantom3P drone, was sent to the MUTUAL UFO Network (MUFON). The man stated that it was "the weirdest thing" he has ever recorded. 
The odd object was not noticed until the drone operator viewed the video at home. He was operating the drone from 500 meters away and did not physically see the weird shapes. The home video shows a collection of white spheres and one darker object that appears as a disc . 
The object zoomed past the drone, swerved to the left and then vanished. It had to be moving at incredible speeds, as his camera was recording at 60 frames per second. The objects appear as a blur when a frame is paused. The man at first thought they must be birds, but then noticed birds in the frame that do not look anything like the objects. 
The man, who has experience recording over 100 other drone videos, has never recorded anything like this. MUFON is currently investigating the case. 
This article (Bizarre! Drone Records Speeding UFO Over Trees) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Ancient Sumerian Writings Reveal The Earth Was Ruled By Eight Immortal Kings For 241,200 Years Please scroll down for video 
More than a dozen copies of a mysterious text referred to as the Sumerian King Lists have been uncovered over the years by archaeologists in regions as disparate as ancient Babylon, Susa, and Assyria. They are all believed to be copies of a single original manuscript which is thought to have been written during the Third Dynasty of Ur by most historians, although some believe it might have been written even earlier. The best-preserved example of this ancient text is called the Weld-Blundell Prism and is on public display in the Ashmolean Museum. An ancient text tells of alien rulers of ancient Earth 
The Sumerian King Lists have baffled historians ever since they were uncovered by modern human beings. The text describes a fascinating period in history when beings referred to as gods ruled over humankind of tens of thousands of years. The manuscript makes reference to eight kings who 'descended from heaven' who ruled for an astonishingly long period of 241,200 years. Each of these deified kings met their end during the Great Flood which devastated the population of the world. After the flood, the text claims that another 'kingship was lowered from heaven' and that these beings took up control of the people of Earth once again . 
For a long time, it has been believed that the stories of these incredibly long-lived kings, their eventual demise, and their replacement were simply the mythology of the ancient civilization who compiled the Sumerian King List. However, some have speculated that the text might not be mythology at all. The fact that the kings are said to have descended from heaven has led a few people to suggest that they might have been of an otherworldly origin. This would mean that their incredibly long reigns over the cities might be literal rather than metaphorical as these alien beings might have had much longer lifespans than human beings. They may have even been immortal. 
This article (Ancient Sumerian Writings Reveal The Earth Was Ruled By Eight Immortal Kings For 241,200 Years) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
ARTICLE

Weird News THANKS FOR SHARING... LIKED US?! Disclose.tv uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on the website. Read our privacy policy for more. Agree BEFORE YOU GO, CHECK THIS OUT ON DISCLOSE.TV
ARTICLE

Rembrandt Art Proves Chapter 22 of Genesis (MUST SEE) # www.youtube.com 0 
This etching done by artist Rembrandt van Rijn in the year 1653 depicts a spiritual manifestation that transcribes the exact elements within the story of Genesis Chapter 22 when Abraham bound his only son Isaac to an altar to slay him. 
Rembrandt's 'The Three Crosses' yr. 1653 Reveals 'The Ram In The Thicket' God provided in place of Isaac, sparing his life and teaching us to obey the voice of God. This revelation in 2016 is of a story recorded much more than 3,000 years ago! All glory to God the Father. For more information in regards to the key of the kingdom of heaven please check out theJonathankleck via YouTube. Enjoy! Tags
ARTICLE

www.youtube.com 0 
Hypothesis: There are Major Bombings that have been printed on the U.S. Currency many years BEFORE the events actually happened. 
There is a common denominator between all the images and how they were spiritually discerned by what was recorded in the prophets of Isaiah spoken 2,700 years ago. 
There are multiple layers of ink and watermarks printed on the bills when magnify appear to produce animations. Tags
ARTICLE

Obama Rising in The West: The Antichrist # www.youtube.com 0 
There is a spiritual war taking place that you may or may not be aware of. A host body is a vessel in which a spirit operates. Each and every person is a host and a spirit operates them. You either walk after the prince of the power of the air or have been born again and now the Holy Spirit dwells with you. This video presents evidence on a variety of factors relating to the rise of an antichrist spirit within a human host body. Tags
ARTICLE

Militarized Police Shot Journalist At Standing Rock During An Interview Please scroll down for video 
Scenes at Cannon Ball in North Dakota are turning increasingly ugly as peaceful protestors continue to clash with riot police and the National Guard. The protest concerns the planned drilling in the area to build a gas pipeline. 
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe have spoken out against the plans as they will run through a sacred burial ground in violation of Native American treaties. They have found support and partnership with environmental activists who do not believe that the United States government should be creating new fossil fuel infrastructure. Militarized police tactics escalate at Standing Rock 
Despite the fact that the United Nation has called on the American government to cease construction, the government shows no signs of abating their plans. Instead, they have turned their attention to a brutal crackdown on the protestors. According to a journalist, an activist Erin Schrode, protestors have been maced, beaten with batons, subject to Taser fire and been shot with rubber bullets. 
I can't believe what is happening here in Standing Rock. It's a scene like I've never seen anywhere else in the world, and it's right here at home. 
Schrode herself had conducted an interview on camera when she was shot with a rubber bullet. In a post on her Facebook profile, she claims that while she was physically unhurt, she was shaken by the attack and simply could not understand why she had been targeted in such a violent way. In an interview with Fusion she said; 
I couldn't fathom that I'd just been hit. Why would they target me? Why would they shoot anyone? There was absolutely nothing violent, aggressive, provocative going on at the protests yesterday. 
This entire disturbing incident was caught on camera which Schrode has shared on her Twitter feed. The full video can be viewed here: 
The use of rubber bullets for crowd control has been outlawed in most places in the developed world owing to the number of fatalities and serious injuries they caused when deployed in the long-running conflict in Northern Ireland. Their use in situations without the threat of serious violence is practically unheard of. But despite this unprecedented level of police brutality, the protestors at Standing Rock are not intimidated and will refuse to leave the protest site until construction has ceased or they are forced off the land . 
This article (Militarized Police Shot Journalist At Standing Rock During An Interview) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles
