ARTICLE

Resource Packet for Allies Travelling to Standing Rock Posted on November 1, 2016 Resource Packet for Allies Travelling to Standing Rock Share on Twitter 'This is about reflecting on how you can come in a good way, and not about how to be 'right.'' 
Now that the Indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline is grabbing headlines, a growing number of non-native allies are travelling to Standing Rock to stand with the water protectors. And with an urgent call out for people to come and commit civil disobedience to stop this pipeline, there is lots of need for more allies to come and throw down. 
A group of folks called Solidariteam put together a resource packet for people who are showing up without much experience or history with Indigenous spaces and communities; as one member wrote, the packet is 'for folks that are navigating the complexities of power, privilege, settler colonialism, shame, solidarity, support, taking leadership from Indigenous communities and taking action.' 
The packet includes information about camp culture, questions to ask yourself before going (and ways you can help from home that you might not have thought of; a lot of folks have skills that make them way more useful at home than in the camp), and cultural protocols written with guidance from camp elders. 
You can find the packet and download the tools at standingrocksolidaritynetwork.org/resource-packet . And when you're done, check out the rest of the website for more useful info: finding out current needs and which donation sites are legitimate, sources of Indigenous history and analysis, connect with local organizing in your town, and more.  

ARTICLE

DAPL Employee Plows Into Standing Rock Camp Firing AR-15 Posted on October 28, 2016 DAPL Employee Plows Into Standing Rock Camp Firing AR-15 Share on Twitter Masked with a bandana, he looked at first like a water protector. Papers found in the car showed he was something else: private DAPL security. 
Early Friday morning, a man bearing an AR-15 rifle broke through a barricade and sped toward the Oceti Sakowin camp, where thousands are camped out to resist the Dakota Access Pipeline. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe posted an account of what happened next: 
As reported via video evidence from the front lines on 10-27-16. A man berating an assault rifle broke thru a barricade and was speeding toward the Oceti Sakowin camp, he was run off the road 1/4 mile north from the Camp. The man exited the vehicle where he appeared to be disguised as a water protector. He than fired several shots from his assault rifle. Tribal Law Enforcement responded, the man was than apprehended. Insurance Documents from the vehicle reveal that it is owned by Dakota Access Pipeline. We commend the BIA Law Enforcement to their commitment of public safety and for their quick response and apprehension of the suspect who was clearly meanings to do harm. 
The insurance documents also name Thompson-Gray LLC; according to its website, Thompson-Gray LLC provides 'programmatic, financial, as well as information technology support' to the Department of Defense. Clients include the U.S. Army Threat Systems Management Office, the North Carolina National Guard, and the Alabama National Guard. 
See more photos in the embedded posts below:  

ARTICLE

Insulin's Inventor Sold the Patent for $1. Then Drug Companies Got Hold of It. Posted on November 14, 2016 Insulin's Inventor Sold the Patent for $1. Then Drug Companies Got Hold of It. Share on Twitter Never underestimate the greed of a pharmaceutical company. 
Frederick Banting wasn't a dude who backed down. The Army refused him due to poor eyesight in 1914; in 1915, he tried again and got in. He got rejected from a Toronto hospital in 1919; he set up his own successful practice in 1920. So it's not a surprise that Banting did what other scientists and doctors had struggled to do for decades: discovered and refined insulin therapy. His three-person team knew that this treatment was both urgently needed and incredibly tricky to get right; they wanted to make sure the public could access it, and that it was safe. So they made a move for the common good: saying that profit was not their goal, they sold the patent for insulin to the University of Toronto for just $1 each. The University then gave pharmaceutical companies the right to manufacture the drug royalty-free. 
It made sense at the time; Banting and his team were worried that if they didn't patent the drug at all, drug companies would rush to patent an inferior, possibly dangerous version and try to turn huge profits on it. The thinking seems to have been that if drug companies didn't have to pay royalties, they would keep prices low. 
The thinking was wrong. Less than thirty years later, drug manufacturer Eli Lilly and Company and two other companies were indicted for an insulin price-fixing scheme. 
But that was only the beginning: in the late seventies, the process for synthetic insulin was perfected, making it far easier and less risky to produce. Since then, prices have been on a sharp uphill climb with no end in sight. 
Insulin is a billion-dollar industry with zero low-priced generic versions on the market. While most name-brand drugs have generic versions that cost less than half the price, insulin is different. Miriam Tucker at Medscape explains : 
Insulin's Canadian discoverers sold the patent to their university for $1, stating that profit was not their goal. Since then, a series of incremental technological advances have maintained the patents, while older formulations have been pulled from the market. [After] identifying the glucose-lowering substance later known as insulin at the University of Toronto in 1921, Dr Frederick Banting and medical student Charles Best waited 2 years before seeking a patent and then only with the intent of publishing the extraction method, writing: 'When the details of the method of preparation are published, anyone would be free to prepare the extract, but no one could secure a profitable monopoly.' 
The next several decades brought successive improvements: adding protamine prolonged insulin's action, while zinc allowed it to be combined with short-acting insulin in a form patented in 1946 under the name 'neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH),' after its Danish founder. Lente, a slower version without protamine, came along in the mid-1950s. 
These advances allowed for more dose-adjustment options and also extended the patents into the 1970s. Further innovations that improved purity pushed the patents ahead another decade. 
Tucker goes on to quote an article in the New England Journal of Medicine by Jeremy A Greene, MD, PhD, and Kevin R Riggs, MD, MPH: 'On the whole, it's hard to say that contemporary patients who cannot afford their insulin (let alone the patent-protected glucometers and test strips required to adjust the dose) are well served by having as their only option an agent that is marginally more effective than those that could have been generically available 50 or 30 or 10 years ago, had generics manufacturers introduced cheaper versions when patents expired.' 
Greene and Riggs again: 
'The drugs that ultimately see extensive generic competition differ from those that attract few, if any, manufacturers. The history of insulin highlights the limits of generic competition as a public-health framework. Nearly a century after its discovery, there is still no inexpensive supply of insulin for people living with diabetes in North America, and Americans are paying a steep price for the continued rejuvenation of this oldest of modern medicines.' 
Just goes to show: never underestimate what a drug company will do to make money off the backs of researchers who only wanted to help save lives. The Other 98% is a grassroots network of folks committed to kicking greedy corporate asses for the harder working classes. And we have fun doing it. Follow us on social media We Want To:

ARTICLE

The Best Ways to Support the #NoDAPL Protectors Posted on September 9, 2016 The Best Ways to Support the #NoDAPL Protectors 
Photo by Arlo Iron Cloud Want to support #NoDAPL but can't make it to the camp? Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Project was kind enough to share the following list. 
We'll be updating it we get more information on ways to stand with the Sacred Stone Camp. 
1. Contribute to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's fundraiser by clicking here 
2. Call or Email your Congressional Representative or Senator. You can use this page to find out who they are and how to contact them. 
3. Call or Email Denis McDonough, Chief of Staff to the President and Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of Army Corp of Engineers. Tell them to rescind the permits granted to Dakota Access: Denis McDonough, Chief of Staff to the President dmcos@who.eop.gov Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary of Army Corp of Engineers joellen.darcy@us.army.mil

