ARTICLE
A California-based pet food company has been caught using recycled pets as cheap protein in its popular dog food.
Party Animals is recalling two lots from its line of Cocolicious dog foods after cans in Texas tested positive for pentobarbital — a chemical that’s used by veterinarians to euthanize pets.
In a statement on its website, Party Animal said a customer in Texas had given Cocolicious samples to a lab and the dog food tested positive for pentobarbital.

It’s not the first time a pet food company has been exposed using recycled pets in their product. Back in February Evanger, a pet food company based in Illinois, recalled its dog foods after cans tainted with pentobarbital were making dogs sick.
How did it get in the food?
Pentobarbital is a barbiturate that’s commonly used by veterinarians for euthanasia. So how is it getting in the food?
The pet food industry is almost completely unregulated and in the quest for the cheapest possible protein, companies are using euthanized cats and dogs as ingredients under the “animal byproduct meal” name.
It’s an industry secret that generic “meats” and “meals” can contain euthanized domestic animals. The disturbing fact is commercial pet food companies are feeding dog meat to dogs and cat meat to cats.
If a pet food contains “animal byproduct meal” then pretty much any animal that’s not a bird can be in the food, including animals that were euthanized.
Dog eat dog
It has became so bad that cats and dogs that regularly eat certain brains of commercial pet food have built a tolerance to the drugs.
Veterinarian Dr Patricia Jordan says: “I was around and saw all the foods that contained pentobarbital 20 years ago. At that time the vet community was unable to sedate animals with serital like they had been previously for short term anesthesia … the reason? The animals were getting the drug in the food and getting resistent to the drug!”
The disturbing trade in domestic dog and cat bodies often begins at the veterinary clinic. After euthanizing old and ill animals, some vets will offer to “take care” of the bodies.
“A friend of mine who worked in an Animal Hospital chastised me when I had to have my dog “put down”; not for having her euthanized, but for leaving the body with the Vet.
“She said they put the euthanized animals in a freezer and sold them to be “recycled” into pet food.
“It seemed strange that the Vet encouraged me to leave her body with them, that “they would take care of her”.
Do you know what your dog is eating?
The next phase of the disturbing trade takes place in rendering plants.
These enormous facilities, operating 24 a day, recycle dead animals, slaughterhouse wastes, and supermarket rejects into various products known as recycled meat, bone meal, and animal fat. These products are sold as a source of protein and other nutrients in the diets of dairy animals, poultry, swine, cattle feed, and domestic cats and dogs.
One estimate states that some 40 billion pounds of slaughterhouse wastes like blood, bone, and viscera, as well as the remains of millions of euthanised cats and dogs passed along by veterinarians and animal shelters, are rendered annually into “animal byproduct meal.”
Rendering plants recycle material including:
Because rendering plants operate as cheaply as possible, they unavoidably process toxic wastes.
As well as euthanasia drugs given to pets, flea collars and pet ID tags, surgical pins and needles, cattle ID tags and green plastic bags containing dead pets from veterinarians get churned in the mix that becomes “animal byproduct meal.”
Skyrocketing labor costs are one of the economic factors forcing the corporate flesh-peddlers to cheat.  It is far too costly for plant personnel to take the time to cut off flea collars or take spoiled T-bone steaks out of their plastic packaging.
Since these foods are exclusively used to feed animals, most state agency spot checks test for truth in labeling such as: does the percentage of protein, phosphorous and calcium match the rendering plant’s claims; do the percentages meet state requirements? However, testing for pesticides and other toxins in animal feeds is not done or is done incomplete.
So what can you do?
If you buy processed pet food, read the ingredients on pet food labels carefully and educate yourself about what terms like “animal byproduct meal” actually mean.
Ideally, pets should eat unprocessed whole foods – just like humans.
If your pet is euthanized by a veterinarian, insist on burying the body yourself. Out of respect for the animal’s life, and out of concern for the health other animals, do not allow the veterinarian to “take care” of the body.



ARTICLE
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has told Ron Paul that he believes the U.S. government are at war with alternative media.
In an interview with Ron Paul Liberty Report, Assange accused the CIA of attempting to quash the free flow of information by labelling independent media outlets as ‘non-state’ intelligence agencies.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
In fact, although the comparison isn’t without justification, Assange surmises the Central Intelligence Agency employs those similarities as a premise for attacking the imperative American free press and free speech — dangerous territory that could supplant journalistic immunity for protecting sources and publishing sensitive information. Assange told the Liberty Report,
“The CIA has been deeply humiliated as a result of our ongoing Vault 7 publications, so this is a preemptive move by the CIA to try and discredit our publications and create a new category for Wikileaks and other national security reporters to strip them of First Amendment protections by defining the organization as something that fits into existing interpretations.
“So, you can surveil and engage in certain actions on hostile intelligence services. … You don’t need search warrants and so on, authorized by a judge, if what you’re intercepting or surveilling is connected to an organization that is an intelligence service that is influencing someone.”
Ordinarily, the CIA or FBI or any agency of the government would be forced to follow legal procedures for spying on journalists, including requests to courts or search warrants and other procedures, which would only be required if the target were technically considered an agent of or friend to an enemy State.
“If we allow this president to declare war on those who tell the truth, we have only ourselves to blame,” Ron Paul said.
Freedom of the press looming in the balance, Pompeo’s disregard for organizations focusing on exposure of government activities traditionally protected imparts a telling foray for U.S. Intelligence in its quest to censor media.
“So, to create this new category of non-state intelligence service,” Assange continued, “it can then be very easily applied to a media organization — non-state, of course, means commercial organization or nonprofit organization — I think it’s a long-term strategy. It’s taking two bites of the apple. One it to create this definition of a non-state … to redefine media as non-state intelligence services; and then, on the other hand, to use a jurisdictional argument, which is to say that all foreign reporters have no First Amendment rights.
“Of course, the First Amendment is not a ‘positive’ right — it doesn’t, generally speaking, give me, or in fact, anyone, a positive right. It’s an obligation to the government to give me a right. It’s a limitation on the government, that limits its ability to interfere with freedom of expression or of the press in order to create the necessary environment of public debate, which can stop autocracy from developing in the United States.”
Pompeo’s argument falls short in that the foreign press, of course, is not held to strictures of U.S. government — but agencies of that government, such as the CIA, must follow rules it wishes to shirk in favor of opacity. Beyond that, as Dr. Paul noted, the Constitution wasn’t designed purely for the benefit of U.S. citizens, rather, protection of any individuals who might be compelled to appear before the courts, and,
“Therefore,” Dr. Paul continued, “this accusation that ‘you have no rights, you’re not even an American citizen,’ and therefore you don’t qualify, I think a lot of people believe that and it has to be refuted.”
In deeming Wikileaks’ publications non-state intelligence, or that the outlet is an active participant in shaping political narrative, the CIA sets up a frightening switch for all media in which the subject matter of leaked documents determines whether or not that outlet would technically produce journalism — or participate as an enemy entity.
In an op-ed for the Washington Post Tuesday, Assange penned,
“Mike Pompeo, in his first speech as director of the CIA, chose to declare war on free speech rather than on the United States’ actual adversaries. He went after WikiLeaks, where I serve as editor, as a ‘non-state hostile intelligence service.’ In Pompeo’s worldview, telling the truth about the administration can be a crime — as Attorney General Jeff Sessions quickly underscored when he described my arrest as a ‘priority.’ News organizations reported that federal prosecutors are weighing whether to bring charges against members of WikiLeaks, possibly including conspiracy, theft of government property and violating the Espionage Act. […]
“When the director of the CIA, an unelected public servant, publicly demonizes a publisher such as WikiLeaks as a ‘fraud,’ ‘coward’ and ‘enemy,’ it puts all journalists on notice, or should. Pompeo’s next talking point, unsupported by fact, that WikiLeaks is a ‘non-state hostile intelligence service,’ is a dagger aimed at Americans’ constitutional right to receive honest information about their government. This accusation mirrors attempts throughout history by bureaucrats seeking, and failing, to criminalize speech that reveals their own failings.”
Pompeo and his ilk, in order to clamp down on whistleblowers and leaks, wish to redefine both media and journalism, so sources — whom, Assange noted, would build trust over time with a writer before ever offering information of import — and those who publish their information, would be liable for the breach, rather than immune. Without constitutional press protections, a journalist’s relationship with sources, their ongoing or daily communications, could be considered, Assange warns, “conspiracy to commit espionage.”
When it comes to espionage, the CIA would do best not to hurl accusations when an outstanding possibility its agents could still be deemed liable for pernicious spying devices and methods the agency used in millions of household appliances and smart devices. As Assange explains,
The CIA “is a very competent organization — I mean, this is the organization that gave us Iraq, al-Qaeda, that has fractured democracy in Iran, Pinochet, the destruction of Libya, the effective rise of ISIS, and the Syrian civil war. So, you can see, this is an organization that goes around engaging in actions, which are either deeply incompetent or which, even from the perspective of American power, run counter to its purposes.”
In other words, it appears the CIA has been going about business-as-usual — except now, that dubious business of manipulating public opinion and rigging the game in favor of the U.S. seeks primarily to quash the most crucial constitutional protections left. Without true press freedom — including publishing outlets not commentating on the content of articles, such as Wikileaks — there can be no possible expectation of governmental transparency.
America’s media organizations and journalists must retain their badge of immunity if the public expects to ever know what bureaucrats, politicians, and yes, even spies, are doing behind the scenes — that such a vast swath of the populace cheers on the CIA in condemning Wikileaks proves the efficacy of propaganda in convincing the people to turn over their rights willingly, and with a smile.




ARTICLE
Left-wing activists behind the spate of anti-free speech riots at Berkeley have ties to prominent U.S. pro-pedophilia organizations, according to a new report. 
According to an explosive investigation, The Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration & Immigrant Rights, and Fight for Equality By Any Means Necessary — also known simply as BAMN – have worked with organizations that actively campaign to legalize child rape. BAMN is the left-wing militant group who have waged an aggressive campaign to violently protest conservatives such as Milo Yiannopoulos and Anne Coulter from speaking at Universities.
Dailycaller.com reports:
BAMN’s parent organization worked directly with the North American Man/Boy Love Association (NAMBLA) in the years just before it founded BAMN, according to NAMBLA documents reviewed by The Daily Caller. In addition, a member of that parent organization said to have founded BAMN is an admitted member of NAMBLA, which she has described as the victim of a “witch-hunt.”
BAMN, which did not return a phone call and voicemail seeking comment, was founded by the Revolutionary Workers League, a small, Detroit-based Marxist organization. Many of BAMN’s leading members over the years have also been RWL members.
“The Revolutionary Workers League is a Trotskyist organization of which I’m a member,” Luke Massie, one of BAMN’s founders told the Michigan Daily in 2001. “We are proud to have played a part in a whole lot of struggles and to have played a role in the founding of BAMN.”
An anonymous group of researchers provided TheDC with copies of internal NAMBLA publications from the 1990’s. The internet sleuths requested anonymity, citing fear of retaliation by BAMN members, and asked instead to be collectively referred to as, “The shadowy and/or mysterious organization known as Antifaleaks.”
The University of Michigan’s Joseph Labadie Special Collection maintains copies of the NAMBLA documents.
NAMBLA’s November-December 1991 bulletin, reviewed by TheDC, described at one of its conferences the “participation of Revolutionary Workers League, a Trotskyite group centered in the Detroit area. RWL is supportive of gay rights in general and NAMBLA in particular.” The journal contained details of the organization’s conferences and activities, as well as detailed, erotic stories about naked young boys.

The bulletin noted that “a number of proposals were put forward by the Revolutionary Workers League” at the NAMBLA conference.

Four of those proposals were adopted as positions by NAMBLA:

The 1992 edition of the pro-pedophilia bulletin also noted the participation of RWL, which was described as a “NAMBLA ally.”
Shanta Driver, described by the Capital Research Center as BAMN’s founder and co-chair, was affiliated with RWL as early as 1983, according to the Workers Vanguard, a communist publication. She also identified herself to the Los Angeles Times as an activist with RWL in late 1995 while protesting in Berkeley.
Driver argued before the Supreme Court on behalf of BAMN as recently as 2013.
Driver’s former law partner, Eileen Scheff — who has represented BAMN on multiple occasions, including at the Supreme Court — has been a self-described “member of NAMBLA.” The bulletin identified Scheff as an RWL member.

Additionally, Scheff has been identified as a founder of BAMN.
Peter Schmidt, a senior writer for the Chronicle of Higher Education, wrote in a book for which Scheff was interviewed that she “helped found” BAMN, in addition to serving as its legal counsel. “Affirmative action was built by people taking direct militant action,” she told Schmidt, explaining BAMN’s riotous approach to activism.
At a 1991 NAMBLA press conference, Scheff denounced the “witch-hunt” against pedophiles.
“As an activist in the legal and political struggle for lesbian/gay rights and for freedom of sexual expression, I am here to support NAMBLA and to demand that the witch-hunt against it must be stopped,” Scheff said at the conference. “The media and police are targeting NAMBLA because it stands for the rights of young people to have consensual sex with whomever they want.”
“Denying youth their sexuality or driving sexual expression deeper and deeper underground will not stop child molestation,” Scheff added. She called for “youth-controlled centers where they can freely socialize and enjoy safe, consensual sex.”
“I call on all progressive people in the lesbian/gay community, in the women’s movement, and in the community at large to defend NAMBLA and its right to advocate for consensual sex regardless of age, and to unite our forces to make a fight for the real solutions to sexual coercion and abuse,” Scheff said.

A Thursday phone call to Scheff’s office was not returned because, according to her voicemail, she is out of the country until May 5. She also did not return an email seeking comment.
BAMN has led the resistance against conservatives and Trump supporters in Berkeley and elsewhere in California.
Last June, BAMN organizer Yvette Felarca, a public school teacher, was captured on video assaulting a protester outside a white nationalist group’s rally in Sacramento.

Seven people were stabbed in the clashes between the white nationalists and self-described “anti-fascists.”
“The goal today was to shut down the Nazis’ recruitment rally and I want to congratulate everyone who came out today because we succeeded in doing exactly that,” Felarca said in an interview afterward. “We defeated them and they had to run away hiding behind the police.” She credited their victory to the “militant, integrated, direct action of the people who came out.”
“BAMN mobilized to get people out here and shut them down,” she admitted. “For us, there’s no free speech for fascists…Nazis and fascists are dangerous and must be stopped and shut down by any means necessary.”
The group utilized those same tactics in organizing protests against right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos, who was scheduled to speak at University of California – Berkeley in February. The group deemed Yiannopoulos a fascist. His speech was cancelled after rioters assaulted suspected Trump supporters and set the campus ablaze.

After Felarca faced a backlash for her open disdain for conservative free speech in a Fox News interview with Daily Caller co-founder Tucker Carlson, Driver held a press conference with Felarca, railing against her critics, who Driver said organized a “witch hunt” against Felarca.
BAMN was also among the left-wing groups that attacked attendees of a conservative free speech rally on April 15, according to a local Berkeley newspaper, which noted: “BAMN was in the middle of the melee at all three of the recent rallies, including the Feb. 2 Yiannopolous protest.”

Most recently, BAMN successfully forced the cancellation of conservative commentator Ann Coulter’s speech at the UC-Berkeley due to safety concerns.
“Our basic thing is to send a loud and clear message that this is not acceptable on our campus,” Hoku Jeffrey, a BAMN organizer, told The New York Times before Coulter’s speech was cancelled. “We will not tolerate anti-immigrant bigotry or bigotry of any kind, which is the only thing she’s here to do.”
BAMN has a history of co-opting youth into its activist goals.
The Capital Research Center, a D.C.-based research nonprofit, noted in a report on BAMN: “In Michigan in 2006, several hundred BAMN activists stomped on the floor and shouted obscenities to disrupt a meeting of the state’s Board of Canvassers, which had gathered to certify a ballot initiative allowing voters to decide whether to ban government race and gender-based preference policies. BAMN bussed in Detroit high school students whose chants drowned out speakers.”
In 2005, the NAACP criticized BAMN for taking advantage of black middle- and high-school students to add to their numbers.
“Some of them didn’t even know why they were there – they were just there as tokens, so people would see a large number of black students,” Alex Moffet, then-president of the NAACP said, adding that BAMN was “just perpetuating untruths about young black students. As a community, we find that totally unacceptable.”
In 2005, the FBI put BAMN on a list of organizations potentially involved in terroristic activities. The ACLU publicly blasted the FBI in defense of BAMN, which the ACLU said was only engaging in “peaceful protest activities.”



ARTICLE
A San Francisco federal court has heard evidence about how Monsanto routinely hires armies of trolls to combat negative posts about them online. 
According to plaintiffs, the GMO giant hired third-parties to respond to negative online comments about the company, in an attempt to bury evidence about the carcinogenic effects of their products.
Leakofnations.com reports:
The case challenges Monsanto’s corrupt relationship with members of the Environmental Protection Agency and their attempts to manipulate scientific publications and crack down on online dissent.
Monsanto’s ‘Let Nothing Go’ campaign allegedly hired online ‘shills’ to quickly respond to social media chatter about the carcinogenic properties of their ‘RoundUp’ product.
The plaintiff claims to have developed non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma as a result of exposure to glyphosate in Monsanto’s ‘Roundup’ product, and believes that Monsanto aggressively attempted to remove all warnings of the risks surrounding the pesticide.
Click here to see the accusation recorded in a United States District Court litigation summary.

Monsanto have gained such a bad reputation for online shills that it has become common practice on the news aggregation site Reddit to write ‘Monsant0’ when discussing the company in a bad light so that it is not indexed on a search engine.
The company are also accused of pressuring scientific publications to downplay the risks of their products. In an email chain used as evidence in court (acquired via Mass Tort Nexus), a company executive instructed his staff to ‘ghost write’ articles, planning to have independent scientists “just sign their names” to the study.
“Monsanto tells us that Roundup is safe because scientists say it is safe.  But apparently scientists sign their names, while Monsanto signs the checks,” says Kara Cook-Schultz, Toxics Director at U.S. PIRG. “This calls into question multiple studies written, or possibly ghostwritten, by agricultural scientists.”
Also included in the email chain is evidence showing that Monsanto regularly works together with other international chemical companies—such as Syngenta and Dow—to publish scientific papers. Christophe Gustin, Monsanto’s Crop Protection Regulatory Affairs Lead at Monsanto Europe, asked for Syngenta and Dow’s sign-off prior to hiring a scientist to publish the results of internal, unpublished studies on Roundup.




ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump has come under fire after being caught hiring Chinese slaves who cost just $1 an hour, and forcing them to work 82 hours overtime every month. 
According to reports, Trump’s daughter hired 80 workers in one factory in China to work almost 60 hours per week, via the G-III Apparal Group – a company responsible for manufacturing her fashion line.
Dailymail.co.uk reports:
The outlet says that Ivanka’s clothing is made primarily in the China G-III factories, though her firm also has factories in Vietnam, Bangladesh and South America.
The worrying report was released at a time when Ivanka’s clothing sales are booming, even though she has been dumped by major retailers, such as Nordstrom.
Sales were up were up 332% in January and February compared to a year prior, according to CNN Money. The brand sold $100million in fiscal year 2015, according to Forbes.
Net sales for her clothing collection soared by $17.9 million in the year that ended January 31, according to G-III data.
A report by Fair Labor Association, an independent group that works to improve the conditions of factory workers around the globe, found that workers were routinely required to work 57 hours a week to hit production targets.
The report did not specify which brands were being assembled at the time of a two-day inspection in October.
They were also required to work 82 hours of overtime a month between September 2015 and August 2016, despite Chinese law setting a limit of 36 overtime hours a month.
Employees earn roughly $255 to $283 a month, below minimum wage in some areas of China, and less than half of what the average manufacturing employee makes.
Fewer than a third of the employees had any of China’s mandated benefits, including pension and medical, maternity, unemployment or work-related injury insurance.
Nor were the workers receiving any help with housing costs, as is required by Chinese law.
They only received five days off a year and their only representative was factory-appointed.
The group found there was also no training in terms of how to handle equipment or reduce injuries or factory-related diseases common to workers dealing with harsh chemicals.
G-III factories have shipped more than 110 tons of Ivanka-brand blouses, skirts, dresses and other garments to the United States since October, according to the outlet.
In 2012, G-III became the sole maker of Ivanka Trump brand clothing, and that year, Ivanka said the company was ‘has distinguished itself as a trusted partner for some of the world’s finest and most visible brands.’
Meanwhile, Ivanka has tried to position herself as a champion of the working woman, saying in an editorial  in the Financial Times, ‘We can add billions to the global economy by creating an enabling environment, increasing women’s labour force participation and business ownership, and improving the productivity of their work.’
Trump stepped down from a management role in her fashion line when she took an adviser role in the White House, but its assets are in a trust, valued at $50million, controlled by her husband Jared Kushner’s family.
Ivanka’s father, president Donald Trump, has repeatedly touted his ‘buy American, hire American’ agenda.
Last week, he signed an executive order that he said would ‘ensure that American labor is hired.’
‘We’re going to do everything in our power to make sure more products are stamped with those wonderful words ‘Made in the USA,” Trump said during the signing. ‘For too long we’ve watched as our factories have been closed and our jobs have been sent to faraway lands.’
Trump’s licensed brand lines, which include apparel, accessories and household items, are made almost entirely in foreign factories, including China, Bangladesh, Honduras, Vietnam, South Korea and Mexico, according to a report by the Washington Post.
Some components of Trump-branded furniture were made in Germany. Trump Vodka is made in Israel and the Netherlands.
Trump’s red MAGA hats, ubiquitous during the campaign, were made in a southern California factory. Trump bottled water was made in New York and Vermont.



ARTICLE
Muhammad Ali Jr., son of the great boxing legend, is suing President Trump after he was forcibly detained twice at two different airports. 
Ali says he wants to take President Trump to court over the controversial and illegal travel ban. In an interview with the Mail, Ali claims he was humiliated after being stopped and unlawfully detained at two different airports because he is a Muslim.
Nypost.com reports: Ali is an American citizen, as was his father.
“They stopped me for no reason,” Ali told the Mail. “They stopped me for my last name being Ali. A Muslim.”
Ali, the boxer’s only biological son, was first stopped at customs at Fort Lauderdale Airport on Feb. 7, ironically while returning from a civil rights forum on Capitol Hill.
He was detained a second time — for two hours — on March 10, he said.
His lawyer, Chris Mancini, told The Mail that he believes officials were trying to “teach him a lesson” about making the first detention public.
Ali’s class action suit will be filed with his mother, Khalila Ali; he plans to include as plaintiffs more than 1,300 Muslims who also claim the travel rules are discriminatory and abusive, the lawyer said.
Ali’s father, who died June 3, famously conscientiously objected to the Vietnam war on religious grounds, getting convicted for draft evasion and giving up both his freedom and his championship title.
“My father would do the same thing I did,” Ali told Dailymail.com.
“They still don’t respect people of color,” he complained. “We are a race of human beings and if I have to fight for eternity then so be it. I will not sleep until our people are respected as an equal opportunity, equal rights for all people that are Americans.”



ARTICLE
A Harvard immunologist has written an open letter explaining why unvaccinated children pose no risk to their vaccinated counterparts. 
Vaxxter.com reports:
Dear Legislator:
My name is Tetyana Obukhanych.  I hold a PhD in Immunology.  I am writing this letter in the hope that it will correct several common misperceptions about vaccines in order to help you formulate a fair and balanced understanding that is supported by accepted vaccine theory and new scientific findings.
Do unvaccinated children pose a higher threat to the public than the vaccinated?
It is often stated that those who choose not to vaccinate their children for reasons of conscience endanger the rest of the public, and this is the rationale behind most of the legislation to end vaccine exemptions currently being considered by federal and state legislators country-wide.  You should be aware that the nature of protection afforded by many modern vaccines – and that includes most of the vaccines recommended by the CDC for children – is not consistent with such a statement.  I have outlined below the recommended vaccines that cannot prevent transmission of disease either because they are not designed to prevent the transmission of infection (rather, they are intended to prevent disease symptoms), or because they are for non-communicable diseases.  People who have not received the vaccines mentioned below pose no higher threat to the general public than those who have, implying that discrimination against non-immunized children in a public school setting may not be warranted.
In summary, a person who is not vaccinated with IPV, DTaP, HepB, and Hib vaccines due to reasons of conscience poses no extra danger to the public than a person who is.  No discrimination is warranted.
How often do serious vaccine adverse events happen?
It is often stated that vaccination rarely leads to serious adverse events.  Unfortunately, this statement is not supported by science.  A recent study done in Ontario, Canada, established that vaccination actually leads to an emergency room visit for 1 in 168 children following their 12-month vaccination appointment and for 1 in 730 children following their 18-month vaccination appointment.
When the risk of an adverse event requiring an ER visit after well-baby vaccinations is demonstrably so high, vaccination must remain a choice for parents, who may understandably be unwilling to assume this immediate risk in order to protect their children from diseases that are generally considered mild or that their children may never be exposed to.
Can discrimination against families who oppose vaccines for reasons of conscience prevent future disease outbreaks of communicable viral diseases, such as measles?
Measles research scientists have for a long time been aware of the “measles paradox.” I quote from the article by Poland & Jacobson (1994) “Failure to Reach the Goal of Measles Elimination: Apparent Paradox of Measles Infections in Immunized Persons.” Arch Intern Med 154:1815-1820:
“The apparent paradox is that as measles immunization rates rise to high levels in a population, measles becomes a disease of immunized persons.”[2]
Further research determined that behind the “measles paradox” is a fraction of the population called low vaccine responders.  Low-responders are those who respond poorly to the first dose of the measles vaccine.  These individuals then mount a weak immune response to subsequent RE-vaccination and quickly return to the pool of “susceptibles’’ within 2-5 years, despite being fully vaccinated.[3]
Re-vaccination cannot correct low-responsiveness: it appears to be an immuno-genetic trait.[4]  The proportion of low-responders among children was estimated to be 4.7% in the USA.[5]
Studies of measles outbreaks in Quebec, Canada, and China attest that outbreaks of measles still happen, even when vaccination compliance is in the highest bracket (95-97% or even 99%). This is because even in high vaccine responders, vaccine-induced antibodies wane over time.  Vaccine immunity does not equal life-long immunity acquired after natural exposure.
It has been documented that vaccinated persons who develop breakthrough measles are contagious.  In fact, two major measles outbreaks in 2011 (in Quebec, Canada, and in New York, NY) were re-imported by previously vaccinated individuals.[6][7]
Taken together, these data make it apparent that elimination of vaccine exemptions, currently only utilized by a small percentage of families anyway, will neither solve the problem of disease resurgence nor prevent re-importation and outbreaks of previously eliminated diseases.
Is discrimination against conscientious vaccine objectors the only practical solution?
The majority of measles cases in recent US outbreaks (including the recent Disneyland outbreak) are adults and very young babies, whereas in the pre-vaccination era, measles occurred mainly between the ages 1 and 15.  Natural exposure to measles was followed by lifelong immunity from re-infection, whereas vaccine immunity wanes over time, leaving adults unprotected by their childhood shots.  Measles is more dangerous for infants and for adults than for school-aged children.
Despite high chances of exposure in the pre-vaccination era, measles practically never happened in babies much younger than one year of age due to the robust maternal immunity transfer mechanism.  The vulnerability of very young babies to measles today is the direct outcome of the prolonged mass vaccination campaign of the past, during which their mothers, themselves vaccinated in their childhood, were not able to experience measles naturally at a safe school age and establish the lifelong immunity that would also be transferred to their babies and protect them from measles for the first year of life.
Luckily, a therapeutic backup exists to mimic now-eroded maternal immunity.  Infants as well as other vulnerable or immunocompromised individuals, are eligible to receive immunoglobulin, a potentially life-saving measure that supplies antibodies directed against the virus to prevent or ameliorate disease upon exposure.
In summary: 1) due to the properties of modern vaccines, non-vaccinated individuals pose no greater risk of transmission of polio, diphtheria, pertussis, and numerous non-type b H. influenzae strains than vaccinated individuals do, non-vaccinated individuals pose virtually no danger of transmission of hepatitis B in a school setting, and tetanus is not transmissible at all; 2) there is a significantly elevated risk of emergency room visits after childhood vaccination appointments attesting that vaccination is  not risk-free; 3) outbreaks of measles cannot be entirely prevented even if we had nearly perfect vaccination compliance; and 4) an effective method of preventing measles and other viral diseases in vaccine-ineligible infants and the immunocompromised, immunoglobulin, is available for those who may be exposed to these diseases.
Taken together, these four facts make it clear that discrimination in a public school setting against children who are not vaccinated for reasons of conscience is completely unwarranted as the vaccine status of conscientious objectors poses no undue public health risk.
Sincerely Yours,
~ Tetyana Obukhanych, PhD




ARTICLE
The NSA has announced plans to stop all forms of surveillance on American citizens, vindicating President Trump who was victim of illegal wiretapping by the agency. 
Reuters announced on Friday that the agency no longer have the ability to wiretap without a warrant the digital communications of Americans who mention a foreign intelligence target.
Reuters reports:
The decision to stop the once-secret activity, which collected messages sent to or received from people believed to be living overseas, arrives as a sudden and unexpected triumph for privacy advocates who were long critical of the program, which U.S. officials had defended as both lawful and important to national security.
The halt is among the most substantial changes to U.S. surveillance policy in years and comes as issues of digital privacy remain contentious across the globe following the 2013 disclosures of broad NSA spying activity by former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden.
“NSA will no longer collect certain internet communications that merely mention a foreign intelligence target,” the agency said in a statement.
“Instead, NSA will limit such collection to internet communications that are sent directly to or from a foreign target.”
NSA also said it would delete the “vast majority” of internet data collected under the surveillance program “to further protect the privacy of U.S. person communications.”




ARTICLE
Robert Reich, the man responsible for creating and maintaining a middle class in America, says President Trump is abusing his constitutional authority by attacking the judiciary.
Reich, a well-liked former Secretary of Labor under President Bill Clinton, says President Trump is setting the ground for his own impeachment by attacking the foundations of the separation of powers in the Constitution.
He says, one way dictators take over democracies is by threatening the independence of a nation’s courts. Donald Trump is doing just this.
Alternet reports:
By Robert Reich
Connect the following dots:
1. In January, Trump blasted a federal judge for staying his travel ban. “The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!” he tweeted.
2. In February, after the judge made the stay permanent, Trump issued a veiled threat: “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!”
3. Last week, after another federal judge issued a nationwide injunction blocking Trump’s travel ban, Trump’s Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, said, “I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and constitutional power.”
4. On Tuesday, after another federal judge blocked the Trump administration from enforcing a threat to take away funds from sanctuary cities, the White House issued a statement condemning the judge as “unelected.” The statement charged “this San Francisco judge’s erroneous ruling is a gift to the criminal gang and cartel element in our country, empowering the worst kind of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and putting thousands of innocent lives at risk. This case is yet one more example of egregious overreach by a single, unelected district judge.”
5. On Wednesday, Trump said he was considering breaking up the court of appeals for the 9th Circuit, in which these three federal judges hear and decide cases. “There are many people who want to break up the 9th Circuit,” he said. “It’s outrageous.” The 9th Circuit Court covers Arizona, California, Alaska, Nevada, Idaho, Oregon, Montana, Washington and Hawaii, as well as Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. Eighteen of the court’s 25 judges were appointed by Democratic presidents.
It is the job of the Justice Department to provide a reasoned case for overruling a federal judge’s decision. In condemning individual judges and threatening to break up the court of appeals instead, Trump is attacking the foundations of the separation of powers in the Constitution.
This assault on the federal judiciary is an abuse of Trump’s constitutional authority – yet another ground for impeachment.
Robert B. Reich has served in three national administrations, most recently as secretary of labor under President Bill Clinton. His latest book is “Saving Capitalism: For the Many, Not the Few.” His website is www.robertreich.org.



ARTICLE
Two of Huma Abedin’s cousins have been arrested and she has been named, along with Hillary Clinton’s State Department, in a US Department of Justice prosecution, court records show.
Other documents reveal the same allegedly crooked cousins solicited Huma Abedin for help at State in a deal that netted the Abedins more than $1.2 million in federal grants.
Huma’s first cousin Omar Amanat has been indicted and placed under house arrest before the trial on Oct. 2. Another cousin, Irfan Amanat, has also been arrested in connection with the same case.
WND reports: These undesirable family connections, revealed here for the first time, raise fresh questions about influence peddling at the State Department under Clinton, who is now reportedly working with Abedin on a political comeback.
Abedin’s relatives were major donors to the Clinton Foundation. And Abedin drew a salary from the Clinton Foundation, while at the same time working for the government.
Records show that her first cousin, Omar Amanat, is under federal indictment for cheating investors in Kit Digital Inc. of millions of dollars between 2009 and 2012, forcing the tech start-up to go bankrupt in 2013. He has been placed under house arrest as he awaits trial, which is scheduled for Oct. 2.
Another Abedin cousin, Irfan Amanat, is under indictment in the same case. He was arrested in December after returning to the U.S. from the United Arab Emirates.
Prosecutors say Omar Amanat illegally diverted millions of dollars from investments in Kit Digital “for his personal use,” including “luxury properties in Manhattan.” He “never disclosed these misappropriations to investors,” who were misled about the value of the company by false balance sheets. He has pleaded not guilty.
Recent letters, Part 1 and Part 2 here, from attorneys for Omar and another co-defendant asking the judge to ease their detention reveal that Omar once warned Huma while she was at the State Department that she and other family members were under threat of being “hurt” by “special collection agents” trying to recover stolen funds. Court exhibits reveal that Omar was worried about Huma’s safety and contacted the State Department to make her “aware of this incident.”
Moreover, Kit Digital appears in State Department emails sent to Abedin from Amanat and a business partner. In June 2009, not long after starting Kit Digital and just months after his cousin was named deputy chief of staff to Secretary of State Clinton, Amanat helped his business partner solicit Abedin for State favors on behalf of Soliya Inc., which was in partnership with Kit Digital. Summit Entertainment, a film company Amanat held a controlling stake in at the time, also stood to benefit.
“Thanks for getting in touch. Would love to arrange a meeting,” Abedin replied in a June 23, 2009, email to Amanat and Shamil Idriss, who heads New York-based Soliya Inc.
In May 2010, Clinton helped Soliya get access to U.N. funding by making the U.S. a participant in a U.N. high-tech media initiative called the Alliance of Civilizations. Then in October 2010, the State Department directly awarded Soliya $1.25 million for a media technology project.
“Huma helped Omar make KIT appear more valuable because of its association with the Alliance of Civilizations, which was approved by Hillary and funded in part by U.S. grants,” said an attorney familiar with the case. “This helped Omar raise money for KIT, which he and his brother misappropriated for other purposes. Approximately $6 million has vanished.”
Amanat took KIT Digital public in August 2009.
At the time, Amanat, known as a “serial swindler,” was in personal bankruptcy and being sued by other investors. Despite his reputation, he still managed to gain special access to the government thanks to his ties to his well-positioned cousin and the Clinton Foundation.
Records show that Amanat and several other family members and related charities have together donated as much as $1.2 million to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative, as well as the Clinton Health Access Initiative.
Amanat, who personally contributed as much as $25,000 to the Clinton Foundation, was appointed to the Council on Foreign Relations during the time that Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of state.
While the FBI has closed its espionage investigation into Clinton’s unsecured private email server, its public corruption investigation into the Clinton Foundation remains open. It’s not clear if this still-active probe overlaps with the Amanat fraud investigation. However, investigators reportedly continue to look into alleged “pay-for-play” schemes involving the Clinton State Department and the Clinton Foundation and its wealthy donors, as well as entities that paid the Clintons millions of dollars in speaking fees.
Judicial Watch and other government watchdog groups have charged that the Clinton Foundation was a pay-for-play operation that rewarded its benefactors with State Department favors.
Meanwhile, Abedin’s estranged husband, former Democratic U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, remains under federal investigation for child pornography. The laptop Weiner used to communicate with an underage girl was seized by the FBI and helped derail Clinton’s presidential bid when FBI Director James Comey announced in October that some of her emails to Abedin had been found on it.
The emails were stored on a Yahoo account. Interestingly, federal investigators say Omar Amanat tried to scrub emails from his own Yahoo account so they couldn’t obtain them as evidence.
In 2008, “Omar Amanat emailed Irfan Amanat and requested his help to ‘delete all of my emails from the Yahoo site but download them onto my laptop,’” a December court filing says. “Omar Amanat expressed ‘concern about them subp[0]ening Yahoo at some point.’”
Amanat’s attorney, Eric Creizman, did not respond to requests for comment. Attempts to reach Abedin were unsuccessful. Former Clinton campaign press secretary Nick Merrill did not reply to questions.
Though never reported in the media until now, the Abedin and Amanat families are not only related but very close, maintaining roots in New Jersey going back decades.
In fact, Omar Amanat’s parents, Sharif and Hamida Amanat, once hosted Huma Abedin’s parents, Syed and Saleha Abedin, at their New Jersey home when Huma’s ailing father had to move back temporarily from Saudi Arabia to undergo a kidney transplant. The Amanats helped the couple continue publishing their Saudi-based journal promoting Shariah law from the U.S. In fact, Omar’s mother, Hamida Amanat, has contributed articles to the journal.
“Dr. Sharif Amanat and his precious wife Hamida created an environment so congenial and supportive that without it it would have been impossible to function effectively,” a recovering Syed Abedin wrote in a 1991 issue of his “Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs Journal.” “I have no words to thank them.”
Omar and Huma, who are related through their mothers, who are sisters, have also maintained a long and close-knit relationship.
Property and financial records show that in 1999, when Huma was in Washington working as a White House aide to then-first lady Clinton, Omar used her D.C. condo as one of the addresses for another of his start-ups, Tradescape Corp.
After Omar Amanat sold Tradescape to E-Trade in 2002 for $100 million in stock, he started the Amanat Family Support Trust, which names cousins as well as immediate family members as beneficiaries – meaning Huma Abedin would stand to benefit from his family trust.



ARTICLE
Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown (D) has been charged on multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy as prosecutors allege she funded a lavish lifestyle by stealing the donations to a charity meant to help poor children with scholarships.
Prosecutors in Florida have laid out an expansive case in U.S. District Court, charting years of payments they say were funneled from the charity to her personal bank accounts.
Corrine Brown, a DNC superdelegate who pledged her vote for Hillary Clinton in the unethical 2016 Democratic primary, is pleading not guilty to the charges, claiming she was unwittingly duped by her long-term associates.
But prosecutors argue this is impossible.
“She knew exactly how to lie to these donors, and knew exactly where the cash money was going,” said Assistant U.S. Attorney A. Tysen Duva in his opening statement Wednesday.
The money, provided by donors to assist with the education of poor children, was actually blown on regular Beverley Hills shopping sprees, luxury vacations, VIP tickets to Beyonce concerts, fancy restaurants and personal expenses.
Federal prosecutors said Corrine Brown and her associates used a charity called One Door for Education to bring in more than $800,000 between 2012 and 2016.
However Brown’s indictment says One Door for Education, despite bringing in more than $800,000, only gave out a single scholarship worth $1,200 to an unidentified person in Florida.
Fraud
Prosecutors say Brown and two of her closest associates — Elias “Ronnie” Simmons and Carla Wiley — were transferring donations to their personal accounts to fund lavish lifestyles.
Simmons and Wiley pleaded guilty and are expected to testify against former Congresswoman Brown.
Bloomberg report: Brown, who is expected testify in her own defense, sat beside her attorney during Wednesday’s presentation, appearing calm and confident. She chuckled with supporters in the courtroom hallway during a break.
Smith, her attorney, said Brown was deceived by Simmons, who was like a son to her.
Smith told jurors that around the time Simmons began depositing checks into Brown’s personal accounts, she had handed over many of her professional affairs to him.
“Around time of the questionable transactions in 2012 … she was into her mid-60s,” Smith said, adding she was under an enormous workload as a member of Congress.
He said Brown didn’t know how to email or text and highlighted that the emails used by prosecutors in their investigation were tied to Simmons and Wiley.
“A long time ago Corrine Brown placed her trust in Ronnie Simmons, and for years he betrayed her behind her back,” Smith said.
Prosecutors focused on Brown’s hands-on connection to One Door’s fundraising with its first witness, addressing the defense’s assertion that she was duped.
John Picerne, a local real estate developer who donated $10,000 to One Door, said Brown talked to him directly about the donation in a phone call.
“If Ronnie Simmons would have asked you for a $10,000 donation, would you have given it?” the prosecutor asked Picerne.
“No I wouldn’t have,” he said.



ARTICLE
A video posted to Twitter shows Antifa members demanding that billionaire globalist George Soros pay them for their services so far.
Earlier in the year, after Antifa successfully shut down a Milo Yiannopoulos speech by rioting at Berkeley, it was revealed that the Democrat terror group was funded by George Soros.
The video, posted by Beverly Hills Antifa, features a quote which reads: “Antifa demands George Soros pay us the money he owes. Unite comrades and fight for $15/hour. #Resist”

From Daily Caller: The left-wing group that helped organize the violent shut down of the Milo Yiannopoulos event at the University of California, Berkeley on Wednesday is backed by a progressive charity that is in turn funded by George Soros, the city of Tucson, a major labor union and several large companies.
The Global Alliance for Justice, based in Tucson, is listed as an organizer and fiscal sponsor for Refuse Fascism, a communist group that encouraged left-wingers to shut down the Yiannopoulos event.
The call to arms succeeded. Yiannopoulos’ talk was cancelled after demonstrators lit fires, vandalized businesses, and assaulted Donald Trump and Yiannopoulos supporters.
Refuse Fascism, which includes Princeton professor Cornel West as one of its founding “initiators,” defended the response, issuing a statement on its website that called the shut down “righteous.”
And on its Facebook page, the group asserted that the vandalism and arson were not “violence.” Instead, the group argued that Yiannopoulos and Trump perpetrate violence through the policies they support.
“Dismantling police fences is not violent. And to compare preventing someone like that from speaking to the real-world violence that they perpetuate everyday is ludicrous,” reads one post on the group’s Facebook page.

The organization did not mention the violent attacks against conservatives. One Trump backer was attacked with shovels by a group of men clad in black. He was shown laying unconscious in the middle of the street. A female Trump supporter was blasted with pepper spray while giving an on-camera interview.
Refuse Fascism’s involvement has spurred questions about who is behind the group. In a series of tweets on Thursday, Trump asserted that the protesters were paid to agitate.
While it is unclear whether those who carried out the violence were paid to do so, the benefactors of the Alliance for Global Justice — and Refuse Fascism — are listed online.
According to its most recent 990 tax form, Alliance for Global Justice (AfGJ) received $2.2 million in funding for the fiscal year ending in March 2016.
One of the group’s biggest donors is the Tides Foundation, a non-profit funded by billionaire progressive philanthropist George Soros. Tides gave AfGJ $50,000.
Other notable donors include the city of Tucson and the United Steel Workers labor union. The former gave $10,000 to AfGJ while the latter contributed $5,000.
Charities associated with several major corporations also donated. Patagonia.org, the outdoor apparel and equipment company, gave $40,000. The Ben & Jerry Foundation, the charity associated with the ice cream maker, gave $20,000. And Lush Cosmetic gave $43,950.
Another bit of irony is seen in the $5,000 contribution from the Peace Development Fund, a group that claims to support organizations that fight for human rights and social justice.
Another major donation came from a group that was chaired by Hillary Clinton during the 1980s. The New World Foundation gave $52,000 to AfGJ.
Refuse Fascism did not respond to a request for comment for this article.
Chuck Kaufman, the national co-ordinator for AfGJ, said he was only aware of the Berkeley protests through social media.
“I wasn’t aware that Refuse Fascism was involved, but probably they were one of a whole lot of groups calling to shut down Milo Yiannopoulos’ hate speech,” he told The Daily Caller.
“AfGJ acts as fiscal sponsor for Refuse Fascism which means we process tax-deductible donations for them. As long as their use of the money falls into areas permitted for tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organizations, we don’t involve ourselves one way or the other in their program work.”
Correction: This article initially stated that Fidelity Charitable and Schwab Charitable gave small donations to AfGJ. Those donations were made by individuals through donor-advised funds and did not come directly from either Fidelity or Schwab.



ARTICLE
Former DNC chair Donna Brazile has written a scathing op-ed for Politico, attacking investigators for failing to uncover ties between Russia and the Trump administration. 
The former CNN contributor who was forced to quit after she was caught feeding debate questions to Hillary Clinton last year, complains that the lack of juicy scandals coming out of the investigation has deeply disappointed her.
Politico.com reports:
It seems like nobody is doing anything about it. Worse—they’re pretending that they are. There are currently multiple investigations into the Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible involvement by the Trump campaign. But all of them are compromised to one degree or another by incompetence, listlessness and deliberate foot-dragging. Congress is completely failing to live up to its responsibilities for oversight and to function as a separate and co-equal branch of government. Partisan politics has poisoned inquiries on both the House and Senate side.
We can only hope the FBI investigation is being conducted in a thorough manner. Unless a special prosecutor is appointed to oversee the process, we can only assume that conducting a proper investigation under those auspices may be a fraught affair despite Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recusing himself from investigations involving the 2016 campaign.
We need an independent investigation. And we need it now.
And the American people want it. In a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, 73 percent of Americans say they prefer an independent, nonpartisan probe to investigate Russian involvement in the election rather than Congress. Sixty-one percent say they have little to no confidence that Congress can conduct a fair and impartial investigation into the 2016 election. As we shall see, their doubts seem to be well-founded.
Oh, did I mention the “probe” that President Trump promised to conduct? In January, he promised to have a crack team tackle the problem of cybersecurity in the wake of the Russian hacks. He said he would have “a plan within 90 days of taking office.” Obviously, that deadline came and went—and not only is there no plan, there’s no team and absolutely no evidence that Trump’s promise was anything but empty bluster. And now, the president is falsely claiming that he had “never heard of WikiLeaks” before they started releasing stolen emails and had never supported them after repeatedly crowing on the campaign trail, “I love WikiLeaks.” Sadly, that fiasco is only slightly more laughable than the probes being conducted by the Senate and the House.
We all watched in fascinated horror as the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian meddling imploded in a slow-motion disaster involving White House officials’ comical attempt to furnish Committee Chaiman Devin Nunes with backup for President Trump’s ridiculous claims about President Barack Obama “wiretapping” him. Nunes has stepped aside from the Russia probe, but is now being investigated by the House Ethics Committee.
The House Committee has actually begun to schedule both open and closed hearings again. But the best hope for a credible investigation seemed to lie with the Senate Intelligence Committee under the leadership of Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and ranking member Mark Warner (D-Va.), who kicked off the committee’s public hearings just weeks ago with a heartening show of bipartisanship.
But recent reporting by Yahoo’s Michael Isikoff, among others, indicates that little progress has been made in the committee’s work. Three months after that hopeful launch, the Senate Committee has almost nothing to show to show for its efforts, if indeed there have been any efforts. The committee hasn’t interviewed any of the central players, according to Isikoff, despite the fact that several have volunteered to come forward. Not a single subpoena has been issued for documents, emails or phone records. And Burr has not responded to members’ requests that he do so.
Many Democrats on the committee are criticizing Warner for being too reluctant to pressure Burr in order to maintain the veneer of bipartisanship. Warner has pushed back against the criticism and called for patience, but that veneer is pointless if the committee isn’t interviewing central witnesses or can’t get together to issue subpoenas.
Part of the problem is that the panel doesn’t have enough staffers to do anything. The Daily Beast pointed out that there are currently only seven staffers working on the Senate investigation—all of them part-time! One of them even has to balance investigative duties with attending law school part-time. It was heartening that the committee this week—after the Yahoo and Daily Beast stories—announced the hiring of April Doss, a respected former lawyer for the National Security Agency, as a special counsel. But to put things into perspective, Politics USA points out that the House Benghazi Committee had 46 staffers and 8 interns. The special commission looking into Saddam Hussein’s weapons of mass destruction had 88 staffers, and a joint House-Senate probe of Iran-Contra had 181 staffers. In short, if the Senate Intelligence Committee is our last, best hope, then we have very little hope. And we desperately need hope.
Every day, new elements of this disaster come to light. We just learned that Michael Flynn, Trump’s former national security adviser, possibly broke the law by not disclosing monies he got from Russia. But the White House refuses to turn over documents about its vetting of Flynn—and that’s assuming it even did any. The information about Flynn came from the House Oversight Committee. But these facts emerge haphazardly, and forces are constantly at work to suppress them.
Congress should be ashamed of its seeming inability to get to the bottom of Russia’s interference in our democracy. An independent commission needs to be established without delay. In the meantime, both intelligence committees need to stop dragging their feet and start taking their jobs with the seriousness the moment requires.



ARTICLE
Investigators have found that President Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, has financial ties totalling tens of millions of dollars with Israel.
According to reports published in Bloomberg and in the New York Times, Kushner has a close business relationship with the Steinmetz family – one of the wealthiest families in Israel.
The two families have high-stake real estate deals in Manhattan worth over $150 million.
Haaretz.com reports: Bloomberg says at least 15 different buildings in downtown Manhattan are co-owned by Raz Steinmetz, nephew of diamond dealer Beny Steinmetz, and by Kushner family’s Kushner Companies. The two also invested together in a project bearing President Trump’s name in New Jersey, according to the report.
Steinmetz and Kushner worked on some of these joint ventures through a company called Gaia, which according to Bloomberg was listed on the Kushner Companies’ website as an investor in the past. A spokesperson for the Kushners said that indeed, the two sides have been longstanding business partners.
In the report published by the New York Times, a few hours after the report in Bloomberg appeared, a spokesperson for the Kushners made sure to note that Raz Steinmetz, who is 53 years old, is “the only Steinmetz” the family is doing business with. This was important to note, since Raz Steinmetz’s uncle, Beny Steinmetz, is currently under police investigation for allegedly bribing officials in Guinea in order to advance his mining business. He was detained and investigated by the Israeli police half a year ago.
Beny Steinmetz’s investigation has also spread into the United States, where it is overseen by the Justice Department. The New York Times notes that this could create complications for Kushner, especially since one of his roles in the administration, according to past statements by the president, is brokering Middle East peace. A White House spokeswoman said that “Mr. Kushner continues to work with the Office of the White House Counsel and personal counsel to ensure he recuses from any particular matter involving specific parties in which he has a business relationship with a party to the matter.”
The New York Times report mentioned that Beny Steinmetz’s attorney in the United States is Alan Dershowitz, who said that his client had no business ties to the Kushners. Last month, Haaretz reported that Dershowitz was asked by Trump to convey a message to Prime Minister Netanyahu on the importance and possibility of reaching a peace deal with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.



ARTICLE
A US journalist has been arrested for a second time after criticizing the American government on a radio interview. 
US intelligence reporter Barrett Brown was arrested on Thursday morning after discussing the importance of government whistleblowing to Sputnik.
Sputniknews.com reports:
“I would call the people who did this a bunch of chicken-sh*t a**holes that are brutalizing the Constitution,” Brown’s lawyer, Jay Leiderman, said following his client’s detainment.
Brown first won acclaim for reporting on Stratfor’s intelligence operations directed against US civilians. The Justice Department told Bank of America that Stratfor would be ideally suited to conduct these operations. As the tales of corporate espionage emerged, Brown reported on the leaks, which made waves due to the operations coinciding with the Occupy Wall Street movement.
The government tried to paint Brown as the person who leaked these documents, though he’d only reported on them. He initially faced a 100-year sentence. After pleading guilty to two charges pertaining to obstruction of justice and threatening an FBI agent, Brown’s sentence was knocked down to five years and three months. In sum, Brown’s helped spark the war on leaks that persists to this day.
Brown was put in handcuffs during a routine check-in, before being taken to an unknown facility. Since being released early from jail, Brown has not missed a single meeting with prison authorities.
Following his arrest, Brown told his mom he believes authorities brought him into custody over failure to gain “permission” to provide interviews with news outlets after he was released in November. Brown’s first exclusive interview was given to Radio Sputnik’s By Any Means Necessary with the ever-affable Eugene Puryear.

​Brown also spoke to Vice News last week and was slated to go on PBS Friday for another interview, and these appearances may be what landed him back in jail. So much for free speech.
“If this were happening in another country, [the US government] would deplore it,” former CIA clandestine operative Barry Eisley tweeted.
According to his mother, Brown said that the Bureau of Prisons never informed him that he would need to get special permission to do TV or radio interviews. Brown’s point of contact with the BOP, Luz Lujan, refused to give Brown “copies of program statement rules saying this is a requirement during halfway house and/or home confinement status.” When Lujan finally got back to Brown after a week of not returning his calls, Brown received a form for reporters visiting an inmate in prison, the Intercept reported. The BOP also never showed Brown the document stating why he had to get permission.
In other words, according to Brown, he was never provided a copy of the form he is now being arrested for not having filled out.
“You guys are going to carry out this, you guys are going to characterize this as a refusal of an order that they’re not giving me in writing,” Barrett said in a recorded conversation with his case manager. If failing to cooperate with BOP restrictions on interviews is the reason Brown was stripped of his freedoms during a routine meeting, that would be “disgusting,” his lawyer said, noting that the so-called restrictions seem to have been created on an improvised basis.
UPDATE: “This is a terrible affront to the First Amendment,” Leiderman told Sputnik News in an exclusive interview. Ironically, Brown was never required to get permissions to do interviews while he was previously in federal custody, Leiderman added.
Within the past two days, Brown was asked to produce “prior authorizations” to conduct interviews. “It came out of the blue,” Leiderman continued. Brown never actually said no to getting the prior authorizations, but simply requested that the BOP furnish the policy manual which Lujan said was the reason Brown was being asked to get the permissions. The counselor is “not aware” of any existing precedent where the BOP deployed this policy manual, which adds fire to the claim that this policy measure is being used against Brown personally.
Brown’s words “are weapons of mass education, which is why they are targeting him.”



ARTICLE
Two US Army special forces soldiers were killed Thursday during an operation fighting ISIS-K, the terror group’s affiliate, in Afghanistan.
The Pentagon says another soldier was wounded in Thursday’s raid.
The US service members were conducting a joint US-Afghan operation in the Achin District of Nangarhar province.
The commander of US Forces in Afghanistan has promised to totally defeat ISIS before the end of year.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan (ISIS-K) was dealt a heavy blow on April 13, when the mother of all bombs (MOAB) was dropped on Achin by the US.
CNN reports:
The operation was targeting ISIS-K, the terror group’s Afghanistan affiliate. A US official told CNN the service members were Special Operations Forces soldiers, adding that the wounded soldier’s injuries are not considered life-threatening.
“The fight against ISIS-K is important for the world, but sadly, it is not without sacrifice,” said Gen. John W. Nicholson, commander of US Forces-Afghanistan. “On behalf of all US forces and our coalition partners, I offer our deepest sympathies to the families, friends and fellow service members of our fallen comrades.”
Achin District is the primary base of operations for ISIS in Afghanistan and has been the site of multiple joint US-Afghan counterterrorism missions. A US Army Special Forces soldier was killed fighting the terror group there earlier this month.
It is also where the US dropped one of its most powerful bombs earlier this month, killing close to 100 ISIS fighters, according to Afghan officials.
Nicholson has pledged to eliminate ISIS-K from Afghanistan this year.
“We’re going to keep going until they’re defeated in 2017,” Nicholson told reporters in Kabul this month.
Beginning in 2016, Afghan security forces backed by US military advisers have launched a major offensive against ISIS, with Nicholson saying that the terror group has lost about half of its fighters and been ejected from two-thirds of its territory.
The latest counter-ISIS push began in March of this year.
US officials estimate that ISIS has about 600 to 800 fighters in the country, largely formed from former members of other regional terror groups, including the Pakistani Taliban and Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan. ISIS is believed to be behind a series of terror attacks, including the recent deadly attack on a hospital in Kabul.
There are about 8,400 US troops in Afghanistan. The US counterterrorism mission is separate from the NATO-led effort to train, advise and assist the Afghan army and police force in its fight against the Taliban.
US and coalition casualties in Afghanistan are rare, having fallen dramatically since the Afghan government assumed responsibility for combat operations in 2014.



ARTICLE
U.S. Federal authorities are running a nuclear attack drill at MetLife Stadium in northern New Jersey.
The drill simulates a nuclear strike on the New Jersey side of the Lincoln Tunnel.
Operation Gotham Shield simulates a situation where emergency teams have to cope with a 10-kiloton nuclear bomb explosion in NY.
Drills are also taking place in Washington, DC and Albany.
Fox5NY reports:
Homeland Security and FEMA are conducting Operation Gotham Shield.  The purpose is to practice how to assess, treat and evacuate victims during a potential nuclear attack in the New York City area.
The drills simulate a scenario in which a 10,000 ton improvised nuclear device goes off on the New Jersey side of the Lincoln Tunnel.
MetLife Stadium is serving as the primary response center during the multi-day drills.  The stadium is in East Rutherford, about 15 minutes outside of Manhattan.
The New Jersey and New York emergency management organizations are also taking part.
The exercise is part of several that are taking place along the Northeast Corridor.  Other drills are taking place in Washington, D.C. and Albany.
Federal authorities say the drills are not in response to any current events, including possible threats from North Korea.
This drill follows an exercise in October called Northern Lights that took place in Minnesota.




ARTICLE
Researchers in Southern California have unearthed archaeological evidence that suggests humans lived in North America 130,000 years ago – predating previous estimates by over 100,000 years and throwing grave doubts upon what we thought we knew about the history of the continent.
The San Diego Natural History Museum announced the findings to the public on Wednesday.
NPR reports: In 1992, archaeologists working a highway construction site in San Diego County found the partial skeleton of a mastodon, an elephant-like animal now extinct. Mastodon skeletons aren’t so unusual, but there was other strange stuff with it.
“The remains were in association with a number of sharply broken rocks and broken bones,” says Tom Deméré, a paleontologist at the San Diego Natural History Museum. He says the rocks showed clear marks of having been used as hammers and an anvil. And some of the mastodon bones as well as a tooth showed fractures characteristic of being whacked, apparently with those stones.
It looked like the work of humans. Yet there were no cut marks on the bones showing that the animal was butchered for meat. Deméré thinks these people were after something else. “The suggestion is that this site is strictly for breaking bone,” Deméré says, “to produce blank material, raw material to make bone tools or to extract marrow.” Marrow is a rich source of fatty calories.
The scientists knew they’d uncovered something rare. But they didn’t realize just how rare for years, until they got a reliable date on how old the bones were by using a uranium-thorium dating technology that didn’t exist in the 1990s.
The bones were 130,000 years old. That’s a jaw-dropping date, as other evidence shows that the earliest humans got to the Americas about 15,000 to 20,000 years ago.
“That is an order of magnitude difference. Wow,” says John Shea, an archaeologist at New York’s Stony Brook University who specializes in studying ancient toolmaking. “If it’s correct, then there’s an extraordinarily ancient dispersal to the New World that has a very different archaeological signature from anything left behind by recent humans.”
Shea says it’s different because Stone Age toolmakers usually leave behind stone flakes — sharp pieces broken or “knapped” from certain kinds of rock that serve as cutting implements. There were none at the California site. Another odd thing: no signs that the mastodon was butchered for the meat.
“This is weird,” Shea says. “It’s an outlier in terms of what archaeological sites from that time range look like everywhere else on the planet.” He suggests these bones might have been broken up by natural causes — by a mudflow, perhaps, or by the trampling of animals sometime after the mastodon died.
Another skeptic is John McNabb, an archaeologist at the University of Southampton in England. His question: How did those people get to California?
Twenty thousand years ago, archaeologists agree, people did cross over to Alaska from Siberia, perhaps more than once. Sea levels were lower then and there was a land bridge connecting the continents. In an interview with the journal Nature, which published the California research, McNabb says that land bridge wasn’t there 130,000 years ago. “The sea lane in between the two continents [was] wider [then],” he says, “so that’s one problem with this: How do we get humans across?”

McNabb says what’s needed to really prove that this is truly an archaeological site are bones from the people who got there.
The California team counters that it has spent over 20 years examining the evidence. “I know people will be skeptical with this because it is so surprising,” says team member and archaeologist Steve Holen, “and I was skeptical when I first looked at the material myself. But it’s definitely an archaeological site.”
Holen, with the Center for American Paleolithic Research, says these early people could have come across in boats. As for the broken bones, he says the type of fracture isn’t accidental. And the way the hammerstones and bones were distributed in the ground doesn’t look natural.
One question the team can’t answer is who these people were. A genetic technique that uses mutations in a population’s genome as a sort of “clock” says the first common ancestor of Native Americans lived about 20,000 years ago. So if there were indeed earlier settlers, it could be they made an arduous migration from Siberia, only to die out without leaving any descendants.



ARTICLE
Three more childhood victims of sexual assault have come forward and accused Democrat Seattle mayor Ed Murray of raping them in the 1980’s. 
Delvonn Heckard filed a lawsuit against the mayor earlier this month, as Trump’s elite pedophile ring investigation continues to ensnare high-level government officials around the country.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Heckard claims Murray abused him when he was a teen. According to the Seattle Times, the mayor “sexually abused the crack-cocaine addicted teen on numerous occasions for payments of $10 to $20” starting in 1986 when the boy was just 15 years old. “Two other men, Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson, also have said Murray sexually abused them as teenagers while living in Portland in the early 1980s. They have not filed lawsuits.”
Now, Heckard’s lawyers are claiming the police are shielding the mayor from yet another scandal. The lawyers were provided screen shots from a computer-assisted dispatch (CAD) of at least 8 police officers to the mayor’s home on the night of June 24th, the same night as the Gay Pride parade being held in the town.
The snapshots were provided by an anonymous whistleblower who said that Murray called Seattle’s Police Chief Kathleen O’Toole to deal with a problem, sources say, involving a shirtless man demanding to get his clothes back. O’Toole reportedly responded to the scene and dealt with the matter quietly, without any police report being filed.
Maggie Thompson, Murray’s campaign manager and a member of his staff, was also reportedly called to the scene. “Attorneys Julie Kays and Lincoln Beauregard subpoenaed Thompson, Murray’s operations manager and 2013 campaign manager, who was at the house that night. They want Thompson to provide any information she has related to the call and to three men now accusing the mayor of past sexual abuse,” writes the Times.
As is often the case, when political figures or individuals in positions of authority and power stand accused of criminal activity, it’s often the accuser who then becomes revictimized as the accused often lash out against their victims/accusers.
Such may be the case with Murray and his legal team as well. Jeff Reading, the spokesman for the mayor now thrice accused of pedophilia, responded in a statement, “The gossipy account provided is an example of unfounded rumor being peddled as fact. It is easily disproved by numerous eyewitnesses, and by the official police record.”
Indeed, the mayor did reportedly release statements from five of his friends who were with him on that June night at 11:23 p.m. But according to the CAD the mayor said he “needs police ASAP as unk (unknown) person was on his front door.”
After O’Toole arrived, he reported back to the dispatcher that everything was under control. The dispatcher then reported, “Per Chief O’Toole: Mayor said ‘Maggie’ is there now,” the entry states. “Everything is UC. Not to rush. Per Chief, Mayor sounded a little confused. She req’d (requested) officers still check on him.”
Lawyers for the alleged child victim now in his forties are asking tough questions and have subpoenaed for more information. The lack of a report, coupled with the police chief and the campaign manager’s presence at the mayor’s residence suggests a cover-up to Heckard’s lawyers. “What I want to know is, what’s the mayor’s campaign manager doing at a call like this and why is the chief of police directly involved in the dialogue,” Beauregard told reporters.
The mayor’s version of events differs drastically from the accusations now being levied of a cover-up involving a shirtless man. According to the mayor and those in present at his home that night, a couple came to the front door and asked to use the bathroom. They then got “pushy” and security was called.



ARTICLE
George Soros has vowed to protect internet giants Facebook and Google from any FCC rules that would threaten their monopoly on the internet. 
On Wednesday morning, ahead of FCC chairman Ajit Pai taking the first steps in repealing Obama’s Net Neutrality rules, two Soros-funded organizations held a press conference on the matter.
Infowars.com reports:
In their prepared statements, the Soros-funded partisan advocacy groups and the Democratic Senators promised to oppose the Trump administration’s repeal of the Obama-era ‘Net Neutrality’ rules by organizing a “protest tsunami” to flood Congress and the FCC with phone calls and letters designed to push the leftist Internet agenda.
During the press conference, Infowars.com asked the following question: “Given that almost all real-world examples of blocking or prioritizing content are occurring on the monopoly platforms of Google, Twitter and Facebook, would you support applying ‘Net Neutrality’ rules of no throttling, no prioritization and no blocking of lawful content to massive Silicon Valley content gatekeepers like Google and Facebook?”
The initial reaction of those holding the press conference was stunned silence, deciding how to respond to Infowars.com, given that the other journalists on the call had asked only sympathetic, soft-ball questions to that point.
Craig Aaron, president and CEO of Free Press, finally answered by attempting to distinguish that major telecommunications companies and the Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are the only groups regulated by the Obama-era FCC “Net Neutrality” rules because they connect users to the Internet, while the monopoly gatekeeper platforms like Google, Twitter, and Facebook are exempt from regulation by the Obama-era FCC “Net Neutrality” rules.
Yet, Aaron hedged in his answer.
“Certainly, we can look at the power big platforms have,” Aaron conceded.  “That needs to be kept an eye on.  There are privacy concerns and many other issues that have to do with the growing power of a Google, or a Facebook, or an Amazon, but the reality is that in this case, when we’re talking about the wires going into peoples’ houses, the gatekeeper power rests with the ISPs.”
Concerned the answer was non-responsive, Infowars.com asked a follow-up question, pressing that the actual cases of Internet censorship occurring today involve not the telecommunications companies and the ISPs connecting people to the Internet, but the monopoly gatekeeper platforms like Google, Twitter, and Facebook that are exempt from the Obama-era FCC “Net Neutrality” rules.
“The basis of the question is that it’s an arbitrary distinction not to also apply these same ‘Net Neutrality’ rules to the massive content gatekeepers,” Infowars.com continued asking.  “Why just single out ISPs, and have a different set of rules for the Googles, the Twitters, and the Facebooks?”
“Here’s the bottom line,” Aaron answered, not addressing the point that the monopoly content providers, like Google, were Internet entities today censoring content, not the ISPs. “You can choose not to use Facebook, or Yahoo, or MLB.com (MajorLeagueBaseball.com), but you can’t choose not to have broadband.”
Immediately after Infowars.com asked its question, the participants concluded the telephone press conference.
On March 12, 2015, Chuck Ross of the Daily Caller reported that the 400-page document released by the Obama-controlled FCC when issuing the Obama-era “Net Neutrality Rules” made 46 references to Free Press, a group the Daily Caller characterized as “funded by billionaire George Soros and co-founded by a neo-Marxist.”
Ross noted the term “Free Press” was mentioned 62 times in the Obama-era “Net Neutrality” FCC rules.
“The FCC received more than 4 million public comments as it was weighing the net neutrality initiative, but Free Press and other activist groups have received the most attention by pressuring the FCC and the White House on behalf of their cause,” the Daily Caller noted.
“One argument made against the FCC’s regulatory push is that the general public is largely happy with its internet service,” the Daily Caller continued. “Support for net neutrality was seen as the domain of special interest groups like Free Press.”
On Feb. 25, 2015, the Media Research Center reported that Soros’ Open Foundation Society and the Ford Foundation had spent at least $196 million supporting Astroturf “public interest” groups pushing the left’s agenda to get the Obama-controlled FCC to issue “Net Neutrality” rules that would allow the Internet monopolies like Google, Twitter, and Facebook to remain free to censor content.
On April 5, 2017, Infowars.com reported the Soros-funded Fight for the Future (FFTF) was leading the charge to demonize President Trump over signing legislation to cancel the FCC’s Internet privacy rule.
Infowars.com also reported that FFTF’s Campaign Director, Evan Greer (who participated in the Wednesday telephone press conference), is an LGBT activist with an extensive radical past, including having worked to free a convicted terrorist before joining FFTF.



ARTICLE
US Navy SEALs arrived in South Korea on Tuesday in preparation to station themselves just off of North Korea’s coast in readiness for war. 
According to Fox News, the USS Michigan, a nuclear-powered submarine that carries US Navy SEALs, appeared in Busan in readiness to join the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group off of North Korea’s coast.
Yahoo News reports:
But Yonhap also reported on March 13 that SEAL Team 6 was training alongside South Korea’s own version of the SEALs for an attack to “incapacitate” North Korea’s Kim Jong Un.
The US Navy has refused to comment to Business Insider on the movements of SEAL Team 6, the legendary group of Navy SEALs who took out Osama Bin Laden in 2011, and they don’t normally advertise the whereabouts of their submarines, as the craft are meant to be secretive.
In March, the Pentagon told Business Insider that the US does not train for decapitation strikes of any kind, but would not confirm or deny the presence of the SEALs in Korea.
The question of the SEALs’ presence in South Korea came during a flurry of activity on the peninsula. Each March, the US and South Korea conduct annual Foal Eagle and Key Resolve military drills, which bring a wide range of soldiers and platforms to the region.
Additionally, North Korea celebrates the anniversary of the birth of its founder, Kim Il Sung and the founding of its army in April. This year’s military parade unveiled an unexpected bounty of new missile types and modifications in North Korea’s inventory, with some of them proving particularly troubling for nonproliferation experts.
Meanwhile, the US has signaled a new confidence in their military options against the Kim regime, with US President Donald Trump himself at one point stressing that “if China is not going to solve North Korea, we will.”
As a platform, the Michigan adds a stealth element and an extra set of eyes and ears to the already potent carrier strike group on North Korea’s coast, but it doesn’t add much firepower — US Navy destroyers accompanying the Vinson already have the kind of Tomahawk missiles equipped on the Michigan.
Though the North Koreans have threatened to sink the Vinson, US Pacific Command’s Adm. Harry Harris told Congress on Wednesday that as far as North Korea’s missile threats to the Vinson go “if it flies, it dies.”
But experts have repeatedly stressed to Business Insider that no credible military option exists against the Kim regime.
Even if the US somehow managed to decapitate the Kim regime, the country still technically operates under the leadership of their “forever leader” Kim Sung Il, who died in 1994.
In the decades since the eldest Kim’s death, North Koreans have remained feircely loyal to the regime’s goals of progress towards nuclear and aggression towards the outside world, so it’s unlikely a single leader’s death would upset that.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump has admitted to begging her dad to allow Islamic extremists to enter America as part of an outreach program to the Muslim community. 
Ivanka told NBC that she asked President Trump to grant all Syrian refugees seeking entry into the U.S. permission to enter – regardless of any potential security threats they pose.
Politico.com reports:
The president has argued that such refugees represent a national security threat because they provide easy camouflage for terrorists seeking to enter the U.S. But in her NBC interview, Ivanka Trump said allowing refugees into the U.S. should be a component of a larger plan to address the situation in Syria.
“I think there is a global humanitarian crisis that’s happening, and we have to come together, and we have to solve it,” Ivanka Trump told NBC News reporter Hallie Jackson.
“Does that include opening the border to Syrian refugees in the U.S.?” Jackson replied.
“That has to be part of the discussion, but that’s not going to be enough in and of itself,” the first daughter responded.
While the president has been unwilling to allow Syrian refugees into the U.S., he has called for the creation of safe zones and earlier this month, launched a cruise missile strike against Syria’s military in response to a chemical weapon attack in a rebel-controlled region of the country. Eric Trump, one of the president’s sons who controls the family’s vast business empire, said that it was his sister Ivanka Trump who had used her influence to help compel the president to launch the strikes.
“Ivanka is a mother of three kids and she has influence. I’m sure she said: ‘Listen, this is horrible stuff,’” Eric Trump said in an interview with The Daily Telegraph.
In an interview with reporters on Tuesday, Ivanka Trump said her brother had offered a “flawed interpretation” of how the missile strike decision was reached, although she did say that she offered her opinion, which matched that of her father’s, on the issue.



ARTICLE
The U.S. Air Force launched an intercontinental ballistic missile from California on Wednesday as a symbolic warning to North Korea. 
The Minuteman III missile test was launched from Vandenberg Air Force base just after midnight to show the country’s “effectiveness, readiness and accuracy,” and demonstrate “national nuclear capabilities.”
Rt.com reports:
The Minuteman III missile test comes amid rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula, with a carrier strike group led by the USS Carl Vinson approaching North Korean waters. However, a spokeswoman for the Air Force Global Strike Command says the test was planned in advance and is not connected with the situation in North Korea, and the launches happen on regular basis, according to the Washington Examiner.
The launch is scheduled on Wednesday between 12:01am to 6:01am (0701GMT to 1301GMT) from North Vandenberg Air Force Base, according to the 30th Space Wing, which is conducting the test.
“These Minuteman launches are essential to verify the status of our national nuclear force and to demonstrate our national nuclear capabilities,” the commander of the unit, Colonel John Moss, said in a statement.
The test launch is aimed at validating and verifying “the effectiveness, readiness, and accuracy of the weapon system,” according to the Air Force Global Strike Command.
(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
Despite the fact that the US military denied all connections of the launch with the tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, the drills have raised concerns and received criticism from the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation. The organization accused the US of a “clear double standard,” and advocated for “diplomacy rather than military provocations,” said the foundation president, David Krieger, as cited by the Los Angeles Times.
“It views its own tests as justified and useful, while it views the tests of North Korea as threatening and destabilizing,” Krieger said, also warning of increasing danger of such moves.
He also tweeted that nuclear-capable missile tests are simply a waste of money.

However, the “lethal and ready” capability of the ICBM was praised as a signal for the US enemies following its successful simulated electronic firing on April 11.
“The Simulated Electronic Launch of a Minuteman III ICBM is a signal to the American people, our allies, and our adversaries that our ICBM capability is safe, secure, lethal and ready,” the 625th Strategic Operations Squadron commander, Lt. Col. Deane Konowicz, said in a statement.
Minuteman III ballistic missiles were initially deployed in 1970 and are approaching the end of their useful lifespan of 60 years. Washington has recently launched a massive trillion-dollar program to modernize, support, and maintain its nuclear air-land-sea triad, which also includes Ohio-class submarines and B-52 strategic bombers, over the next 30 years.



ARTICLE
The U.S. Air Force test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile from a base in California early on Wednesday amid increasing tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
The nuclear-capable missile was unarmed according to the Air Force and traveled over 4,000 miles before splashing down in the South Pacific
Press TV reports:
The unarmed Minuteman III missile was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, 130 miles northwest of Los Angeles, California, and successfully hit the target near the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands.
The test was aimed at assessing the effectiveness, readiness, and accuracy of the missile system, the USAF said.
Colonel John Moss, the commander of the 30th Space Wing, said the Minuteman missiles need to be tested on a regular basis to ensure their reliability and to demonstrate the national nuclear capabilities.
The timing of the test was questioned by peace groups, with the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation calling it a “double standard” in the wake of rising tensions with Pyongyang.
“When it comes to missile testing, the US is operating with a clear double standard: It views its own tests as justified and useful, while it views the tests of North Korea as threatening and destabilizing,” the foundation’s president David Krieger said in a statement on Tuesday.
“What is needed is diplomacy rather than military provocations. Threats, whether in the form of tweets, nuclear-capable aircraft carrier groups, or nuclear-capable missile launches, only increase the dangers to us all.”
Washington has warned Pyongyang of a military confrontation if it does not stop its development of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.



ARTICLE
President Trump has asked all 100 members of the U.S. Senate to attend a White House briefing on North Korea.
The White House will hold a rare meeting on Wednesday, where the entire U.S. Senate will be briefed by senior administration officials on the growing problem with North Korea and its nuclear missile program.
Reuters reports:
All 100 senators have been asked to the White House for the briefing by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday.
While administration officials routinely travel to Capitol Hill to address members of Congress on foreign policy matters, it is unusual for the entire Senate to go to the White House, and for all four of those officials to be involved.
Wednesday’s briefing was originally scheduled for a secure room at the Capitol, but President Donald Trump suggested a shift to the White House, congressional aides said.
Washington has expressed mounting concern over North Korea’s nuclear and missile tests, and its threats to attack the United States and its Asian allies.
Trump, who called the leaders of China and Japan during the weekend, told U.N. Security Council ambassadors on Monday that “the status quo” is not acceptable, and said the council must be ready to impose new sanctions.
Congressional aides suggested the briefing was being held at the White House to underscore the message to North Korea that Washington is serious about wanting a shift in policy.
A senior Trump administration official said the flurry of activity around North Korea was “not a part of something choreographed” and cautioned against over-interpretation.
Senators said they were happy to be hearing from the White House.
“It’s (the location) their choice,” said Senator Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. “I hope that we hear their policy as to what their objectives are, and how we can accomplish that hopefully without dropping bombs.”
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said the administration should be telling senators it had a “red line,” if it has one. “By 2020, if nothing changes inside of North Korea, they’ll have the technology, they’ll have a breakthrough, to develop an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) that can reach America. I hope this president will say that’s a non-starter,” Graham said.
The briefing will take place at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT).
Aides said they were working with the White House to schedule a similar briefing for the House of Representatives.



ARTICLE
Top Obama official Steven Koonin has become the latest Democrat to roll over and stab his former comrades in the back, telling the Wall Street Journal that Obama’s administration manipulated ‘climate change’ data to trick the public into accepting Democrat policies.
“What you saw coming out of the press releases about climate data, climate analysis, was, I’d say, misleading, sometimes just wrong,” said Koonin, former Undersecretary of the Department of Energy, referring to the Obama administration’s manipulations and lies.
According to Koonin’s explosive confession, departments responsible for environmental science either “misrepresented data” or “completely fabricated results” to justify the destructive policies of the Obama administration.
Scientists at NASA and the National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) colluded with press officers to create deceitful press releases that propped up the former president’s agenda.
The Obama administration lived by Joseph Goebbels’ mantra: People will believe a big lie sooner than a little one; and if you repeat it often enough people will start to accept it as truth.
Sadly, many people around the world accepted the lies of the corrupt Obama administration. As a result, the economy stagnated, and elites such as Al Gore and Hillary Clinton made a killing.
NOAA was manipulating data
Koonin isn’t the only Obama-era Democrat official squealing on his former colleagues and blowing the whistle on the morally bankrupt Obama administration.
Retired principle climate scientist Dr. John Bates testified before a House Committee in February claiming that the NOAA was manipulating data.
Dr. Bates claimed that “the Karl study” was politically motivated, unscientific, and unsupported by data. “The Karl study” was a report designed to make excuses for the slowing of global temperature growth.
The Obama administration peddled lies and pseudoscience to “prove” that climate change is a real and dangerous phenomenon to justify their policies of increased regulation and size of government.
Corrupt scientists, motivated by politics and dirty money, completely abandoned the scientific method to support their Democratic paymasters. An entire industry, including the mercenary mainstream media, has been created around the easily debunked lie that the earth is getting warmer.
In 2007 Al Gore predicted that the polar ice caps would have completely melted away by 2013, but instead, since that time, they have grown larger. 
Climate scientists were forced to change the name of their theory from Global Warming to Climate Change, because the enough people woke up to the fact that data did not support the big lie that the earth was warming.
Now it is becoming clear that climate change is also not supported by evidence.
Professional climate alarmists like Al Gore may have made millions peddling their pseudoscience and propaganda to the gullible masses, but their claims are simply not supported by any real science.



ARTICLE
Bill Nye “the science guy” who preaches that fluoride, pesticides, GMOs and vaccines are all safe, is now teaching that “transgenderism is evolution.“
Abandoning any remaining shreds of dignity or scientific credibility, Bill Nye has teamed with Rachel Bloom and released a vulgar, cringeworthy, anti-scientific “transgender anthem” called Sex Junk proclaims transgenderism is evolution in action, and that there is no science to gender.
The video hasn’t performed well on YouTube. It has received over 30,000 dislikes and only 400 likes, ranking it among the most unpopular videos of all time.

Bill Nye has become the laughing stock of the world with his new Netflix show ridiculously entitled, Bill Nye Saves the World.
Once claiming to believe in science, Bill Nye has gone all-in for the lunatic leftist anti-science narrative of transgenderism, which contradicts over a century of genetic science and has been dubbed the “Flat Earth theory of genetics.”
Natural News reports: 
The song’s lyrics, which promote the whacked-out myth that human sex expression is not binary, include lines like, “Sex how you want, it’s your goddamn right.”
Another line from the vulgar song goes like this, while Bill Nye gyrates in the background:
“This world of ours is so full of choice. But must I choose between only John or Joyce? Are my options only hard or moist? My vagina has its own voice.”

The song goes on to claim that transgenderism is all part of “evolution” … an assertion that has real “science guys” cringing everywhere.
After the cringe-worthy song finished, Bill Nye sums up his lunacy by stating, “That’s exactly the right message, Rachel, nice job!” If Charles Darwin were still alive today, he would no doubt squash Bill Nye with a giant Galapagos tortoise.

Keep in mind this was all bankrolled by Netflix, which is now fully invested in the production and dissemination of utterly delusional Left-wing narratives rooted in “Flat Earth” science rather than genetic reality.
Remember, to believe in transgenderism — actually a form of psychosis — you have to believe in “magical thinking.”
Will Bill Nye grow a vagina and call for the elimination of genetics education in public schools?
Thanks to science clowns like Bill Nye, it won’t be long now before left-wing science lunatics start calling for the removal of all genetics education from school textbooks because the science of genetics contradicts the lunacy of the transgenderism delusion.
Perhaps Bill Nye will grow a vagina on live television to demonstrate his theory of “spontaneous genetic transmutation” which he implies allows a biological man to transform into a woman by waving a magic wand.
Seriously, if Bill Nye can transmute all his XY chromosomes into XX on live TV — and make his penis vanish into thin air — I promise to reconsider my entire understanding of gene expression.
With this push for transgenderism, Bill Nye has become an embarrassment to real science. He also demonstrates to the whole world why every narrative pushed by what I call “religious science fundamentalism” — including vaccines, climate change, GMOs and pesticides — is rooted in either sheer lunacy or corporate propaganda.
Remember: The guy telling you that GMOs, vaccines and fluoride are all safe is the same guy who thinks men can transform into women by wishing really hard. Yeah, that’s the new “science” being pushed by Bill Nye.
What’s even more sad and pathetic in all this is how it’s now abundantly clear that Bill Nye was required to go all-in for every lunatic delusion of the Left in order to get funding for his Netflix series which also pushes toxic vaccines, deadly herbicide chemicals, unsafe GMOs and every corporate-backed science narrative imaginable.
Instead of holding the line on legitimate science, Bill Nye decided something like, “Screw it, I could use the publicity” and abandoned any last shred of scientific credibility he might have had. He now apparently believes that transgenderism is “evolution.”
Now, he’s just the laughing stock of the world, and he’s actually making it even easier for the rest of us real skeptics (like myself) to discredit the false narratives behind the climate change hoax, toxic vaccines, unsafe GMOs, deadly pesticides, brain damaging fluoride and all the rest.
Please, Bill Nye, make another lunatic anti-science video in the name of your twisted “science.” Perhaps next you can denounce ORGANIC CHEMISTRY, too, and save us all from having to study covalent bonds.



ARTICLE
The CIA slit cats open and install spy wires in their ears, antennas along their spines, and batteries in their stomach, according to information shared by Wikileaks. 
According to a CIA report titled “Views On Trained Cats [Redacted] For [Redacted] Use“, the agency stuffs cats full of electronic spying equipment – an achievement the CIA document claims is a “remarkable scientific achievement.“
The idea is that the cats – which are surgically altered to accommodate transmitting and control devices – can listen to secret conversations while slinking down alleys, crouching under porches, and innocently lounging on sofas.

But early experiments did not go smoothly. The effort to create spy cats to surveil Russians during the Cold War required an ugly reality – the death of domestic kitties.
Victor Marchetti, a former special assistant to the director of the Central Intelligence Agency, described the CIA’s first attempt at creating a spy cat:
“A lot of money was spent. They slit the cat open, put batteries in him, wired him up. The tail was used as an antenna. They made a monstrosity. They tested him and tested him. They found he would walk off the job when he got hungry, so they put another wire in to override that.
“They took it out to a park and pointed it at a park bench and said, ‘Listen to those two guys…’ They put him out of the van, and a taxi comes and runs him over. There they were, sitting in the van with all those dials, and the cat was dead!”
What is Vault 7?
WikiLeaks tweeted the information as part of their Vault 7 CIA season. Vault 7 is a collection of leaked classified documents on the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Code-named “Vault 7” by WikiLeaks, it is the largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency.
Many people believe Vault 7 is the most significant intelligence leak since Edward Snowden leaked top-secret NSA documents in 2013 proving that the intelligence agency was spying on its own citizens.
The confirmation that the CIA created spy cats during the Cold War raises disturbing questions. As anyone with a cursory knowledge of CIA history knows, if they began doing this back then, and lauded it as a success, then they are doing it with bells on now.
It’s not just your devices spying for the CIA.




ARTICLE
Ted Cruz introduced a bill calling for the $14 billion seized from Mexican drug cartel kingpin El Chapo to be used to fund President Trump’s border wall. 
“Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,” Senator Ted Cruz stated, according to a statement from his office.
“Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities.”
As Capitol Hill frets about the cost of Trump’s wall, what better way to spend the illicit drug money than using it to directly stop Mexican cartels terrorizing the United States with their trade in death, disease and destruction?
But liberals in the Lone Star State disagree. 
Progressive group Resist Fascism! is calling for the billions to be used to install “third option” bathrooms “wherever there is a male/female bathroom option in every city and town in the entire United States.“
“Trans people and people who maybe haven’t made up their mind about which gender they identify with should have their own bathrooms,” said spokesman John Henry.
“El Chapo’s money can not be put to better use,” Henry continued. 
“We can save his bloody legacy from complete ruin by using his money to fund a project that will go down in history and be looked at by future generations in the same way the abolition of slavery and female emancipation is looked at by people in our day and age.”



ARTICLE
Nine states have been placed on high alert after radioactive material capable of producing a dirty bomb were stolen near the Texas-Mexican border this week. 
The Mexican government say that Iridium-192 could be used to make a device that would contaminate a wide area with radioactive material.
“The source can be dangerous if it is not handled in safe conditions,” a spokesman said for the Ministry of the Interior.
“It could cause permanent injuries to anyone who manipulates it or is in contact with it over a short period of time. Plus if the material is not in its container it represents a significant risk to health.”
The urgent search for the stolen material covers the states of Jalisco, Colima, Nayarit, Aguascalientes, Guanajuato, Michoacan San Luis Potosi, Durango and Zacatecas,.
Express.co.uk reports:
Iridium 192, which has a half-life of 73 days, is one of a small number of radioactive materials suitable for use in an act of radiological terror.
But authorities are concerned the radioactive isotope may have been stolen accidentally, with thieves unwittingly holding onto the destructive material after attempting to steal the pickup truck it was housed in.
Lord Browne, vice chairman of the Nuclear Threat Initiative, said that when IS captured Mosul in 2014 it claimed to have taken caesium from hospitals.
He said: “I do not know if that was true but the fact that they said it reveals that they know the terror threat that it poses.”
He added: “There is significant intelligence that terrorists around the world know these materials exist, know where they are and have been making efforts to get them.
“In a terrorist investigation in Norway the authorities discovered that the person of interested wanted to do this. Norway acted immediately by removing the material from hospitals.
“I don’t think there’s an intelligence brief in the world that does not suggest that a dirty bomb is not a threat or that terrorists have not expressed a desire to get their hands on the material.”



ARTICLE
Former Vice President Al Gore is demanding an extra $15 trillion dollars to help him fight the war on man-made global warming. 
The Energy Transitions Commission (ETC), headed by various energy executives including Gore, released a report that called on countries around the globe to spend up to $600 billion extra a year over the next two decades to boost energy deployment and green efficiency equipment.
The report claims “additional investments of around $300-$600 billion per annum do not pose a major macroeconomic challenge,” which they say will help fulfil the goals laid out in the Paris agreement.
Dailycaller.com reports:
ETC’s goal is to “accelerate change towards low-carbon energy systems that enable robust economic development” and limit global warming. ETC’s report comes out as the Trump administration considers whether or not to stay party to the Paris agreement, which went into effect in 2016.
Trump has ordered Obama-era policies meant to comply with the Paris agreement be rolled back, but the White House is mulling whether or not to pull out of the agreement altogether. European countries and energy companies have been pressuring the White House to stay party to Paris.
Royal Dutch Shell, for example, aided the pro-Paris faction of the Trump administration by publicly supporting continued U.S. participation in the United Nations deal. Shell is a major producer of natural gas, which the company bills as a way to fight global warming.
Shell funds ETC, and the group’s report mainly targets emissions from coal use. ETC calls for “a rapid decrease in unabated coal consumption, a peak of oil in the 2020s and a continued role for gas provided methane leakages are reduced significantly.”
ETC says global carbon dioxide emissions need to be cut from 36 gigatons to 20 gigatons by 2040, and the world needs “net zero” emissions after 2050 to keep global temperatures from hitting 2 degrees Celsius by 2100.
To meet that goal ETC claims the world needs “investment in renewables and other low-carbon technologies some $6 trillion higher ($300 billion per year); while the largest required increases – of almost $9 trillion ($450 billion per year) – will be in more efficient energy saving equipment and buildings.”
That’s a $15 trillion price tag to theoretically limit future global warming.
ETC says fossil fuel investment would need to be cut $3.7 trillion over this time, and that’s on top of fundamentally altering their economic systems to make green energy cost-competitive with fossil fuels in some parts of the world by 2035.
The group says an “explicit, predictably rising, forward price curve for carbon, resulting from policy, reaching approximately $50 per tonne in the 2020s and rising to around $100 per tonne in the 2030s – is essential to drive decarbonization beyond power, to reinforce regulatory-driven improvements in energy productivity and to prevent falling fossil fuels prices from undermining the pace of the energy transition.”



ARTICLE
President Trump has deployed a nuclear-powered submarine, complete with Tomahawk missiles, to North Korea for a final showdown with Kim Jong-un.
The USS Michigan arrived in South Korea on Tuesday amid concerns that North Korea may be about to launch a nuclear strike “any day now.”
Dailymail.co.uk reports:
And as tensions in the area continued to rise, the top nuclear envoys from South Korea, Japan, and the US met in Tokyo to discuss North Korea’s refusal to give up its nuclear program.
On Monday, US President Donald Trump called for tougher new UN sanctions on Pyongyang, saying the North was a global threat and ‘a problem that we have to finally solve’.
The USS Michigan’s armament comprises four torpedo tubes and 154 BGM-109 Tomahawks. It was modified to remove its nuclear armaments in the mid-2000s.
Japan’s chief cabinet secretary, Yoshide Suga, told a media briefing that China’s nuclear envoy, Wu Dawei, would also hold talks with Japanese Foreign Ministry officials on Tuesday.
A ministry source said Wu was likely to meet his Japanese nuclear counterpart on Wednesday.
Matching the flurry of activity in North Asia, the State Department in Washington said on Monday US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would chair a special ministerial meeting of the UN Security Council on North Korea on Friday.
Tillerson, along with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and Joint Chiefs chairman General Joseph Dunford, would also hold a rare briefing for the entire US Senate on North Korea on Wednesday, Senate aides said.
‘The status quo in North Korea is also unacceptable,’ Trump told a meeting with the 15 UN Security Council ambassadors, including China and Russia, at the White House.
‘The council must be prepared to impose additional and stronger sanctions on North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs.’
South Korean and US officials have feared for some time that a sixth North Korean nuclear test could be imminent.
Speculation has grown that such a test, or another long-range missile launch, could coincide with the 85th anniversary of the foundation of the North’s Korean People’s Army on Tuesday.
The official China Daily said on Tuesday it was time for Pyongyang and Washington to take a step back from harsh rhetoric and heed the voices of reason calling for a peaceful resolution.
‘Judging from their recent words and deeds, policymakers in Pyongyang have seriously misread the UN sanctions, which are aimed at its nuclear/missile provocations, not its system or leadership,’ the newspaper said in an editorial.
‘They are at once perilously overestimating their own strength and underestimating the hazards they are brewing for themselves,’ it said.
In a phone conversation with Trump on Monday, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for all sides to exercise restraint.
Two Japanese destroyers conducted exercises on Monday with the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group that is headed for waters off the Korean peninsula, sent by Trump as a warning to the North.
The South Korean military is also planning to conduct joint drills with the carrier group.
As those drills continued, the USS Michigan arrived in the South Korean port of Busan on Tuesday, the US Navy said. The nuclear-powered submarine is built to carry and launch ballistic missiles and Tomahawk cruise missiles.
As well as his military show of force, Trump has also sought to pressure China to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbor.
China, North Korea’s sole major ally, has in turn been angered by Pyongyang’s belligerence, as well as its nuclear and missile programs.
Regardless, North Korea has carried out nuclear and missile tests in defiance of successive rounds of United Nations sanctions.
Angered by the approach of the carrier group, which could arrive within days, North Korea said the deployment of the USS Carl Vinson was ‘an extremely dangerous act by those who plan a nuclear war to invade’.
‘The United States should not run amok and should consider carefully any catastrophic consequence from its foolish military provocative act,’ Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of North Korea’s ruling Workers’ Party, said in a commentary.



ARTICLE
Lawyers representing the Democratic National Committee and Debbie Wasserman Schultz against charges of election fraud have been ordered to appear before a judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla,, on April 25.
The hearing is set for 1:30 p.m. on April 25, when the judge is expected to announce the court’s decision in response to the DNC’s motion to dismiss the election fraud class action lawsuit.
The lawsuit was filed in June 2016 in response to mounting evidence that Wasserman Schultz used the Democratic Party to rig the primaries in Hillary Clinton’s favor, in a desperate attempt to gain her the nomination over Bernie Sanders.
The Observer reports: Wasserman Schultz and her staff overtly violated article four, section 5 of the DNC Charter, which stipulates, “The Chairperson shall exercise impartiality and evenhandedness between the Presidential candidates and campaigns. The Chairperson shall be responsible for ensuring that the national officers and staff of the Democratic National Committee maintain impartiality and evenhandedness during the Democratic Party Presidential nominating process.”
During the Democratic primaries, Wasserman Schultz, a co-chair for Clinton’s 2008 campaign, continuously pushed back against Sanders’ candidacy and his supporters. Under fire for her decision to drastically reduce the debate schedule, Wasserman Schultz disinvited former DNC Vice Chair Tulsi Gabbard to the first Democratic primary debate and insisted that the debate schedule was fine the way it was.
Wasserman Schultz invoked criticism again after a DNC contractor accidentally shut down a firewall on DNC servers, making Clinton campaign and Sanders campaign voter files accessible to one another. The Sanders campaign fired a staffer for breaching the firewall, but Wasserman Schultz retaliated against the Sanders campaign by shutting down their access to the server, halting their campaign indefinitely until immense backlash led her to rescind her decision.
In several interviews during the Democratic primaries, Wasserman Schultz had trouble masking her contempt for Sanders supporters. In a January 2016 interview with New York Times Magazine, in response to a question about whether she thought there was a generational divide in excitement for Clinton, she said, “Here’s what I see: a complacency among the generation of young women whose entire lives have been lived after Roe v. Wade was decided.”
In a February 2016 interview with CNN, Wasserman Schultz defended the corrupt system of superdelegates, which the Democratic Party used to signal to their support base that Clinton would be the nominee.
“Unpledged delegates exist really to make sure that party leaders and elected officials don’t have to be in a position where they are running against grassroots activists,” she said. That same month, news broke that Wasserman Schultz quietly rescinded Obama’s 2008 ban on donations to the DNC from corporate lobbyists and PACs. The decision paved the way for the Hillary Victory Fund, a joint fundraising committee between the DNC and Clinton campaign that helped the Clinton campaign keep pace with Sanders’ grassroots fundraising machine.
Politico would later report that the Clinton campaign used the Hillary Victory Fund to launder money to their campaign, and the DNC tried to hide the details of its agreement with the Clinton campaign.
Toward the end of the Democratic primaries, Sanders supporters openly protested the Nevada Democratic Party Convention. Their outrage was incited by State Party Chair Roberta Lange, who authoritatively changed the party rules to ensure the Clinton campaign went to the national convention with more delegates, after several of the allocated delegates didn’t show up—a testament to the enthusiasm gap that contributed to Clinton’s loss in the general election. Wasserman Schultz used the nationally reported Nevada Convention to attack Sanders supporters, spreading a falsehood that they were throwing chairs. Wasserman Schultz never apologized or rescinded her comments.
Sanders supporters’ suspicion that the Democratic primaries were rigged in favor of Clinton was confirmed by Clinton campaign Manager John Podesta’s hacked emails, which were exposed after the primaries ended.
So far in court, the DNC’s lawyers haven’t refuted that the primaries were rigged, but in their motion to dismiss, they argued that some Sanders supporters cited in the class action lawsuit posted on social media during the primaries that the Democratic Party was favoring Clinton. The lawyers have also argued that neutrality is just a political promise that the DNC should not be bound to keeping.
Whether the lawsuit moves forward or not, its process through court has vindicated Sanders supporters, who the Democratic establishment still attacks and scolds.



ARTICLE
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has taken a swipe at new U.S. President Donald Trump, accusing him of bugging the Clinton Center with giant insects.
Russia Today reports:
The former US president posted a picture of himself posing next to a giant grasshopper statue outside the Clinton Center in Little Rock, Arkansas, with the caption, “BREAKING: We just learned that the @ClintonCenter has been bugged.”


Clinton’s tweet inspired plenty of surveillance and bug-related pun tweets, including from the Clinton Center itself.




Bill isn’t the first Clinton suspected of trolling Trump via social media. Soon after Trump’s Muslim ban was struck down by three judges in February, Hillary Clinton tweeted, “3-0.”

The biggest Clinton troll appears to be Chelsea though.
In one tweet in February, the former first daughter managed to poke fun at two Trump administration gaffes about terror incidents which never occurred. “What happened in Sweden Friday night? Did they catch the Bowling Green Massacre perpetrators?” Chelsea wrote.



On Monday, the Clinton daughter tweeted that Trump “repeatedly lies.”

The giant bug was outside the Clinton Center as part of its Xtreme Bugs Exhibit.



ARTICLE
Ron Paul has issued a blistering response to President Trump’s about-face in regards to Julian Assange and WikiLeaks, labelling the president a “hypocrite” for turning his back on the whistleblowing organization.
Writing in his weekly column at the Ron Paul Institute website, the former Texas Rep. declared that Julian Assange is a hero who deserves our admiration and respect – not a prison cell.
Reminding the president that he publicly announced “I love Wikileaks,” on October 10th on the campaign trail, and that he praised the organization for reporting on the darker side of the Hillary Clinton campaign, Ron Paul urged President Trump to become more like candidate Trump – the man who wanted to drain the swamp.
Ron Paul writes: Back then he praised Wikileaks for promoting transparency, but candidate Trump looks less like President Trump every day. The candidate praised whistleblowers and Wikileaks often on the campaign trail. In fact, candidate Trump loved Wikileaks so much he mentioned the organization more than 140 times in the final month of the campaign alone! Now, as President, it seems Trump wants Wikileaks founder Julian Assange sent to prison.
Last week CNN reported, citing anonymous “intelligence community” sources, that the Trump Administration’s Justice Department was seeking the arrest of Assange and had found a way to charge the Wikileaks founder for publishing classified information without charging other media outlets such as the New York Times and Washington Post for publishing the same information.
Ron Paul: CNN is fake news
It might have been tempting to write off the CNN report as “fake news,” as is much of their reporting, but for the fact President Trump said in an interview on Friday that issuing an arrest warrant for Julian Assange would be, “OK with me.”
Trump’s condemnation of Wikileaks came just a day after his CIA Director, Michael Pompeo, attacked Wikileaks as a “hostile intelligence service.” Pompeo accused Assange of being “a fraud — a coward hiding behind a screen.”
Pompeo’s word choice was no accident. By accusing Wikileaks of being a “hostile intelligence service” rather than a publisher of information on illegal and abusive government practices leaked by whistleblowers, he signaled that the organization has no First Amendment rights. Like many in Washington, he does not understand that the First Amendment is a limitation on government rather than a granting of rights to citizens. Pompeo was declaring war on Wikileaks.
Ron Paul: Pompeo is a hypocrite
But not that long ago Pompeo also cited Wikileaks as an important source of information. In July he drew attention to the Wikileaks release of information damaging to the Clinton campaign, writing, “Need further proof that the fix was in from President Obama on down?”
There is a word for this sudden about-face on Wikileaks and the transparency it provides us into the operations of the prominent and powerful: hypocrisy.
The Trump Administration’s declaration of war on whistleblowers and Wikileaks is one of the greatest disappointments in these first 100 days. Donald Trump rode into the White House with promises that he would “drain the swamp,” meaning that he would overturn the apple carts of Washington’s vested interests. By unleashing those same vested interests on those who hold them in check – the whistleblowers and those who publish their revelations – he has turned his back on those who elected him.
Julian Assange, along with the whistleblowers who reveal to us the evil that is being done in our name, are heroes. They deserve our respect and admiration, not a prison cell. If we allow this president to declare war on those who tell the truth, we have only ourselves to blame.



ARTICLE
President Trump has demanded the evacuation of 230,000 American citizens currently resident in South Korea as part of a drill named Courageous Channel, military sources reveal.
The operation, set to take place in June, will prepare for the safe exit of almost a quarter of a million Americans in the case of conflict with North Korea.
If Kim Jong-un carries through with his threats to attack, hundreds of thousands of American civilians, including military dependents residing in the capital city Seoul, could be in the line of fire.
Express.co.uk reports:
According to reports, the reclusive state would activate sleeper agents in the South to direct missile and artillery fire.
It is estimated that the North has the capability to fire, using rocket-assisted projectiles, 500,000 rounds of both mortar ammunition and chemical weapons on Seoul in just the first hour of war.
Mr Trump ordered the USS Carl Vinson carrier strike group to sail to waters off the Korean peninsula in response to rising tension over the North’s nuclear and missile tests.
But Kim Jong-un’s hermit state remained defiant with the nation’s ruling Workers’ Party newspaper, the Rodong Sinmun, saying: “Our revolutionary forces are combat-ready to sink a US nuclear powered aircraft carrier with a single strike.”
The last Courageous Channel was held just after the North’s fifth nuclear test in September and was very realistic with participants flown outside of the peninsula.
The issue regarding the reclusive north isn’t likely to fade from prominence anytime soon. In fact, analysts are already speculating another missile or even nuclear test could be in the works for tomorrow, which marks the 85th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People’s Army.
North Korea said on Friday the state of affairs on the Korean peninsula was “extremely perilous” because of “madcap American nuclear war manoeuvres aimed at trampling on our sovereignty and right to survival”.



ARTICLE
President Trump summoned an unusual United Nations Security Council meeting at the White House on Monday, fueling rumors that the United States is about to formally leave the organization. 
Earlier this year, Trump condemned the U.N. as one of the most “corrupt” organizations on earth, suggesting that he would look seriously at whether it was still in America’s interest to remain a member of the international body.
“The United States … remains deeply troubled by the Council’s consistent unfair and unbalanced focus on one democratic country, Israel. No other nation is the focus of an entire agenda item. How is that a sensible priority?” Trump said last March.
Cnbc.com reports:
U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley is serving this month as the President of the Security Council, a role that rotates each month among the five permanent members: the U.S., Great Britain, France, China and Russia. There are 15 members of the group — but the others, right now including Egypt, Japan, Senegal, Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, Sweden, Ukraine and Uruguay are non-voting members.
Haley will be attending before the group returns to New York for scheduled Security Council meetings on Tuesday.
The president’s budget outline proposed deep cuts in the U.S. contribution to the UN, which could dramatically impair its peacekeeping functions around the world.
Other high profile UN functions include refugee relief and vetting of refugee visa applicants to the U.S, the World Health Organization, UNICEF and the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna — the weapons inspectors who monitor Iran’s compliance with the nuclear deal.
Diplomatic sources told NBC News the ambassadors are expecting to have coffee at Blair House — also known as the The President’s Guest House — with members of Congress Monday morning and then go to the White House to meet with the President and have lunch.
North Korea will inevitably be a major point of discussion.
China abstained on a UN resolution last week condemning the latest missile test — instead of vetoing it — a symbolic gesture. But Beijing has so far resisted tougher action.
The Trump administration could unilaterally impose much tougher banking sanctions against North Korea if it wanted to — similar to the Obama administration’s past sanctions on Iran — for instance blocking all foreign banks who deal with North Korea from trading in dollars or banking in the U.S. That would be a direct hit on China’s financing of the regime in Pyongyang.
So far, however, the Trump White House has not chosen that route but has repeatedly said “all options are on the table,” implying military action was possible.
Many experts, including former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, have discounted the viability of preemptive military strikes given the proximity of millions of people in Seoul and 28,500 U.S. troops in South Korea, all within artillery range of North Korea if it were to retaliate.
This all comes as an American citizen, a Korean-American accounting instructor, was detained Sunday at the airport in Pyongyang while trying to leave the country after having been there for a month.
The State Department has reached out to Sweden’s embassy, the protectorate for the U.S. in North Korea, to try to obtain his release.



ARTICLE
An altercation on board an American Airlines flight has resulted in the grounding of a violent crew member who nearly came to blows with passengers.
Friday’s incident comes less than two weeks after a passenger was bloodied, bruised and hospitalized after being dragged off a United Airlines plane.
ABC News reports:

A video posted to Facebook on Friday by Surain Adyanthaya — a passenger onboard American Airlines flight 591, from San Francisco to Dallas — shows an intense confrontation between a flight attendant and at least two passengers at the front of the aircraft while it is still on the tarmac in San Francisco.
The heated moment began when a flight attendant took away a stroller from a female passenger, Adyanthaya told ABC affiliate WFAA in Dallas, which reported that the woman was from Argentina and traveling with her two children.
The nearly three-minute video starts with the woman crying and asking the flight attendant to give her back the stroller.
The incident appears to escalate when a male passenger comes to the woman’s defense, saying to the flight attendant, “Hey bud, hey bud, you do that to me and I’ll knock you flat!”
The flight attendant, who is visibly angry, points his finger at the passenger and says, “Hey, you stay out of this!”
A pilot appears to attempt to calm down the flight attendant.
During the entire video, the female passenger continues to be heard crying.
American Airlines responded publicly to the incident shortly after the video began to circulate online, announcing in a statement that the flight attendant had been put on leave while the incident was investigated and that the woman and her family were upgraded to first-class for the remainder of their international trip.
An American Airlines spokesperson told ABC News that the woman passenger brought a double-wide stroller onto a single-aisle plane.
The airlines’ rules for passengers traveling with children say strollers should be checked at the gate.
The airline spokesperson told ABC News that when the passenger tried to jam the stroller down the plane aisle, a flight attendant tried to tell her she needed to gate-check it. The woman began to cry, after which another passenger got involved, and the situation escalated from there, according to the airline spokesperson.
The spokesperson said the flight attendant should not have become confrontational with any passenger.
American Airlines in its statement said, “What we see on this video does not reflect our values or how we care for our customers. We are deeply sorry for the pain we have caused this passenger and her family and to any other customers affected by the incident.”

The statement continued, “The actions of our team member captured here do not appear to reflect patience or empathy, two values necessary for customer care. In short, we are disappointed by these actions. The American team member has been removed from duty while we immediately investigate this incident.”



ARTICLE
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. dropped a truth bomb live on TV this week, defying Big Pharma and corrupt mainstream media by sharing real facts about vaccine safety.
Explaining to Tucker Carlson that this was only the second time he had ever been allowed to talk about vaccine safety on TV, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. launched into a powerful attack on the vaccine industry, comparing it to a lawless mafia state.
“The pharmaceutical industry is so powerful,” he explained. “They give $5.4 billion a year to the media. They’ve gotten rid of the lawyers, so there is no legal interest in those cases. They have really been able to control the debate and silence people like me.“
Asked how things could get this bad, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. explained that in 1989 Congress granted Big Pharma “blanket legal immunity” when it comes to vaccines.
Big Pharma became a law unto themselves. They can put toxic ingredients in your vaccines, they can seriously injure your child – but you cannot sue them.
“What you have to understand is that the vaccine regimen changed dramatically around 1989. The reason it changed, Tucker, is that Congress, drowning in pharmaceutical industry money, did something they have never done for any other industry – they gave blanket legal immunity to all the vaccine companies. 
“So that no matter how sloppy the line protocols, no matter how absent the quality control, no matter how toxic the ingredients, or egregious the injury to your child, you cannot sue them.
“So there’s no depositions, there’s no discovery, there’s no class action suits. All of a sudden vaccines became enormously profitable.”
The enormous profits in the unregulated industry meant Big Pharma companies raced each other to produce new and unnecessary vaccines to pump into newborn children – often dozens at a time.
“It became a gold rush for the pharmaceutical industry to add new vaccines to the spectrum.”

But at what cost? The vaccine industry, operating under their own rules – or rather, complete absence of rules – is making it impossible for us to find out the facts. President Trump has long called for an independent inquiry into vaccine safety. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is calling for the same.
“I got three vaccines and I was fully compliant. I’m 69 years old. My children got 69 doses of 16 vaccines to be compliant. And a lot of these vaccines aren’t even for communicable diseases. Like Hepatitis B, which comes from unprotected sex, or using or sharing needles – why do we give that to a child on the first day of their life? And it’s loaded with mercury.”
Tucker asked, “We do give that to children?“
“We continue to give it to them. The mercury has been taken out of three vaccines, but it remains in the flu vaccine, and it is still in vaccines all over the world. And it remains the most potent neurotoxin known to man that is not radioactive.”
“How can we inject that into a child?“
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. tried to put the outrageous situation into context.
“If you take that vaccine vial and break it, you have to dispose of that as hazardous waste. You have to evacuate the building. Why would you take that and inject it into a child?”
But he wasn’t finished there. RJK Jr. also took aim at Bill Gates, who recently admitted that he told President Trump “there is no need” for an independent inquiry into the safety of vaccines because he has “looked at it” and they are “completely safe.”
Citing a new independent study, funded by the Danish government, which examined the safety of the Tdap vaccine when given to African children, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. left jaws on the floor when he revealed that the vaccine, pushed on African children by Gates, kills more people than the diseases it is supposed to protect against.
“Virtually every kid in Africa gets it. What they found…they did a vaccinated versus non-vaccinated study, which has never been done…what they concluded was…they said that vaccine is killing more people than Diphtheria, Pertussis, and Tetanus combined (for which the Tdap vaccinated).”
The kids who got the vaccine were “ten times more likely to die from the vaccine” in the two months following the vaccination, than those children who did not receive the vaccine.
“So we need to do these cost/benefit analyses on every vaccine.”
Tucker then asked the question that gave RFK Jr. the opportunity to explain how Big Pharma has marginalized anybody who dares raise questions about anything that could impact their massive profits:
“So why has the point that you are making, that doesn’t seem crazy, been so discredited?“
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. replied: “I’m called anti-vax all the time because the pharmaceutical industry is so powerful. They give $5.4 billion a year to the media. They’ve gotten rid of the lawyers, so there is no legal interest in those cases. They have really been able to control the debate and silence people like me. So I’m really grateful to you, for having the courage to allow me on the show to talk about this. This is the second show in 10 years that has allowed me to talk about this. 
“We ought to be having a responsible debate. A debate that is real, that is based on science.”



ARTICLE
Polling data shows President Donald Trump would trounce Hillary Clinton and win the Electoral Collage and popular vote in a landslide if the election was re-run today. 
Mainstream media is fudging and fiddling with the figures in a desperate attempt to convince the American public that President Trump is unpopular, has lost the support of his base, and won’t stand a chance at re-election.
But a cold, hard look at the data shows the mainstream media is lying.
Let’s take a look at the new Washington Post poll and accompanying propaganda article. Leading with the big, often-repeated lie that President Trump is “the least popular president in modern times,” the Post dedicates ten excruciating paragraphs to fiddling with the numbers, attempting to mislead and distract their audience.
But observant readers will notice that in the second to last paragraph the Post finally let’s the truth out: President Trump would trounce Hillary Rodham Clinton if an election re-run was held today. 
And he’d beat her in the popular vote, not just the Electoral College. 
The new survey finds 46 percent saying they voted for Clinton and 43 percent for Trump, similar to her two-point national vote margin. 
Asked how they would vote if the election were held today, 43 say they would support Trump and 40 percent say Clinton.

ABC’s Jonathan Karl tweeted, “According to the ABC/WP poll, among 2016 voters, @realDonaldTrump would beat Hillary Clinton in a rematch — in the popular vote, no less.“



ARTICLE
A US Navy SEAL has been charged with rape, sexual abuse and possession of child pornography as part of a huge pedophile bust by authorities. 
According to charges filed in a Virginia federal court, a Navy SEAL based in southern California filmed himself abusing a young girl and raping a woman after they both passed out on his bed.
Sputniknews.com reports:
Petty Officer 1st Class Gregory Kyle Seerden, of the Navy’s SEAL Team One, was arrested in San Diego earlier this month after investigators with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) discovered evidence of child pornography on Seerden’s phone in the process of investigating his rape of a 27-year-old woman, as reported by the Los Angeles Times.
Seerden is accused of raping the woman after she fell asleep while the two were drinking alcohol at his hotel room in a Norfolk, Virginia, military base.
He is also accused of being in possession of an undetermined number of child pornogaphy images, as well as video-recording himself sexually molesting a girl, whose age was not disclosed by NCIS, while she was asleep.
If convicted, Seerden faces a mandatory 15-year prison sentence for his activities.
Alongside the notorious online network of US Marine service members sharing and hosting illicit photographs and personal information of female members of the force, often without their consent or knowledge, and the outing of a decorated Navy SEAL who was working as a pornographic film star to make ends meet, the US military’s branded image has been battered recently by two other incidents of note, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Just last month Virginia-based SEAL Chief Special Warfare Operator Stephen Varanko III was found guilty of sexual harassment and battery by a US military tribunal, and, last summer, SEAL Petty Officer 2nd Class Theo Andrew Krah, stationed in San Diego, was arrested after beating and stabbing to death a man, following a fight on the Santa Monica Pier in Los Angeles.



ARTICLE
According to a new poll published by the Washington Post, President Trump would still beat Hillary Clinton in the popular vote if an election were held today.
According to WaPo’s interpretation of the polling data, Trump is “the least popular president in modern times.” However, the newspaper fails to highlight the more vital piece of information – namely that Trump would win another election by a landslide.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
He’d still beat Hillary Rodham Clinton if the election were held today and in the popular vote, not just Electoral College.
The poll found that Trump’s polls continue to be upside down, with a 42 percent approval and 53 percent disapproval.

Also unchanged: His base still likes him.
It’s not until the second to last paragraph of the long story that it’s shown Clinton would still lose to the president, despite the high disapproval ratings and problems with his first 100 days detailed by the paper. It reads:
The new survey finds 46 percent saying they voted for Clinton and 43 percent for Trump, similar to her two-point national vote margin. Asked how they would vote if the election were held today, 43 say they would support Trump and 40 percent say Clinton.

ABC’s Jonathan Karl tweeted, “According to the ABC/WP poll, among 2016 voters, @realDonaldTrump would beat Hillary Clinton in a rematch — in the popular vote, no less.”



ARTICLE
Defiant President Trump has had a member of his own campaign team thrown in jail for belonging to the elite pedophile ring that has infiltrated politics nationwide. 
Tim Nolan, the former chair of the Trump campaign for Campbell County, Kentucky, has been arrested and charged with “felony human trafficking of a minor, felony inducing a minor to engage in sex, and a third count of giving alcohol to a minor,” according to the indictment filed in Boone County, KY.
According to the The River City News, who obtained the indictment on Friday, Nolan has been charged with “human trafficking (a class B felony), first degree unlawful transaction with a minor (a class C felony), and third degree unlawful transaction with a minor (a class A misdemeanor).
The alleged crimes were committed in 2016, while he was chair of the Campbell County arm of the Trump campaign.
But Trump has declared that children are more important than partisan politics, and insisted Nolan be thrown in jail and prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
No mercy
Trump knows pedophiles politicians value their filth over party politics. The enjoyment of murdering and raping children completely overrides any political differences they have.
At the end of the day, a pedophile politician is a compromised being working for the global elite – not a functioning member of the Republican Party.
Nolan is a former county district judge and current member of the Board of Education for Campbell County.
But connections and friends in high places count for nothing with President Trump when it comes to draining the swamp of pedophiles.
No matter which side of the aisle you are from, you are going down.

Weeks after former mayor of Hubbard, Ohio (D) Richard Keenan admitted in court to raping a young child, the current Democrat mayor of Seattle is now being dragged to court on pedophile charges as President Trump’s federal investigation into the elite pedophile ring begins taking down high-profile perpetrators.
Nobody is safe
Federal authorities have locked up more than 3,500 people on child trafficking and pedophilia charges since President Trump assumed office, however the huge increase in numbers on recent years is being completely ignored by mainstream media.
According to the FBI there were less than 400 sex trafficking-related arrests made in the entirety of 2014, proving that President Trump is serious about using “the “full force and weight” of the U.S. government to break up child sex trafficking rings and lock up sexual predators.
“This should be one of the biggest stories in the national news. Instead, the mainstream media has barely, if at all, covered any of these mass pedophile arrests. This begs the question – why?” Liz Crokin wrote for Townhall.com.
In a press conference from the White House on Feb. 23, Trump addressed how human trafficking is a “dire problem” domestically and internationally and set his sights on the elite pedophile ring that has established itself in Washington D.C., spreading a toxic agenda and destabilizing our democracy.
By taking down elected officials, judges, and senior law enforcement officers, Trump is proving he is serious about protecting children from the elite pedophile ring and he is delivering on his promises.



ARTICLE
Harvard University is brainwashing its students, teaching them “there are more than two sexes” and that “gender is fluid and changing” and can change daily, depending on how you feel and what clothes you decide to wear.
And there is no room for discussion or debate. If you disagree with this leftist drivel, you will be shouted down and declared guilty of promoting “systemic violence.”
Peter Van Voorhis reports for Campus Reform:
The guide, which was distributed to students on campus, declares that “there are more than two sexes” and that “gender is fluid and changing,” adding that someone’s gender identity “can be affirmed and/or expressed in many ways,” and can even “change from day to day.”
Yes, that’s right. As Voorhis reports, “the flyer tells students that ‘for many people—cis and trans—gender expression, identity, and self-understanding can change from day to day,’ noting that gender can be expressed through one’s ‘speech, mannerisms, clothing,’ and more.”
This is the sad state of affairs at colleges and universities.
Gender identity can fluctuate daily now?
Conservative Review reports: How are you supposed to write a law that protects against gender or sex discrimination if a person’s “gender identity” can change daily? James Madison might’ve said something important about “mutable” or constantly changing government and “incoherent” laws once.
Pointing out the land of confusion into which the LGBT-rights movement is forcing us to descend could get students into trouble, however.
As the flyer reads, “Transphobic misinformation is a form of systemic violence.” What your kids are being taught, at Harvard University and likely elsewhere, is that traditional understandings of the roles of men and women the distinctions between male and female are “violence.”
If you follow this line of thinking then when, for example, Jesus says in Matthew 19, “Have you not read that he who created them from the beginning made them male and female and said, ‘Therefore a man shall leave his father and his mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh’?” — that’s violence.
Or, in terms promoted by Harvard, “Fixed binaries and biological essentialism, manifest in gendered language, misgendering someone, and the policing of trans bodies, threaten the lives of trans people.”
Some students are not happy their tuition dollars are being used to deny biological reality to make other students more comfortable with their mental delusions.
Campus Reform reports that several outraged students were upset school funds were used for this campaign, but declined to comment on for fear of “potential repercussions from the school.” One wonders if Harvard’s administration has paused to consider whether they are providing a safe space for students who think that men are men and women are women.
This is the sad state of affairs at colleges and universities. Traditional values are called violent. Mob violence to silence free speech is called justice. The same places that claim to create safe spaces for the liberal students are too dangerous for alternative points of view.
When will enough be enough?



ARTICLE
Canadian actor William Shatner has come under fire from Big Pharma after daring to share with the public that he believes vaccines cause autism. 
The Star Trek legend published a series of tweets earlier in April where he spoke out against the dangers of vaccines, directly confronting one of the vaccine industry’s most malicious attack dogs, Dr. David Gorski.
Naturalnews.com reports:
Dr. Gorski, a breast cancer surgeon who preys upon black women in the Detroit area and is a colleague of Dr. Farid Fata, a cancer fraudster who was arrested by the feds, indicted for massive medical fraud, and is now serving 20+ years in federal prison. They both worked in the same facility, and Dr. David Gorski has been reported to the FBI for possible conspiracy involvement in criminal schemes involving medical malpractice and the high-profit maiming of innocent women for profit.
When Shatner tweeted the URL to TruthWiki.org, which exposes the astonishing history of deceit, distortions and abandonment of medical ethics by Dr. Gorski, he was roundly blasted by the coordinated efforts of the vaccine establishment, which incessantly seeks to silence all dissent:

Vaccine zealot David Gorski then begged all his friends to attack William Shatner, claiming he should have quoted Wikipedia instead of Truthwiki, but he neglected to tell William Shatner that David Gorski is the author of the Wikipedia page on David Gorski. 
He’s a high-ranking Wikipedia editor and oversees the coordinated smearing of all those who question the safety of vaccine ingredients. 
Shatner isn’t even opposed to vaccines, but was immediately labeled an “anti-vaxxer” by the vaccine brigade, which seeks to silence all those who question vaccines or who even dare to publicize issues surrounding autism: (for the record, Shatner fully supports immunizations, yet even a “whiff” of supporting the autism community got him slandered by the vaccine zealots)

In response, David Gorski begged his friends to pen a defamatory article about William Shatner at SLATE, the rabid anti-science, Left-wing smear rag funded by George Soros, the liberty-hating globalist. SLATE also attacked the Health Ranger in another attempt to try to discredit real science that questions vaccine disinfo:

In response, David Gorski begged his friends to pen a defamatory article about William Shatner at SLATE, the rabid anti-science, Left-wing smear rag funded by George Soros, the liberty-hating globalist. SLATE also attacked the Health Ranger in another attempt to try to discredit real science that questions vaccine disinfo:
https://twitter.com/WilliamShatner/status/849773578559959040
Tweet William Shatner to thank him for questioning the vaccine bullies and their coordinated intimidation tactics
Now you’re getting a real sense of the level of intense bullying, censorship and intimidation wielded by SLATE, the vaccine zealots and incredibly dangerous, psychotic individuals like Dr. David Gorski (who controls much of the vaccine disinformation on on Wikipedia). Those people have more in common with radical Jahid than legitimate scientific debate.
Please send William Shatner a kind tweet at his twitter account to thank him for refusing to be bullied by the vaccine zealots:
His Twitter account is: https://twitter.com/WilliamShatner
(Be aware that Shatner was not attempting to wade into the vaccine debate. He was merely attempting to originally tweet out support for autism awareness. What he discovered, however, was the cesspool of vaccine Jihad intimidation and bullying tactics.)
Bottom line: Vaccine skepticism is rational; vaccine zealots are dangerous villains
Above all, remember that vaccine skepticism is rooted in rational thinking and genuine science. Many vaccine ingredients — such as mercury, aluminum, MSG and formaldehyde — are undisputed as known neurotoxins. The CDC confirms that some vaccines include ingredients such as diseased African Green Monkey kidney cells, and aborted human fetal tissue is also commonly used in many vaccines, including the chickenpox vaccine.
This video animation explains how vaccine are really made, and efforts have already been made to try to BAN this video from the internet:





ARTICLE
A new Clinton campaign tell-all book reveals how Hillary concocted the Russian hacking narrative after violently attacking husband Bill Clinton backstage after losing to Trump last November. 
According to the book, Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, Hillary devised a devious plan to blame the Russians for her defeat “within twenty-four hours of her concession speech.”
According to a CNN reporter who was with Hillary in the immediate aftermath of her election loss, Hillary flew into a violent fit of rage at Bill Clinton and other campaign staff, using physical violence towards those around her.
It was in the immediate aftermath of this, shortly before her concession speech, that the anti-Russian plan was hatched.
Breitbart.com reports:
The blistering behind-the-scenes book, by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, illustrates how Hillary Clinton furiously blamed her defeat on the FBI investigation into her private emails, Russian interference, and Trump’s supposed support from “white nationalists.”
From Shattered:
On a phone call with a longtime friend a couple of days after the election, Hillary was much less accepting of her defeat. She put a fine point on the factors she believed cost her the presidency: the FBI (Comey), the KGB (the old name for Russia’s intelligence service), and the KKK (the support Trump got from white nationalists).
“I’m angry,” Hillary told her friend. And exhausted. After two brutal campaigns against Sanders and Trump, Hillary now had to explain the failure to friends in a seemingly endless round of phone calls. That was taking a toll on her already weary and grief-stricken soul. But mostly, she was mad— mad that she’d lost and that the country would have to endure a Trump presidency.
The authors detail how Clinton went out of her way to pass blame for her stunning loss on “Comey and Russia.”
“She wants to make sure all these narratives get spun the right way,” a longtime Clinton confidant is quoted as saying.
The book further highlights how Clinton’s Russia-blame-game was a plan hatched by senior campaign staffers John Podesta and Robby Mook, less than “within twenty-four hours” after she conceded:
That strategy had been set within twenty-four hours of her concession speech. Mook and Podesta assembled her communications team at the Brooklyn headquarters to engineer the case that the election wasn’t entirely on the up-and-up. For a couple of hours, with Shake Shack containers littering the room, they went over the script they would pitch to the press and the public. Already, Russian hacking was the centerpiece of the argument.
The Clinton camp settled on a two-pronged plan — pushing the press to cover how “Russian hacking was the major unreported story of the campaign, overshadowed by the contents of stolen e-mails and Hillary’s own private-server imbroglio,” while “hammering the media for focusing so intently on the investigation into her e-mail, which had created a cloud over her candidacy,” the authors wrote.
“The press botched the e-mail story for eighteen months,” one person who was part of the strategy is quoted as saying. “Comey obviously screwed us, but the press created the story.”
The book also details Clinton’s confusion and frustration with President Obama, whom she apparently thought didn’t do enough “to apprise the public that the Russians had gone way beyond what had been reported”:
She wondered why the president hadn’t leaned harder into making the case that Vladimir Putin was specifically targeting her and trying to throw the election to Trump. “The Russia stuff has really bothered her a lot,” one of the aides said. “She’s sort of learning what the administration knew and when they knew it, and she’s just sort of quizzical about the whole thing. She can’t quite sort out how this all played out the way that it did.” On the long list of people, agencies, and international forces Hillary blamed for her loss, Obama had a spot.
Elsewhere, however, Allen and Parnes provide polling numbers and other raw data that pinpoint the precise reason why Clinton lost — hint: it’s not Russia — men and working class Democrats in Pennsylvania turning to Trump, and how he simply outperformed her with white voters in battleground Florida:
Exit polls in Pennsylvania showed that Clinton and Obama won women by thirteen-point margins in 2016 and 2012, respectively. But in a state that has never elected a woman governor or US senator, men favored Trump by seventeen points— a massive increase over Mitt Romney’s three-point edge in 2012. From a geographical perspective, Hillary did better than Obama in Philadelphia and its surrounding suburban counties but lost working-class Democratic strongholds in Erie and Luzerne Counties that Obama had carried.
In Florida, Trump crushed Hillary in the suburban swing areas outside Tampa and St. Petersburg. As he did nationally, Trump did better with white Floridians than Romney had, doubling up Clinton at 64 percent to 32 percent. Romney had beaten Obama 61 percent to 37 percent among Florida whites.
Clinton also lost the reliably-Democratic state of Wisconsin, where she had “had been blown out by Bernie Sanders in the Wisconsin primary” and failed to campaign for months after her party’s national convention:
Turnout in Milwaukee, the key vote center for Democrats in Wisconsin, was off by sixty thousand or so votes from 2012, and nearly three dozen counties in the state saw the partisan margin from that year flip by 20 percentage points or more in 2016. Trump won 52 percent to 41 percent in Brown County, home of Green Bay, site of the visit that Hillary and Obama canceled after the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando. Obama had won the county by nine points in 2008 and lost it by two points in 2012. Hillary, who had been blown out by Bernie Sanders in the Wisconsin primary, never set foot in the state.
Lastly, Shattered examines how Trump turned Michigan — a state that had been blue since 1992 — into a red state:
About a dozen counties in Michigan flipped from Obama to Trump, but one mattered most. Macomb County, flush with working- and middle-class whites, gave Trump more than his statewide margin of victory. Obama won the county by 16,103 votes in 2012; Trump took it by 48,348 votes, or about four times his statewide margin.



ARTICLE
Thousands of victims are suing shingles vaccine manufacturer Merck for giving them the very virus the vaccination was supposed to protect them against. 
According to massive lawsuit, the shingles vaccine Zostavax attacks a persons central nervous system causing a painful rash, which can then lead to encephalitis, vision loss and postherpetic neuralgia.
Attorney Troy Bouk was recently interviewed to discuss the dangers of the shingles vaccine and the reason why thousands of its recipients are seeking to hold big pharma accountable for the damage it has done.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
In the interview with Cousins, Bouk explained that Zostavax is made with a live strain of the shingles virus and described the complications that are associated with shingles. Shingles is caused by the varicella-zoster virus, which is the same virus that causes chicken pox. The varicella-zoster virus lies dormant in people who have had chicken pox, but sometimes the virus reawakens and produces shingles.
The virus often manifests as a painful rash, and can also lead to encephalitis, vision loss and postherpetic neuralgia. Bouk said that the virus sometimes “tends to get into your central nervous system, and then, once in there, it wreaks some havoc by usually causing swelling which ends up with these other medical problems. That’s the situation with the vaccine itself, is that Merck hasn’t warned anyone about those indications.”
Cousins asked Bouk about the effectiveness of Zostavax, to which Bouk replied:
“The FDA has approved the vaccine for people 50 years of age and older, whereas the CDC only recommends that those individuals 60 years of age and older get it. The reason is that once you have had the Zostavax shot, the FDA says it only lasts for about four years. It’s not proven to last any longer than that. Let’s say you’re 55 years old. It may stay in your system till you’re 60, but you actually are at the greatest risk of getting shingles when you’re in your 60s. That’s why the CDC recommends that you really don’t get it until you’re in your 60s, because that’s probably when you’re going to need it the most.”
Book’s claim regarding the CDC’s recommendation is indeed correct. According to the CDC’s website, the agency specifically advises Zostavax to be given to people aged 60 and older and does not provide a recommendation for people between the ages of 50 and 59. The CDC warns that people in the 50-59 age group who receive the Zostavax shot may lose the vaccine’s protection benefits by the time they reach age 60, stating that “adults vaccinated before age 60 years might not be protected later in life when the risk for shingles and its complications are greatest.”
Despite the CDC’s caution against administering Zostavax to people under 60, the FDA approves the vaccine for people age 50 and older, and Merck uses the FDA’s approval to market the vaccine to that age group. Zostamax sales reached $749 million in 2015.
The true efficacy of Zostavax is unclear. The CDC states that the drug “reduced the risk of shingles by 51%” based on a study of 38,000 people age 60 and up. Reuters reported that Zostavax’s effectiveness “varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people.”
A second shingles vaccine from drug manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline, Shingrix, may be available if the FDA approves their filing. Shingrix, a two-dose vaccine, distinguishes itself from Zostavax because it’s derived from a protein of the virus rather than a live strain. The efficacy of Shingrix is more impressive, as Reuters noted that “in clinical trials, GSK’s vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections.”
Merck has explicitly stated that those who receive the Zostavax vaccine “may still get shingles.” However, Bouk argued that some people may be contracting shingles as a side effect of the vaccine itself due to the live virus strain in the vaccine, not because people are experiencing shingles despite the vaccine.
Bouk went on to say that “there is a study out there that shows that in 50% of the patients that actually get the vaccine, that sometimes they don’t get shingles — the virus goes straight to manifesting in the central nervous system. It’s possible that you could get the vaccine and get meningitis or encephalitis without ever actually exhibiting shingles.” Bouk advises that patients weigh the risks of Zostavax before receiving the vaccine.
While GSK seeks approval of Shingrix, which could lead to their product edging out Zostavax, a large number of claims have been filed against Merck. The Mark J. Bern Partners law firm “is currently representing nearly 5000 claimants and has thousands more filings to follow.”
Marc J. Bern said that his firm has been “investigating this drug for quite some time. We steadfastly believe in the merits of this litigation. This vaccination is at best 50 percent effective. Either it is not effective or it causes shingles or a host of other side effects.” Bern added that “what is most troubling is that Merck had a better alternative on hand when this product was released.”



ARTICLE
A former spokesman for the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) has admitted that the real reason for keeping marijuana illegal is because it generates billions of dollars in revenue for the American government.
According to Belita Nelson, the DEA have known for years that marijuana has many health benefits, but due to the fact that the agency make so much money via the civil asset forfeiture law, it will never be legalized nationwide.
Theantimedia.org reports:
In our interview, Belita was hesitant to speak too openly but mentioned that when she first went to work with the DEA (she was contacted and became familiar with agency’s goals), she was told:
“‘Marijuana is safe, we know it’s safe, but it’s our cash cow and we will never, ever, give it up.’”
When the DEA seizes a car or makes a drug bust, it’s likely they’ll find wads of money.
They turn in the pot (or other drugs) — and keep the cash. Civil asset forfeiture law essentially gives the police and feds free reign, and they have confiscated billions of dollars from Americans, a majority of whom have not been charged with a crime.
Belita, like many people, posits that the DEA is not willing to give up the long disproven idea that marijuana is a “gateway drug.” Unlike heroin, most people are open to trying marijuana.
At high school or college parties, it’s much more likely that a joint is being passed around than a needle. While a joint conjures up images of Bob Weir or SOJA on stage, a needle brings to mind a lifeless Philip Seymour Hoffman or Basquiat.
Belita cut ties with the DEA in 2004 after becoming frustrated with the system and the government’s need to keep marijuana criminalized, despite knowledge that the drug was safe.
While at the Starfish Foundation, Belita heard time and time again the tale of pot-smoking teenagers who were pushed into heroin simply because marijuana carries harsh penalties. And it’s a story that’s been told repeatedly.
Today Belita works for the Gridiron Cannabis Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to fighting CTE, concussions, Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, Multiple Sclerosis, neuropathy, dementia, chronic inﬂammation, Leukemia, and brain and other cancers. But the group’s pockets that only stretch so far.
In contrast, her opposition — and the opposition of anyone fighting the heroin epidemic and hoping to legalize marijuana — are big pharma companies.
Recently, we’ve seen pharma companies hit the grassroots to secure influence. Anti-Media and a number of other news outlets recently reported on an opioid company pumping half a million dollars into Arizona anti-marijuana groups in an effort to keep the plant illegal.
These sorts of campaigns do not serve the dead in Plano and the hundreds of thousands around the nation suffering from opioid addiction.
Rather, they benefit CEOs and pharmaceutical groups who have invested millions in developing drugs that minimize pain. Unfortunately, they come with a dangerously high likelihood of addiction.
Big pharma corporations see dollar signs in every painkiller that moves across a counter, but some of which could easily be replaced by marijuana, which is increasingly proven to help decrease pain.
So the American consumer, from Plano, Texas, to Portland, Maine, is faced with the dilemma — is it better to be a living Bob Weir or a dead Basquiat?



ARTICLE
According to a lawsuit filed by Cause of Action, the FBI were willing to pay $50,000 to a British spy in order to obtain the phony Trump Dossier. 
FBI director James Comey authorised the wire transfer of funds to former British spy Christopher Steele, even though the information Steele claimed to have was completely fraudulent.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
A new report by The Times claims that the FBI was willing to pay up to $50,000 for it, however; the payment was never made.
Via The Times:
Mr. Steele met his F.B.I. contact in Rome in early October, bringing a stack of new intelligence reports. One, dated Sept. 14, said that Mr. Putin was facing “fallout” over his apparent involvement in the D.N.C. hack and was receiving “conflicting advice” on what to do.
The agent said that, if Mr. Steele could get solid corroboration of his reports, the F.B.I. would pay him $50,000 for his efforts, according to two people familiar with the offer. Ultimately, he was not paid.
Via The Daily Caller:
The Times reports that Steele and the FBI settled on a $50,000 payout if the ex-MI6 agent could corroborate information contained in his dossier.
As The Times notes, the payment was never made, perhaps suggesting that Steele was not able to confirm information in his memos.
The report raises questions about the degree of confidence that the FBI had in the dossier. And that level of confidence is important because the FBI reportedly relied on the dossier in a September application for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
A Federal Intelligence Surveillance Court judge granted that warrant, meaning that the court agreed there was probable cause to believe that Page was working as an agent of the Russian government.
Shame on the FBI for the lengths it went to destroy Trump. This debunked dossier is also the subject of a lawsuit against Buzzfeed and our government took it seriously enough to the point a judge granted the FBI a FISA warrant.



ARTICLE
Notorious globalist billionaire George Soros has gone on the record threatening to “take down President Trump” and promising an audience at the World Economic Forum in Davos that the New World Order are making the necessary preparations to completely and utterly obliterate every single Republican plan.
Forgot about halting construction of Trump’s wall. Soros won’t be happy until every map of the U.S. is free of borders, migrants outnumber patriots, the White House is torched, and we are governed by a totalitarian one-world government who continue to hate us even though we don’t have freedoms anymore.
Soros is doing this the only way he knows how – by throwing his dirty money around, sponsoring hate groups, protestors, and NGOS, attempting to subvert the course of democracy and eradicate the silent majority.
Your News Wire can reveal the names of 187 groups directly funded by George Soros in his attempt to destroy America.
Some of the names on this list will shock you…Abortion groups, open borders advocates, immigrant activists, groups to change the way we vote, socialist health care, climate change, “Catholics”, Socialists and Communists.
Soros actually has a group whose stated goal is to take money from rich Jews and give it to those with less. Considering a video interview exists of George Soros (a Jew) admitting that he helped the Nazis confiscate property from Jews during WWII, the idea that Soros is funding such a group is not really so stunning.
Truth & Acton report: They’re all here. 187 groups being used to destroy America, thanks to funding by billionaire George Soros. Here are the groups who are using Trump’s election as an excuse to take down America:
Advancement Project: This organization works to organize “communities of color” into politically cohesive units while disseminating its leftist worldviews and values as broadly as possible by way of a sophisticated communications department.
Air America Radio: Now defunct, this was a self-identified “liberal” radio network.
All of Us or None: This organization seeks to change voting laws — which vary from state to state — so as to allow ex-inmates, parolees, and even current inmates to cast their ballots in political elections.
Alliance for Justice: Best known for its activism vis a vis the appointment of federal judges, this group consistently depicts Republican judicial nominees as “extremists.”
America Coming Together: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to coordinate and organize pro-Democrat voter-mobilization programs.
America Votes: Soros also played a major role in creating this group, whose get-out-the-vote campaigns targeted likely Democratic voters.
America’s Voice: This open-borders group seeks to promote “comprehensive” immigration reform that includes a robust agenda in favor of amnesty for illegal aliens.
American Bar Association Commission on Immigration Policy: This organization “opposes laws that require employers and persons providing education, health care, or other social services to verify citizenship or immigration status.”
American Bridge 21st Century: This Super PAC conducts opposition research designed to help Democratic political candidates defeat their Republican foes.
American Civil Liberties Union: This group opposes virtually all post-9/11 national security measures enacted by the U.S. government. It supports open borders, has rushed to the defense of suspected terrorists and their abettors, and appointed former New Left terrorist Bernardine Dohrn to its Advisory Board.
American Constitution Society for Law and Policy: This Washington, DC-based think tank seeks to move American jurisprudence to the left by recruiting, indoctrinating, and mobilizing young law students, helping them acquire positions of power. It also provides leftist Democrats with a bully pulpit from which to denounce their political adversaries.
American Family Voices: This group creates and coordinates media campaigns charging Republicans with wrongdoing.
American Federation of Teachers: After longtime AFT President Albert Shanker died in in 1997, he was succeeded by Sandra Feldman, who slowly “re-branded” the union, allying it with some of the most powerful left-wing elements of the New Labor Movement. When Feldman died in 2004, Edward McElroy took her place, followed by Randi Weingarten in 2008. All of them kept the union on the leftward course it had adopted in its post-Shanker period.
American Friends Service Committee: This group views the United States as the principal cause of human suffering around the world. As such, it favors America’s unilateral disarmament, the dissolution of American borders, amnesty for illegal aliens, the abolition of the death penalty, and the repeal of the Patriot Act.
American Immigration Council: This non-profit organization is a prominent member of the open-borders lobby. It advocates expanded rights and amnesty for illegal aliens residing in the U.S.
American Immigration Law Foundation: This group supports amnesty for illegal aliens, on whose behalf it litigates against the U.S. government.
American Independent News Network: This organization promotes “impact journalism” that advocates progressive change.
American Institute for Social Justice: AISJ’s goal is to produce skilled community organizers who can “transform poor communities” by agitating for increased government spending on city services, drug interdiction, crime prevention, housing, public-sector jobs, access to healthcare, and public schools.
American Library Association: This group has been an outspoken critic of the Bush administration’s War on Terror — most particularly, Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, which it calls “a present danger to the constitutional rights and privacy rights of library users.”
The American Prospect, Inc.: This corporation trains and mentors young leftwing journalists, and organizes strategy meetings for leftist leaders.
Amnesty International: This organization directs a grossly disproportionate share of its criticism for human rights violations at the United States and Israel.
Applied Research Center: Viewing the United States as a nation where “structural racism” is deeply “embedded in the fabric of society,” ARC seeks to “build a fair and equal society” by demanding “concrete change from our most powerful institutions.”
Arab American Institute Foundation: The Arab American Institute denounces the purportedly widespread civil liberties violations directed against Arab Americans in the post-9/11 period, and characterizes Israel as a brutal oppressor of the Palestinian people.
Aspen Institute: This organization promotes radical environmentalism and views America as a nation plagued by deep-seated “structural racism.”
Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now: This group conducts voter mobilization drives on behalf of leftist Democrats. These initiatives have been notoriously marred by fraud and corruption.
Ballot Initiative Strategy Center: This organization seeks to advance “a national progressive strategy” by means of ballot measures—state-level legislative proposals that pass successfully through a petition (“initiative”) process and are then voted upon by the public.
Bill of Rights Defense Committee: This group provides a detailed blueprint for activists interested in getting their local towns, cities, and even college campuses to publicly declare their opposition to the Patriot Act, and to designate themselves “Civil Liberties Safe Zones.” The organization also came to the defense of self-described radical attorney Lynne Stewart, who was convicted in 2005 of providing material support for terrorism.
Black Alliance for Just Immigration: This organization seeks to create a unified movement for “social and economic justice” centered on black racial identity.
Blueprint North Carolina: This group seeks to “influence state policy in North Carolina so that residents of the state benefit from more progressive policies such as better access to health care, higher wages, more affordable housing, a safer, cleaner environment, and access to reproductive health services.”
Brennan Center for Justice: This think tank/legal activist group generates scholarly studies, mounts media campaigns, files amicus briefs, gives pro bono support to activists, and litigates test cases in pursuit of radical “change.”
Brookings Institution: This organization has been involved with a variety of internationalist and state-sponsored programs, including one that aspires to facilitate the establishment of a U.N.-dominated world government. Brookings Fellows have also called for additional global collaboration on trade and banking; the expansion of the Kyoto Protocol; and nationalized health insurance for children. Nine Brookings economists signed a petition opposing President Bush’s tax cuts in 2003.
Campaign for America’s Future: This group supports tax hikes, socialized medicine, and a dramatic expansion of social welfare programs.
Campaign for Better Health Care: This organization favors a single-payer, government-run, universal health care system.
Campaign for Youth Justice: This organization contends that “transferring juveniles to the adult criminal-justice system leads to higher rates of recidivism, puts incarcerated and detained youth at unnecessary risk, has little deterrence value, and does not increase public safety.”
Campus Progress: A project of the Soros-bankrolled Center for American Progress, this group seeks to “strengthen progressive voices on college and university campuses, counter the growing influence of right-wing groups on campus, and empower new generations of progressive leaders.”
Casa de Maryland: This organization aggressively lobbies legislators to vote in favor of policies that promote expanded rights, including amnesty, for illegal aliens currently residing in the United States.
Catalist: This is a for-profit political consultancy that seeks “to help progressive organizations realize measurable increases in civic participation and electoral success by building and operating a robust national voter database of every voting-age American.”
Catholics for Choice: This nominally Catholic organization supports women’s right to abortion-on-demand.
Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good: This political nonprofit group is dedicated to generating support from the Catholic community for leftwing candidates, causes, and legislation.
Center for American Progress: This leftist think tank is headed by former Clinton chief of staff John Podesta, works closely with Hillary Clinton, and employs numerous former Clinton administration staffers. It is committed to “developing a long-term vision of a progressive America” and “providing a forum to generate new progressive ideas and policy proposals.”
Center for Community Change: This group recruits and trains activists to spearhead leftist “political issue campaigns.” Promoting increased funding for social welfare programs by bringing “attention to major national issues related to poverty,” the Center bases its training programs on the techniques taught by the famed radical organizer Saul Alinsky.
Center for Constitutional Rights: This pro-Castro organization is a core member of the open borders lobby, has opposed virtually all post-9/11 anti-terrorism measures by the U.S. government, and alleges that American injustice provokes acts of international terrorism.
Center for Economic and Policy Research: This group opposed welfare reform, supports “living wage” laws, rejects tax cuts, and consistently lauds the professed achievements of socialist regimes, most notably Venezuela.
Center for Reproductive Rights: CRR’s mission is to guarantee safe, affordable contraception and abortion-on-demand for all women, including adolescents. The organization has filed state and federal lawsuits demanding access to taxpayer-funded abortions (through Medicaid) for low-income women.
Center for Responsible Lending: This organization was a major player in the subprime mortgage crisis. According to Phil Kerpen (vice president for policy at Americans for Prosperity), CRL “sh[ook] down and harass[ed] banks into making bad loans to unqualified borrowers.” Moreover, CRL negotiated a contract enabling it to operate as a conduit of high-risk loans to Fannie Mae.
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities: Reasoning from the premise that tax cuts generally help only the wealthy, this organization advocates greater tax expenditures on social welfare programs for low earners.
Center on Wisconsin Strategy (COWS): Aiming to redistribute wealth by way of higher taxes imposed on those whose incomes are above average, COWS contends that “it is important that state government be able to harness fair contribution from all parts of society – including corporations and the wealthy.”
Change America Now: Formed in December 2006, Change America Now describes itself as “an independent political organization created to educate citizens on the failed policies of the Republican Congress and to contrast that record of failure with the promise offered by a Democratic agenda.”
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington: This group litigates and brings ethics charges against “government officials who sacrifice the common good to special interests” and “betray the public trust.” Almost all of its targets are Republicans.
Coalition for an International Criminal Court: This group seeks to subordinate American criminal-justice procedures to those of an international court.
Common Cause: This organization aims to bring about campaign-finance reform, pursue media reform resembling the Fairness Doctrine, and cut military budgets in favor of increased social-welfare and environmental spending.
Constitution Project: This organization seeks to challenge the legality of military commissions; end the detainment of “enemy combatants”; condemn government surveillance of terrorists; and limit the President’s executive privileges.
Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund: Defenders of Wildlife opposes oil exploration in Alaska’s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. It condemns logging, ranching, mining, and even the use of recreational motorized vehicles as activities that are destructive to the environment.
Democracy Alliance: This self-described “liberal organization” aims to raise $200 million to develop a funding clearinghouse for leftist groups. Soros is a major donor to this group.
Democracy 21: This group is a staunch supporter of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, also known as the McCain-Feingold Act.
Democracy Now!: Democracy Now! was created in 1996 by WBAI radio news director Amy Goodman and four partners to provide “perspectives rarely heard in the U.S. corporate-sponsored media,” i.e., the views of radical and foreign journalists, left and labor activists, and ideological foes of capitalism.
Democratic Justice Fund: DJF opposes the Patriot Act and most efforts to restrict or regulate immigration into the United States — particularly from countries designated by the State Department as “terrorist nations.”
Democratic Party: Soros’ funding activities are devoted largely to helping the Democratic Party solidify its power base. In a November 2003 interview, Soros stated that defeating President Bush in 2004 “is the central focus of my life” … “a matter of life and death.” He pledged to raise $75 million to defeat Bush, and personally donated nearly a third of that amount to anti-Bush organizations. “America under Bush,” he said, “is a danger to the world, and I’m willing to put my money where my mouth is.”
Demos: This organization lobbies federal and state policymakers to “addres[s] the economic insecurity and inequality that characterize American society today”; promotes “ideas for reducing gaps in wealth, income and political influence”; and favors tax hikes for the wealthy.
Drum Major Institute: This group describes itself as “a non-partisan, non-profit think tank generating the ideas that fuel the progressive movement,” with the ultimate aim of persuading “policymakers and opinion-leaders” to take steps that advance its vision of “social and economic justice.”
Earthjustice: This group seeks to place severe restrictions on how U.S. land and waterways may be used. It opposes most mining and logging initiatives, commercial fishing businesses, and the use of motorized vehicles in undeveloped areas.
Economic Policy Institute: This organization believes that “government must play an active role in protecting the economically vulnerable, ensuring equal opportunity, and improving the well-being of all Americans.”
Electronic Privacy Information Center: This organization has been a harsh critic of the USA PATRIOT Act and has joined the American Civil Liberties Union in litigating two cases calling for the FBI “to publicly release or account for thousands of pages of information about the government’s use of PATRIOT Act powers.”
Ella Baker Center for Human Rights: Co-founded by the revolutionary communist Van Jones, this anti-poverty organization claims that “decades of disinvestment in our cities” — compounded by “excessive, racist policing and over-incarceration” — have “led to despair and homelessness.”
EMILY’s List: This political network raises money for Democratic female political candidates who support unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.
Energy Action Coalition: Founded in 2004, this group describes itself as “a coalition of 50 youth-led environmental and social justice groups working together to build the youth clean energy and climate movement.” For EAC, this means “dismantling oppression” according to its principles of environmental justice.
Equal Justice USA: This group claims that America’s criminal-justice system is plagued by “significant race and class biases,” and thus seeks to promote major reforms.
Fair Immigration Reform Movement: This is the open-borders arm of the Center for Community Change.
Faithful America: This organization promotes the redistribution of wealth, an end to enhanced interrogation procedures vis a vis prisoners-of-war, the enactment of policies to combat global warming, and the creation of a government-run heath care system.
Feminist Majority: Characterizing the United States as an inherently sexist nation, this group focuses on “advancing the legal, social and political equality of women with men, countering the backlash to women’s advancement, and recruiting and training young feminists to encourage future leadership for the feminist movement in the United States.”
Four Freedoms Fund: This organization was designed to serve as a conduit through which large foundations could fund state-based open-borders organizations more flexibly and quickly.
Free Exchange on Campus: This organization was created solely to oppose the efforts of one individual, David Horowitz, and his campaign to have universities adopt an “Academic Bill of Rights,” as well as to denounce Horowitz’s 2006 book The Professors. Member organizations of FEC include Campus Progress (a project of the Center for American Progress); the American Association of University Professors; the American Civil Liberties Union; People For the American Way; the United States Student Association; the Center for Campus Free Speech; the American Library Association; Free Press; and the National Association of State Public Interest Research Groups.
Free Press: This “media reform” organization has worked closely with many notable leftists and such organizations as Media Matters for America, Air America Radio, Global Exchange, Code Pink, Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, the Revolutionary Communist Party, Mother Jones magazine, and Pacifica Radio.
Funding Exchange: Dedicated to the concept of philanthropy as a vehicle for social change, this organization pairs leftist donors and foundations with like minded groups and activists who are dedicated to bringing about their own version of “progressive” change and social justice. Many of these grantees assume that American society is rife with racism, discrimination, exploitation, and inequity and needs to be overhauled via sustained education, activism, and social agitation.
Gamaliel Foundation: Modeling its tactics on those of the radical Sixties activist Saul Alinsky, this group takes a strong stand against current homeland security measures and immigration restrictions.
Gisha: Center for the Legal Protection of Freedom of Movement: This anti-Israel organization seeks to help Palestinians “exercise their right to freedom of movement.”
Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect: This group contends that when a state proves either unable or unwilling to protect civilians from mass atrocities occurring within its borders, it is the responsibility of the international community to intervene — peacefully if possible, but with military force if necessary.
Global Exchange: Established in 1988 by pro-Castro radical Medea Benjamin, this group consistently condemns America’s foreign policy, business practices, and domestic life. Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Global Exchange advised Americans to examine “the root causes of resentment against the United States in the Arab world — from our dependence on Middle Eastern oil to our biased policy towards Israel.”
Grantmakers Without Borders: GWB tends to be very supportive of leftist environmental, anti-war, and civil rights groups. It is also generally hostile to capitalism, which it deems one of the chief “political, economic, and social systems” that give rise to a host of “social ills.”
Green For All: This group was created by Van Jones to lobby for federal climate, energy, and economic policy initiatives.
Health Care for America Now: This group supports a “single payer” model where the federal government would be in charge of financing and administering the entire U.S. healthcare system.
Human Rights Campaign: The largest “lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender” lobbying group in the United States, HRC supports political candidates and legislation that will advance the LGBT agenda. Historically, HRC has most vigorously championed HIV/AIDS-related legislation, “hate crime” laws, the abrogation of the military’s “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, and the legalization of gay marriage.
Human Rights First: This group supports open borders and the rights of illegal aliens; charges that the Patriot Act severely erodes Americans’ civil liberties; has filed amicus curiae briefs on behalf of terror suspect Jose Padilla; and deplores the Guantanamo Bay detention facilities.
Human Rights Watch: This group directs a disproportionate share of its criticism at the United States and Israel. It opposes the death penalty in all cases, and supports open borders and amnesty for illegal aliens.
I’lam: This anti-Israel NGO seeks “to develop and empower the Arab media and to give voice to Palestinian issues.”
Immigrant Defense Project: To advance the cause of illegal immigrants, the IDP provides immigration law backup support and counseling to New York defense attorneys and others who represent or assist immigrants in criminal justice and immigration systems, as well as to immigrants themselves.
Immigrant Legal Resource Center: This group claims to have helped gain amnesty for some three million illegal aliens in the U.S., and in the 1980s was part of the sanctuary movement which sought to grant asylum to refugees from the failed Communist states of Central America.
Immigrant Workers Citizenship Project: This open-borders organization advocates mass immigration to the U.S.
Immigration Advocates Network: This alliance of immigrant-rights groups seeks to “increase access to justice for low-income immigrants and strengthen the capacity of organizations serving them.”
Immigration Policy Center: IPC is an advocate of open borders and contends that the massive influx of illegal immigrants into America is due to U.S. government policy, since “the broken immigration system […] spurs unauthorized immigration in the first place.”
Independent Media Center: This Internet-based, news and events bulletin board represents an invariably leftist, anti-capitalist perspective and serves as a mouthpiece for anti-globalization/anti-America themes.
Independent Media Institute: IMI administers the SPIN Project (Strategic Press Information Network), which provides leftist organizations with “accessible and affordable strategic communications consulting, training, coaching, networking opportunities and concrete tools” to help them “achieve their social justice goals.”
Institute for America’s Future: IAF supports socialized medicine, increased government funding for education, and the creation of an infrastructure “to ensure that the voice of the progressive majority is heard.”
Institute for New Economic Thinking: Seeking to create a new worldwide “economic paradigm,” this organization is staffed by numerous individuals who favor government intervention in national economies, and who view capitalism as a flawed system.
Institute for Policy Studies: This think tank has long supported Communist and anti-American causes around the world. Viewing capitalism as a breeding ground for “unrestrained greed,” IPS seeks to provide a corrective to “unrestrained markets and individualism.” Professing an unquestioning faith in the righteousness of the United Nations, it aims to bring American foreign policy under UN control.
Institute for Public Accuracy: This anti-American, anti-capitalist, anti-Israel organization sponsored actor Sean Penn’s celebrated visit to Baghdad in 2002. It also sponsored visits to Iraq by Democratic Congressmen Nick Rahall and former Democrat Senator James Abourezk
Institute for Women’s Policy Research: This group views the U.S. as a nation rife with discrimination against women, and publishes research to draw attention to this alleged state of affairs. It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, stating that “access to abortion is essential to the economic well-being of women and girls.”
International Crisis Group: One of this organization’s leading figures is its Mideast Director, Robert Malley, who was President Bill Clinton’s Special Assistant for Arab-Israeli Affairs. His analysis of the Mideast conflict is markedly pro-Palestinian.
J Street: This anti-Israel group warns that Israel’s choice to take military action to stop Hamas’ terrorist attacks “will prove counter-productive and only deepen the cycle of violence in the region”
Jewish Funds for Justice: This organization views government intervention and taxpayer funding as crucial components of enlightened social policy. It seeks to redistribute wealth from Jewish donors to low-income communities “to combat the root causes of domestic economic and social injustice.” By JFJ’s reckoning, chief among those root causes are the inherently negative by-products of capitalism – most notably racism and “gross economic inequality.”
Joint Victory Campaign 2004: Founded by George Soros and Harold Ickes, this group was a major fundraising entity for Democrats during the 2004 election cycle. It collected contributions (including large amounts from Soros personally) and disbursed them to two other groups, America Coming Together and the Media Fund, which also worked on behalf of Democrats.
Justice at Stake: This coalition calls for judges to be appointed by nonpartisan, independent commissions in a process known as “merit selection,” rather than elected by the voting public.
Latino Justice PRLDF: This organization supports bilingual education, the racial gerrymandering of voting districts, and expanded rights for illegal aliens.
Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law: This group views America as an unremittingly racist nation; uses the courts to mandate race-based affirmative action preferences in business and academia; has filed briefs against the Department of Homeland Security’s efforts to limit the wholesale granting of green cards and to identify potential terrorists; condemns the Patriot Act; and calls on Americans to “recognize the contribution” of illegal aliens.
League of United Latin American Citizens: This group views America as a nation plagued by “an alarming increase in xenophobia and anti-Hispanic sentiment”; favors racial preferences; supports the legalization of illegal Hispanic aliens; opposes military surveillance of U.S. borders; opposes making English America’s official language; favors open borders; and rejects anti-terrorism legislation like the Patriot Act.
League of Women Voters Education Fund: The League supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; supports “motor-voter” registration, which allows anyone with a driver’s license to become a voter, regardless of citizenship status; and supports tax hikes and socialized medicine.
League of Young Voters: This organization seeks to “empowe[r] young people nationwide” to “participate in the democratic process and create progressive political change on the local, state and national level[s].”
Lynne Stewart Defense Committee: IRS records indicate that Soros’s Open Society Institute made a September 2002 grant of $20,000 to this organization. Stewart was the criminal-defense attorney who was later convicted for abetting her client, the “blind sheikh” Omar Abdel Rahman, in terrorist activities connected with his Islamic Group.
Machsom Watch: This organization describes itself as “a movement of Israeli women, peace activists from all sectors of Israeli society, who oppose the Israeli occupation and the denial of Palestinians’ rights to move freely in their land.”
MADRE: This international women’s organization deems America the world’s foremost violator of human rights. As such, it seeks to “communicat[e] the real-life impact of U.S. policies on women and families confronting violence, poverty and repression around the world,” and to “demand alternatives to destructive U.S. policies.” It also advocates unrestricted access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.
Malcolm X Grassroots Movement: This group views the U.S. as a nation replete with racism and discrimination against blacks; seeks to establish an independent black nation in the southeastern United States; and demands reparations for slavery.
Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition: This group calls for the expansion of civil rights and liberties for illegal aliens; laments that illegal aliens in America are commonly subjected to “worker exploitation”; supports tuition-assistance programs for illegal aliens attending college; and characterizes the Patriot Act as a “very troubling” assault on civil liberties.
Media Fund: Soros played a major role in creating this group, whose purpose was to conceptualize, produce, and place political ads on television, radio, print, and the Internet.
Media Matters for America: This organization is a “web-based, not-for-profit … progressive research and information center” seeking to “systematically monitor a cross-section of print, broadcast, cable, radio, and Internet media outlets for conservative misinformation.” The group works closely with the Soros-backed Center for American Progress, and is heavily funded by Democracy Alliance, of which Soros is a major financier.
Mercy Corps: Vis a vis the Arab-Israeli conflict, Mercy Corps places all blame for Palestinian poverty and suffering directly on Israel.
Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund: This group advocates open borders, free college tuition for illegal aliens, lowered educational standards to accommodate Hispanics, and voting rights for criminals. In MALDEF’s view, supporters of making English the official language of the United States are “motivated by racism and anti-immigrant sentiments,” while advocates of sanctions against employers reliant on illegal labor seek to discriminate against “brown-skinned people.”
Meyer, Suozzi, English and Klein, PC: This influential defender of Big Labor is headed by Democrat operative Harold Ickes.
Midwest Academy: This entity trains radical activists in the tactics of direct action, targeting, confrontation, and intimidation.
Migration Policy Institute: This group seeks to create “a North America with gradually disappearing border controls … with permanent migration remaining at moderate levels.”
Military Families Speak Out: This group ascribes the U.S. invasion of Iraq to American imperialism and lust for oil.
Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment: This group is the re-branded Missouri branch of the now-defunct, pro-socialist, community organization ACORN.
MoveOn.org: This Web-based organization supports Democratic political candidates through fundraising, advertising, and get-out-the-vote drives.
Ms. Foundation for Women: This group laments what it views as the widespread and enduring flaws of American society: racism, sexism, homophobia, and the violation of civil rights and liberties. It focuses its philanthropy on groups that promote affirmative action for women, unfettered access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, amnesty for illegal aliens, and big government generally.
NARAL Pro-Choice America: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, and works to elect pro-abortion Democrats.
NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund: The NAACP supports racial preferences in employment and education, as well as the racial gerrymandering of voting districts. Underpinning its support for race preferences is the fervent belief that white racism in the United States remains an intractable, largely undiminished, phenomenon.
The Nation Institute: This nonprofit entity sponsors leftist conferences, fellowships, awards for radical activists, and journalism internships.
National Abortion Federation: This group opposes any restrictions on abortion at either the state or federal levels, and champions the introduction of unrestricted abortion into developing regions of the world.
National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty: This group was established in 1976 as the first “fully staffed national organization exclusively devoted to abolishing capital punishment.”
National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy: This group depicts the United States as a nation in need of dramatic structural change financed by philanthropic organizations. It overwhelmingly promotes grant-makers and grantees with leftist agendas, while criticizing their conservative counterparts.
National Committee for Voting Integrity: This group opposes “the implementation of proof of citizenship and photo identification requirements for eligible electors in American elections as the means of assuring election integrity.”
National Council for Research on Women: This group supports big government, high taxes, military spending cuts, increased social welfare spending, and the unrestricted right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.
National Council of La Raza: This group lobbies for racial preferences, bilingual education, stricter hate-crime laws, mass immigration, and amnesty for illegal aliens.
National Council of Women’s Organizations: This group views the United States as a nation rife with injustice against girls and women. It advocates high levels of spending for social welfare programs, and supports race and gender preferences for minorities and women in business and academia.
National Immigration Forum: Opposing the enforcement of present immigration laws, this organization urges the American government to “legalize” en masse all illegal aliens currently in the United States who have no criminal records, and to dramatically increase the number of visas available for those wishing to migrate to the U.S. The Forum is particularly committed to opening the borders to unskilled, low-income workers, and immediately making them eligible for welfare and social service programs.
National Immigration Law Center: This group seeks to win unrestricted access to government-funded social welfare programs for illegal aliens.
National Lawyers Guild: This group promotes open borders; seeks to weaken America’s intelligence-gathering agencies; condemns the Patriot Act as an assault on civil liberties; rejects capitalism as an nonviable economic system; has rushed to the defense of convicted terrorists and their abettors; and generally opposes all U.S. foreign policy positions, just as it did during the Cold War when it sided with the Soviets.
National Organization for Women: This group advocates the unfettered right to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; seeks to “eradicate racism, sexism and homophobia” from American society; attacks Christianity and traditional religious values; and supports gender-based preferences for women.
National Partnership for Women and Families: This organization supports race- and sex-based preferences in employment and education. It also advocates for the universal “right” of women to undergo taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand at any stage of pregnancy and for any reason.
National Priorities Project: This group supports government-mandated redistribution of wealth — through higher taxes and greater expenditures on social welfare programs. NPP exhorts the government to redirect a significant portion of its military funding toward public education, universal health insurance, environmentalist projects, and welfare programs.
National Public Radio: Founded in 1970 with 90 public radio stations as charter members, NPR is today a loose network of more than 750 U.S. radio stations across the country, many of which are based on college and university campuses. (source)
National Security Archive Fund: This group collects and publishes declassified documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act to a degree that compromises American national security and the safety of intelligence agents.
National Women’s Law Center: This group supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; lobbies against conservative judicial appointees; advocates increased welfare spending to help low-income mothers; and favors higher taxes for the purpose of generating more funds for such government programs as Medicaid, food stamps, welfare, foster care, health care, child-support enforcement, and student loans.
Natural Resources Defense Council: One of the most influential environmentalist lobbying groups in the United States, the Council claims a membership of one million people.
New America Foundation: This organization uses policy papers, media articles, books, and educational events to influence public opinion on such topics as healthcare, environmentalism, energy policy, the Mideast conflict, global governance, and much more.
New Israel Fund: This organization gives support to NGOs that regularly produce reports accusing Israel of human-rights violations and religious persecution.
NewsCorpWatch: A project of Media Matters For America, NewsCorpWatch was established with the help of a $1 million George Soros grant to Media Matters.
Pacifica Foundation: This entity owns and operates Pacifica Radio, awash from its birth with the socialist-Marxist rhetoric of class warfare and hatred for capitalism.
Peace and Security Funders Group: This is an association of more than 60 foundations that give money to leftist anti-war and environmentalist causes. Its members tend to depict America as the world’s chief source of international conflict, environmental destruction, and economic inequalities.
Peace Development Fund: In PDF’s calculus, the United States needs a massive overhaul of its social and economic institutions. “Recently,” explains PDF, “we have witnessed the negative effects of neo-liberalism and the globalization of capitalism, the de-industrialization of the U.S. and the growing gap between the rich and poor …”
People for the American Way: This group opposes the Patriot Act, anti-terrorism measures generally, and the allegedly growing influence of the “religious right.”
People Improving Communities Through Organizing: This group uses Alinsky-style organizing tactics to advance the doctrines of the religious left.
Physicians for Human Rights: This group is selectively and disproportionately critical of the United States and Israel in its condemnations of human rights violations.
Physicians for Social Responsibility: This is an anti-U.S.-military organization that also embraces the tenets of radical environmentalism.
Planned Parenthood: This group is the largest abortion provider in the United States and advocates taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand.
Ploughshares Fund: This public grant making foundation opposes America’s development of a missile defense system, and contributes to many organizations that are highly critical of U.S. foreign policies and military ventures.
Prepare New York: This group supported the proposed construction of a Muslim Community Center near Ground Zero in lower Manhattan – a project known as the Cordoba Initiative, headed by Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf.
Presidential Climate Action Project: PCAP’s mission is to create a new 21st-century economy, completely carbon-free and based largely on renewable energy. A key advisor to the organization is the revolutionary communist Van Jones.
Prison Moratorium Project: This initiative was created in 1995 for the express purpose of working for the elimination of all prisons in the United States and the release of all inmates. Reasoning from the premise that incarceration is never an appropriate means of dealing with crime, it deems American society’s inherent inequities the root of all criminal behavior.
Progressive Change Campaign Committee: This organization works “to elect bold progressive candidates to federal office and to help [them] and their campaigns save money, work smarter, and win more often.”Progressive States Network: PSN’s mission is to “pass progressive legislation in all fifty states by providing coordinated research and strategic advocacy tools to forward-thinking state legislators.”
Project Vote: This is the voter-mobilization arm of the Soros-funded ACORN. A persistent pattern of lawlessness and corruption has followed ACORN/Project Vote activities over the years.
Pro Publica: Claiming that “investigative journalism is at risk,” this group aims to remedy this lacuna in news publishing by “expos[ing] abuses of power and betrayals of the public trust by government, business, and other institutions, using the moral force of investigative journalism to spur reform through the sustained spotlighting of wrongdoing.”
Proteus Fund: This foundation directs its philanthropy toward a number of radical leftwing organizations.
Public Citizen Foundation: Public Citizen seeks increased government intervention and litigation against corporations — a practice founded on the notion that American corporations, like the capitalist system of which they are a part, are inherently inclined toward corruption.
Public Justice Center: Viewing America as a nation rife with injustice and discrimination, this organization engages in legislative and policy advocacy to promote “systemic change for the disenfranchised.”
Rebuild and Renew America Now (a.k.a. Unity ’09): Spearheaded by MoveOn.org and overseen by longtime activist Heather Booth, this coalition was formed to facilitate the passage of President Obama’s “historic” $3.5 trillion budget for fiscal year 2010.
Res Publica: Seeking to advance far-left agendas in places all around the world, RP specializes in “E-advocacy,” or web-based movement-building.
Secretary of State Project: This project was launched in July 2006 as an independent “527” organization devoted to helping Democrats get elected to the office of Secretary of State in selected swing, or battleground, states.
Sentencing Project: Asserting that prison-sentencing patterns are racially discriminatory, this initiative advocates voting rights for felons.
Social Justice Leadership: This organization seeks to transform an allegedly inequitable America into a “just society” by means of “a renewed social-justice movement.”
Shadow Democratic Party: This is an elaborate network of non-profit activist groups organized by George Soros and others to mobilize resources — money, get-out-the-vote drives, campaign advertising, and policy initiatives — to elect Democratic candidates and guide the Democratic Party towards the left.
Sojourners: This evangelical Christian ministry preaches radical left-wing politics. During the 1980s it championed Communist revolution in Central America and chastised U.S. policy-makers for their tendency “to assume the very worst about their Soviet counterparts.” More recently, Sojourners has taken up the cause of environmental activism, opposed welfare reform as a “mean-spirited Republican agenda,” and mounted a defense of affirmative action.
Southern Poverty Law Center: This organization monitors the activities of what it calls “hate groups” in the United States. It exaggerates the prevalence of white racism directed against American minorities.
State Voices: This coalition helps independent local activist groups in 22 states work collaboratively on a year-round basis, so as to maximize the impact of their efforts.
Talking Transition: This was a two-week project launched in early November 2013 to “help shape the transition” to City Hall for the newly elected Democratic mayor of New York, Bill de Blasio.
Think Progress: This Internet blog “pushes back, daily,” by its own account, against its conservative targets, and seeks to transform “progressive ideas into policy through rapid response communications, legislative action, grassroots organizing and advocacy, and partnerships with other progressive leaders throughout the country and the world.”
Thunder Road Group: This political consultancy, in whose creation Soros had a hand, coordinates strategy for the Media Fund, America Coming Together, and America Votes.
Tides Foundation and Tides Center: Tides is a major funder of the radical Left.
U.S. Public Interest Research Group: This is an umbrella organization of student groups that support leftist agendas.
Universal Healthcare Action Network: This organization supports a single-payer health care system controlled by the federal government.
Urban Institute: This research organization favors socialized medicine, expansion of the federal welfare bureaucracy, and tax hikes for higher income-earners.
USAction Education Fund: USAction lists its priorities as: “fighting the right wing agenda”; “building grassroots political power”; winning “social, racial and economic justice for all”; supporting a system of taxpayer-funded socialized medicine; reversing “reckless tax cuts for millionaires and corporations” which shield the “wealthy” from paying their “fair share”; advocating for “pro-consumer and environmental regulation of corporate abuse”; “strengthening progressive voices on local, state and national issues”; and working to “register, educate and get out the vote … [to] help progressives get elected at all levels of government.”
Voto Latino: This group seeks to mobilize Latin-Americans to become registered voters and political activists.
We Are America Alliance: This coalition promotes “increased civic participation by immigrants” in the American political process.
Working Families Party: An outgrowth of the socialist New Party, WFP seeks to help push the Democratic Party toward the left.
World Organization Against Torture: This coalition works closely with groups that condemn Israeli security measures against Palestinian terrorism.
YWCA World Office, Switzerland: The YWCA opposes abstinence education; supports universal access to taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand; and opposes school vouchers.
“Secondary“ or “Indirect“ Affiliates of the George Soros Network
In addition to those organizations that are funded directly by George Soros and his Open Society Institute (OSI), there are also numerous “secondary” or “indirect” affiliates of the Soros network. These include organizations which do not receive direct funding from Soros and OSI, but which are funded by one or more organizations that do. -Dr. Rich Swier
For the entire list of secondary groups affiliated with George Soros, go HERE



ARTICLE
American journalist Glenn Greenwald has warned that the imminent arrest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will likely see an end for press freedoms in the U.S.
Speaking with Democracy Now, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist warns that if Assange is extradited and incarcerated, it will mark the end of press freedom for all media organizations and journalists.

FULL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW
AMY GOODMAN: CNN is reporting the Trump administration has prepared an arrest warrant for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Attorney General Jeff Sessions confirmed the report at a news conference on Thursday.
REPORTER: Can you talk about whether it’s a priority for your department to arrest Assange, once and for all, and whether you think you can take him down?
ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS: We are going to step up our effort and already are stepping up our efforts on all leaks. This is a matter that’s gone beyond anything I’m aware of. We have professionals that have been in the security business of the United States for many years that are shocked by the number of leaks. And some of them are quite serious. So, yes, it is a priority.
AMY GOODMAN: Last week, CIA chief Mike Pompeo blasted WikiLeaks as a, quote, “hostile intelligence service,” in a stark reversal from his previous praise for the group. Pompeo made the remarks last week at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in his first public address as CIA director.
MIKE POMPEO: It’s time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is: a nonstate, hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia. … In reality, they champion nothing but their own celebrity. Their currency is clickbait, their moral compass nonexistent. Their mission, personal self-aggrandizement through destruction of Western values.
AMY GOODMAN: In his speech, Pompeo went on to accuse WikiLeaks of instructing Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning to steal information. He also likened Julian Assange to a “demon” and suggested Assange is not protected under the First Amendment. It’s been nearly five years since Julian Assange entered the Ecuadorean Embassy in London seeking political asylum, fearing a Swedish arrest warrant could lead to his extradition to the United States.
For more, we go to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where we’re joined via Democracy Now! video stream by Glenn Greenwald, the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and one of the founding editors of The Intercept. His recent piece is headlined “Trump’s CIA Director Pompeo, Targeting WikiLeaks, Explicitly Threatens Speech and Press Freedoms.”
Glenn, welcome back to Democracy Now! Your response to this latest news that the U.S. government, that the Justice Department, is preparing an arrest warrant for Julian Assange?
GLENN GREENWALD: What’s interesting is, the Justice Department under President Obama experimented with this idea for a long time. They impaneled a grand jury to criminally investigate WikiLeaks and Assange. They wanted to prosecute them for publishing the trove of documents back in 2011 relating to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, as well as the U.S. State Department diplomatic cables. And what they found, the Obama Justice Department found, was that it is impossible to prosecute WikiLeaks for publishing secret documents, without also prosecuting media organizations that regularly do the same thing. The New York Times, The Guardian, many other news organizations also published huge troves of the documents provided by Chelsea Manning. So it was too much of a threat to press freedom, even for the Obama administration, to try and create a theory under which WikiLeaks could be prosecuted.
Fast-forward five years later, there’s been a lot more WikiLeaks leaks and publications, including some really recent ones of sensitive CIA documents, as well as having spent all of last year publishing documents about the Democratic National Committee, which means they’ve made enemies not just of the right in America, but also the Democratic Party. And the Trump administration obviously believes that they can now safely, politically, prosecute WikiLeaks. And the danger, of course, is that this is an administration that has already said, the President himself has said, the U.S. media is the enemy of the American people. And this is a prosecution that would enable them not only to prosecute and imprison Julian Assange, but a whole variety of other journalists and media outlets that also routinely publish classified information from the U.S. government.
AMY GOODMAN: So let’s go back to what CIA chief Mike Pompeo said in his first address as CIA director.
MIKE POMPEO: The days like today, where we call out those who grant a platform to these leakers and so-called transparency activists. We know the danger that Assange and his not-so-merry band of brothers pose to democracies around the world. Ignorance or misplaced idealism is no longer an acceptable excuse for lionizing these demons.
AMY GOODMAN: And CIA chief Mike Pompeo continued.
MIKE POMPEO: Julian Assange and his kind are not the slightest bit interested in improving civil liberties or enhancing personal freedom. They have pretended America’s First Amendment freedoms shield them from justice. They may have believed that, but they’re wrong. Assange is a narcissist who has created nothing of value. He relies on the dirty work of others to make himself famous. He’s a fraud, a coward hiding behind a screen.
AMY GOODMAN: Julian Assange responded to the comments earlier this week while speaking with Jeremy Scahill on the Intercepted podcast.
JULIAN ASSANGE: Pompeo said explicitly that he was going to redefine the legal parameters of the First Amendment to define publishers like WikiLeaks in such a manner that the First Amendment would not apply to them. What the hell is going on? This is the head of the largest intelligence service in the world, the intelligence service of the United States. He doesn’t get to make proclamations on interpretation of the law. That’s a responsibility for the courts, it’s a responsibility for Congress, and perhaps it’s a responsibility for the attorney general. It’s way out of line to usurp the roles of those entities that are formally engaged in defining the interpretations of the First Amendment. For any—frankly, any other group to pronounce themselves, but for the head of the CIA to pronounce what the boundaries are of reporting and not reporting is a very disturbing precedent. This is not how the First Amendment works. It’s just—it’s just legally wrong.
The First Amendment is not a positive definition of rights. It’s a negative definition. It limits what the federal government does. It doesn’t say the federal government must give individuals rights and enforce that. It limits what the federal government can do to take away a certain climate of open debate in the United States. So, the First Amendment prevents Congress and the executive from engaging in actions themselves which would limit not only the ability of people to speak and to publish freely, but would also limit the ability of people to read and understand information, because it is that climate of public debate which creates a check on a centralized governmental structure from becoming authoritarian. It’s a right, from that perspective, for all the people, not just the publisher.
AMY GOODMAN: So that’s Julian Assange speaking on the Intercepted podcast. Glenn Greenwald, if you can respond to both—both Julian as well as the CIA director, Pompeo, and what he’s alleging?
GLENN GREENWALD: I think the key point here to understand is the way in which governments typically try and abridge core freedoms, because what they know is that if they target a group that is popular or a particular idea that people agree with, there will be an uprising against the attempt to abridge freedom. So what they always do, for example, when governments try and abridge freedom of speech, is they pick somebody who they know is hated in society or who expresses an idea that most people find repellent, and they try and abridge freedom of speech in that case, so that most people will let their hatred for the person being targeted override the principle involved, and they will sanction or at least acquiesce to the attack on freedom because they hate the person being attacked. But what happens is, the abridgment then gets institutionalized and entrenched. And that way, when the government goes to start to apply this abridgment to other people that you like more, it’s too late, because you’ve acquiesced in the first instance. And that’s why groups like the ACLU, when they want to defend civil liberties, are often—so often defending the most marginalized and hated groups, like neo-Nazis or white supremacists or the KKK, because that’s where the attacks happen.
This is what Mike Pompeo is strategizing to do now and what Jeff Sessions wants to do, as well, is they know WikiLeaks is hated on all sides of the political spectrum. The right has long hated WikiLeaks because of all the publications they did of Bush-era war crimes, and Democrats now despise WikiLeaks, probably more than anybody else that they hate, because of the role that Democrats believe WikiLeaks played in helping to defeat Hillary Clinton. And so, what Jeff Sessions is hoping, and probably with a good amount of validity, is that Democrats, who should be the resistance to these sorts of attacks, will actually cheer for the Trump administration while they prosecute WikiLeaks, because they hate WikiLeaks so much, and that U.S. media outlets, which also hate WikiLeaks, won’t raise much of a fuss. And that way, this very dangerous precedent of allowing the CIA and the Trump Justice Department to decide who is and who is not a journalist, what types of journalism are protected by the First Amendment and what types aren’t, will be entrenched as precedent. And that way, the next time there’s a leak that they hate in The New York Times or by NBC News, they will have this theory, that everybody signed on to, that said that the First Amendment doesn’t apply to certain people if you publish documents that are sensitive enough, or if you work enough with certain sources before the publication, that you’re deemed a collaborator. That’s what makes this moment so dangerous for core press freedoms.
AMY GOODMAN: Let me get your response to this other point that CIA chief Mike Pompeo made.
MIKE POMPEO: In January of this year, our Intelligence Committee determined that Russian military intelligence, the GRU, had used WikiLeaks to release data of U.S. victims that the GRU had obtained through cyber-operations against the Democratic National Committee.
AMY GOODMAN: Glenn Greenwald?
GLENN GREENWALD: Well, first of all, there’s been no evidence, of course, presented by the U.S. government that that’s actually true. They’ve stated that over and over, but there’s been no evidence presented of it so far.
But let’s assume for the sake of argument that they’re actually telling the truth, that the Trump CIA director is being honest and that that’s really what happened. What does that mean in terms of WikiLeaks? Nobody suggests that WikiLeaks did the actual hacking. In this case, even if what they’re saying is true, it would mean that WikiLeaks received information from a source—in this case, a foreign government—and then published that information that every U.S. media outlet in the country deemed newsworthy, because they constantly reported on it. This is a very common practice, where U.S. media outlets receive information from sources, often foreign sources, including officials within foreign governments, and then publish or report on the information that they’ve been provided. If you allow that process to be criminalized simply because WikiLeaks’ source in this particular case happened to be a foreign government or a foreign intelligence agency, you are, again, endangering press freedoms in a very substantial way, because that is something that media outlets do very often. That’s where they get their information from.
AMY GOODMAN: And let’s turn to CIA Director Mike Pompeo talking about your news organization, that you co-founded, Glenn, The Intercept.
MIKE POMPEO: The Intercept, which has in the past gleefully reported unauthorized disclosures, accused WikiLeaks in late March of, quote, “stretching the facts” in its comments about the CIA. In the same article, The Intercept added that the documents, quote, “were not worth the concern WikiLeaks generated by its public comments.”
AMY GOODMAN: Glenn Greenwald, your response?
GLENN GREENWALD: So that was an article written by one of our reporters assessing WikiLeaks’s journalism. We criticize the journalism of pretty much every media outlet. We’ve certainly written far more scathing critiques of The New York Times and NBC News and The Washington Post when they’ve published fake stories or when they’ve done misleading and deceitful journalism. So the fact that we’ve been critical of some of WikiLeaks’s journalism, just as WikiLeaks has sometimes been critical of ours, doesn’t justify turning them into felons and prosecuting them. If bad journalism or making poor journalistic choices can now justify having the Justice Department prosecute you, there will be no media organizations left. So, he was trolling there by citing one of our articles that was mildly critical of WikiLeaks’s journalism, but that obviously does not remotely justify prosecuting WikiLeaks for having published secret documents.
AMY GOODMAN: So, what happens right now? There is Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorean Embassy for almost five years now. What does it mean that there is an arrest warrant from him by the United States—for him?
GLENN GREENWALD: Well, that’s—that’s a really significant question, Amy. And when Mike Pompeo made his speech, the one that you’ve been playing, it was very deliberately threatening. He was saying things like “We are no longer going to allow them the space to publish this information. This ends now.” And the question that you just raised is the towering one for me, which is, OK, so the U.S. government indicts WikiLeaks and issues an arrest warrant for Julian Assange. It doesn’t change the fact that he’s currently in the Ecuadorean Embassy, where he has received asylum. And remember, the reason the Ecuadorean government gave Julian Assange asylum in the first place was because they said they were worried that if he were extradited to Sweden, that that would then be used to send him to the United States, where he would be prosecuted for publishing information, for doing journalism. That was always what Ecuador was most worried about. So it seems very unlikely that Ecuador is going to voluntarily withdraw its asylum.
So then the question becomes: Do they have any plans to physically seize Julian by invading the Ecuadorean Embassy, something the U.K. government actually thought about doing early on? Do they—are they trying to do a deal with the new Ecuadorean government to provide them benefits, or threaten them, in exchange for handing Julian over and withdrawing the asylum? Or is this just theater? Is this just show? Is this just a way of the Trump administration showing that they’re trying to crack down on leaks? I don’t think we know the answer to that question. But the asylum that Julian has should prevent the U.S. government from apprehending him, even if they do decide to go ahead and indict WikiLeaks.
AMY GOODMAN: Chelsea Manning is about to be released in May. The argument that he’s making that Julian Assange solicited Manning, the information, your final comment, Glenn?
GLENN GREENWALD: So the Obama administration, when they were trying to prosecute WikiLeaks, thought about: How can we do this in a way that makes it so that we’re accusing them of more than just publishing? And they said, “Maybe we can find evidence that Julian actually participated with Chelsea Manning in the theft of this material.” And ultimately, they found no evidence whatsoever to support that theory. Nonetheless, Mike Pompeo asserted that this was true, obviously in anticipation of trying to use this as a theory to say, “We’re not prosecuting WikiLeaks for publishing. We’re prosecuting them for collaborating or conspiring in the theft of this information.” There’s been no evidence ever that the Obama administration found. And I seriously doubt the Trump administration has found evidence for that, as well, but they asserted it in order to say, “We’re not prosecuting them for publishing.”
AMY GOODMAN: We’re going to leave it there, but, of course, we’re going to continue to follow this. Glenn, thanks so much for joining us.
GLENN GREENWALD: Thanks, Amy.
AMY GOODMAN: Glenn Greenwald, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, one of the founding editors of The Intercept.



ARTICLE
The U.S. government are preparing to launch a major military drill in the heart of Manhattan, simulating a nuclear blast in what some experts claim will be a false flag attack. 
Between April 24-26th, Operation Gotham Shield will see FEMA, Homeland Security, the Army and other law enforcement agencies ‘simulate’ a chemical, biological and nuclear attack in New York City.
Shtfplan.com reports:
WMD, chemical and biological units will all be on hand as a response is tested for a “simulated” nuclear detonation over the United States’ foremost urban center, in the iconic and densely populated island of Manhattan and nearby shores of New Jersey.

The potential for a more explosive false flag to spin out of control, by hijacking and ‘converting’ the simulated actions, is all too real.
This is closely related to the mechanism that many researchers believe was at work on the day of 9/11, nesting a false flag attack inside of a series of large-scale training operations which invoked emergency powers and simulated attacks in locations that were actually hit.
According to the Voice of Reason:
On April 18th thru May 5th, 2017, state, local, and federal organizations alike are planning for Operation Gotham Shield 2017 — a major nuclear detonation drill in the New York-New Jersey area, along with the U.S.-Canadian border. During this exercise, 4 nuclear devices, 2 of which are rendered “safe” during the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) Vital Archer Exercise, and one successful 10kt detonation in the NYC/NJ area, along with one smaller detonation on the U.S./Canadian border are to take place.
Among the organizations involved are:
– U.S. Department of Energy (DOE)
– U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)
– U.S. Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO)
– U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
– U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
– U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM)
– State of New Jersey Office of Emergency Management
– State of New York Office of Emergency Management
– City of New York Office of Emergency Management
The following document comes form The Nevada National Security Service. Their primary role with the government is to help ensure the security of the United States and its allies by supporting the stewardship of the nuclear deterrent, providing emergency response capability and training, and contributing to key nonproliferation and arms control initiatives.
Will anything catastrophic happen during or after that window of time? Will North Korea really attack the U.S. mainland? Will someone else do so, and blame their overseas enemies?
No one who knows the answers to these questions is willing to talk. For now, all we can do is watch, wait and listen.
Don’t jump to fear and speculation, but don’t lie down or look away either.
These will be trying times.



ARTICLE
Two Japanese naval destroyers have joined the US Navy to patrol the waters surrounding North Korea in a huge military buildup in the Korean Peninsula. 
Naval destroyers, Ashigara and Samidare, have joined the carrier strike group ‘USS Carl Vinson’ as they prepare for a military showdown on the 85th anniversary of the foundation of Pyongyang’s military.
Rt.com reports:
Though little is known about the naval exercise, the event was announced by the Japanese Navy earlier last week.
“Japan wants to dispatch several destroyers as the ‘Carl Vinson’ enters the East China Sea,” said one of the Japanese military sources, as cited by Reuters.
The source added that the drills would involve helicopter landings on both American and Japanese ships as well as communications training.
The American strike group includes Nimitz-class aircraft carrier ‘USS Carl Vinson’ with her air wing, Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyers ‘USS Wayne E. Meyer’ and ‘USS Michael Murphy’, as well as Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser ‘USS Lake Champlain’.
The strike group will operate in the region under the operational control of the 3rd Fleet as part of the 3rd Fleet Forward initiative, according to the US Navy.
Its arrival to the Western Pacific was marked by a string of conflicting statements from the White House and the Pentagon. Last week, US President Donald Trump told Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that “we are sending an armada, very powerful. We have submarines, very powerful – far more powerful than the aircraft carrier.”
The news, however, was downplayed by US military officials after it emerged that the strike group was heading to Australia instead of the Korean Peninsula. Some American media reported that the USS Carl Vinson and her escort ships were operating near Indonesia.
Earlier this week, a senior White House official accused the military of misleading the president and his team about the deployment of the ‘Carl Vinson’, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Defense Secretary James Mattis provided a rather vague statement, saying: “The Vinson, as I’ve said on the record, was operating up and down the western Pacific … And that is, we’re shifting her, instead of continuing one direction as she pulled out of Singapore she’s going to continue part of our cruise down in that region, but she was on her way up to Korea.”
The latest flare-up in tension between the US and North Korea has been triggered by reports that the state was about to conduct its sixth nuclear test or fire a nuclear-capable ballistic missile. Washington threatened to solve the ‘North Korean problem’ unilaterally, arguing that Pyongyang poses a threat to US interests in the region.
North Korea said it was ready to defend itself with all means available, including weapons of mass destruction. In a series of extraordinary statements, China, North Korea’s main trading partner and ally, warned that the region was on the brink of an all-out war.
Russia, which shares a land border with the hermit state, urged all parties to refrain from the use of military force.



ARTICLE
According to the US Navy, a fighter pilot was forced to eject during an attempted landing on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson in the Celebes Sea, south of the Philippines.
The F/A-18E fighter jet, part of Carrier Air Wing 2, was on final landing approach after conducting “routine flight operations,” US 7th Fleet Command said in a statement.
The The pilot was recovered safely and the incident is under investigation.
Zero Hedge reports:
With the USS Carl Vinson finally on its way to North Korea after some initial “miscommunications” between the White House and the Pentagon, on Friday the aircraft carrier suffered another embarrassing moment when a F-18 pilot was forced to eject during an attempted landing on the deck of the Vinson in the Celebes Sea, south of the Philippines, the US Navy said in a statement. The pilot was recovered safely.
According to the US 7th Fleet Command, the incident occurred as the fighter jet was on final approach after “conducting routine flight operations” and is currently under investigation. The pilot is being assessed by the medical team on board USS Carl Vinson and there are no apparent injuries at this time. Full statement below:
USS Carl Vinson Pilot Ejects Safely at Sea
The carrier group, currently located in proximity to the Philippines, is “steaming out toward the Sea of Japan” the White House said earlier this month. On April 15, however, the Navy posted a photograph on Flickr with a description placing the Carl Vinson in the Sunda Strait, several hundred miles south of Singapore. The Carl Vinson battle group was deployed in East Asia in January. According to the US Navy, the carrier is accompanied by the missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain, and destroyers USS Wayne E. Meyer and USS Michael Murphy.



ARTICLE
Facebook is allowing its employees time off work to join pro-immigrant protests planned for International Workers’ Day on May 1.
Facebook Inc. will not tolerate contractors penalizing employees who skip work that day.
The company said it will investigate if any of its vendors infringe on their employees’ First Amendment rights.
Daily Mail reports:
The company made the announcement at an internal forum on April 14.
‘At Facebook, we’re committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where employees feel comfortable expressing their opinions and speaking up,’ a spokesman wrote in a statement, according to Bloomberg. ‘We support our people in recognizing International Workers’ Day and other efforts to raise awareness for safe and equitable employment conditions.’
Employees who wish to skip work to join the protests won’t even need to notify the company ahead of time, Facebook said.
The company also said that it will re-evaluate their business ties with contractors – who staff janitors, drivers and other workers at Facebook – who punish their employees for joining the demonstrations.
‘It’s important not just to the engineers and H-1B holders that are traditionally thought of as the immigrants in tech but also to folks who are subcontracted but work side-by-side on those campuses,’ Derecka Mehrens, co-founder of Silicon Valley Rising, a union-backed coalition, said. ‘Immigrants play a critical role in the tech sector – both as engineers and coders but also in keeping tech campuses running smoothly.’
Facebook was one of many tech companies that spoke out against Trump when he tried to institute a travel ban on several Muslim countries.
Rumors have been circulating that Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is considering a run for the White House as a Democrat.




ARTICLE
Bill Gates met with President Trump in the White House in a shameless, last-ditch attempt at convincing the president to scrap his plan for an independent inquiry into vaccine safety.
When asked if he raised the topic of vaccines with President Trump, who has repeatedly called for an independent inquiry into the safety of vaccines, Gates answered emphatically.
“Absolutely!” Gates said. “They are miracles and have done great things, and when we get new ones, we can do a lot.”
With staggering hubris, Gates even admitted that he told the president “there is no need” for an independent inquiry into the safety of vaccines because he has “looked at it” and they are “completely safe.”
“I heard when [Trump] saw pharma guys he said he was still wondering about vaccines, but he did mention to them that I’d said to him that I’d looked at it and that they were completely safe and that we shouldn’t raise any doubts about that.”
Never mind the hundreds of thousands of Americans with first-hand, often tragic, experiences involving vaccines. Never mind the fact that millions of Americans, including the president, believe an independent inquiry (that excludes any influence from Big Pharma and the compromised FDA) must be held. Never mind these facts because Bill Gates, the richest man in the world and a committed eugenicist, says vaccines are “completely safe” and we “shouldn’t raise any doubts” about that.
Shortly after Trump’s election win, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was swamped by reporters while exiting Trump Tower in New York. Trump was said to be considering an independent vaccine safety inquiry and associated commission.
At that time Kennedy Jr., told reporters that the point of the inquiry would to be “to make sure we have scientific integrity in the vaccine process for efficacy and safety effects.” Although no official announcement has been made by the Trump administration regarding the inquiry yet, public momentum has surged in favor of its creation.

Why are pro-vaccine lobbyists like Gates so afraid of an independent investigation? What do they have to hide? If everything with vaccines was as they claim it is, an independent inquiry should not be of any concern to them.
Depopulation
Perhaps it’s because in 2010, the same year the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation funded Australian scientists to release GMO mosquitoes infected with a bacterium into the world, Gates confessed he wants to depopulate the earth – a key Illuminati goal.
“The world today has 6.8 billion people; that’s headed up to about 9 billion,” Gates said during the notorious, invitation-only 2010 TED Conference. “Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.”
Now those bacterium-infected GMO mosquitoes created by Bill Gates in 2010 are wreaking havoc in the Americas – with the whole globe at risk, according to the World Health Organization – and Gates is still meeting with world leaders attempting to stop them investigating his beloved, population decreasing vaccines.
It remains to be seen if Gates had any influence over President Trump.



ARTICLE
U.S. authorities claim they have found the loophole that will allow them to ignore the First Amendment and nail Julian Assange, according to officials who claim charges are prepared to arrest the WikiLeaks founder.
A case was opened on Assange in 2010, but prosecutors struggled to find a way around the First Amendment, which afforded Assange and WikiLeaks the right to publish and the right to free speech.
However prosecutors now believe they have found a way to get around the First Amendment, arrest Assange, and put WikiLeaks out of business, after investigators found what they believe is proof that WikiLeaks played an “active role” in helping Edward Snowden, a former NSA employee, disclose a massive cache of classified documents.
If WikiLeaks played an “active role” in helping Snowden – rather than simply receiving and publishing the NSA documents – then the authorities may have a case against Assange.

CNN reports: During President Barack Obama’s administration, Attorney General Eric Holder and officials at the Justice Department determined it would be difficult to bring charges against Assange because WikiLeaks wasn’t alone in publishing documents stolen by Manning.
Several newspapers, including The New York Times, did as well. The investigation continued, but any possible charges were put on hold, according to US officials involved in the process then.
Assange remains holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London, despite the United Nation’s verdict that he is the victim of arbitrary detainment. In recent months, US officials had focused on the possibility that a new government in Ecuador would expel Assange and he could be arrested. But the left-leaning presidential candidate who won the recent election in the South American nation has promised to continue to harbor Assange.
Last week in a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, CIA Director Mike Pompeo went further than any US government official in describing a role by WikiLeaks that went beyond First Amendment activity.
He said WikiLeaks “directed Chelsea Manning to intercept specific secret information, and it overwhelmingly focuses on the United States.”
“It’s time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is: A non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia,” Pompeo said.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said at a news conference Thursday that Assange’s arrest is a “priority.”
“We are going to step up our effort and already are stepping up our efforts on all leaks,” he said. “This is a matter that’s gone beyond anything I’m aware of. We have professionals that have been in the security business of the United States for many years that are shocked by the number of leaks and some of them are quite serious. So yes, it is a priority. We’ve already begun to step up our efforts and whenever a case can be made, we will seek to put some people in jail.”
You can contribute to Julian Assange’s legal defense fund here.



ARTICLE
Barack Obama has blasted Hillary Clinton’s shoddy election campaign, describing her handling of the scandal surrounding her use of a private email server as “political malpractice.” 
Bitter Obama, who has just returned from a month-long visit to Tahiti, blames the election loss on Hillary Clinton, and is furious with her for “ruining his legacy.”
New book Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, by The Hill’s Amie Parnes and Sidewire’s Jonathan Allen, says that while Obama campaigned for Clinton in public, behind closed doors he was “extremely concerned” about her “never-ending scandals“.
“He couldn’t understand what possessed Hillary to set up the private e-mail server, and her handling of the scandal — obfuscate, deny, and evade — amounted to political malpractice,” the authors wrote.
Clinton’s ignorance and arrogance, according to Parnes and Allen, reminded Obama of some of Hillary’s “qualities” that helped him defeat her in the Democratic primary in 2008.
The book also includes an anecdote from July 2016 when Clinton and Obama traveled aboard Air Force One to their first joint campaign rally.
Obama, during the ride to Charlotte, acted as a “pep-talking coach” to an exhausted, low-energy Clinton, whose campaign was increasingly troubled by her poor health.
“It’s a four-month sprint to the end, and it will go quickly,” Obama reportedly told Clinton. “It’s hard and it’s tiring. But this is a different stage than the primary.”
The knives are out
The controversial book has hit a nerve already, as Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign staff demand to know who leaked embarrassing details about her run for office to authors Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes.
These details included Clinton’s apology to Obama on election night after her huge loss, and Clinton’s own surveillance of her staff’s emails to see who was leaking information about the campaign.
According to the New York Post’s Page Six column, one source said:
“The knives are out to find the people who spoke about the campaign to the authors of this book. Dennis has been texting prominent campaign staffers, asking who talked. He’s on a witch hunt to find out who talked to save their own skin, throwing Hillary and her campaign manager Robby Mook under the bus.”



ARTICLE
Hawaii lawmakers have urgently ordered repairs to hundreds of Cold War-era nuclear fallout shelters and have begun restocking them with medical supplies, food and water.
As tensions with North Korea escalate, Hawaii residents – some old enough to remember the last time their state was in the nuclear crosshairs – are mobilizing to protect themselves from a threatened nuclear strike.
“They haven’t been updated since 1985,” Rep. Matt LoPresti, who serves as vice chair of that committee, told Hawaii News Now. “I was 11 years old when they were last updated. Many of the buildings that are on the fallout shelter list don’t exist anymore.”
While the war drums and weapons testing in Pyongyang are playing out on the other side of the world for most Americans, for Hawaiian residents the danger is much closer to home. Honolulu is roughly 4,600 miles from the North Korean capital of Pyongyang, within range of an intercontinental nuclear ballistic missile.
Fox News reports:
A long-range missile launched from North Korea could reach Hawaii or Alaska, said Dean Cheng, senior research fellow with the Asian Studies Center at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Hawaii is possibly a more desirable target, Cheng said, since the state has 11 military bases, including Pearl Harbor, and is the headquarters for the United States Pacific Command (USPACOM) at Camp Smith.
Cheng warned that since North Korea likely has an imprecise system, missiles launched at Pearl Harbor could actually hit downtown Honolulu or other areas of Oahu.
The impact of a missile hitting the island chain would be horrific, Cheng said. Burn cases would flood the hospitals. The state would need a plan to treat people out of the urban Honolulu center, he said, particularly if Honolulu were hit directly.
While preparing the state for such an attack will take time, Cheng said the state must begin.
“This is a long-term issue that is not going to go away,” Cheng said.
Should North Korea initiate an attack, the state would have just 20 minutes to prepare, said Toby Clairmont, executive officer of the department’s Hawaii Emergency Management Agency. He told lawmakers it could take seven years, however, to prepare the state for such an emergency and ensure adequate facilities for the state’s 1.42 million residents, including its substantial homeless population, as well as millions of visitors.
Because the vast majority of Hawaii’s food supply and other goods are brought in via Jones Act-approved cargo ships to Honolulu Harbor, lawmakers also called for the state to prepare alternative sites for food and supplies to be delivered should the harbor be destroyed.
LoPresti told Hawaii News Now he’s not trying to spread fear, but he wants the public to know the government is taking steps to protect them in the worst-case scenario.
The resolution, which passed the committee unanimously, requires further House and Senate approvals.



ARTICLE
An investigation by London’s leftwing Guardian last week accidentally proved that Obama’s CIA Director John Brennan was behind a campaign of political espionage, organized with Hillary Clinton’s campaign, designed to defeat Donald Trump.
One side did collude with foreign powers to tip the election — Hillary’s.
Seeking to retain his position as CIA director under Hillary, Brennan teamed up with British spies and Estonian spies to cripple Trump’s candidacy. He used their phony intelligence as a pretext for a multi-agency investigation into Trump, which led the FBI to probe a computer server connected to Trump Tower.  This gave cover to Susan Rice, among other Hillary supporters, to spy on Trump and his people.
It was the dirtiest political campaign in living memory, and it all began with Brennan.
American Spectator reports: John Brennan’s CIA operated like a branch office of the Hillary campaign, leaking out mentions of this bogus investigation to the press in the hopes of inflicting maximum political damage on Trump. An official in the intelligence community tells TAS that Brennan’s retinue of political radicals didn’t even bother to hide their activism, decorating offices with “Hillary for president cups” and other campaign paraphernalia.
A supporter of the American Communist Party at the height of the Cold War, Brennan brought into the CIA a raft of subversives and gave them plum positions from which to gather and leak political espionage on Trump. He bastardized standards so that these left-wing activists could burrow in and take career positions. Under the patina of that phony professionalism, they could then present their politicized judgments as “non-partisan.”
The Guardian story is written in a style designed to flatter its sources (they are cast as high-minded whistleblowers), but the upshot of it is devastating for them, nonetheless, and explains why all the criminal leaks against Trump first originated in the British press. According to the story, Brennan got his anti-Trump tips primarily from British spies but also Estonian spies and others. The story confirms that the seed of the espionage into Trump was planted by Estonia. The BBC’s Paul Wood reported last year that the intelligence agency of an unnamed Baltic State had tipped Brennan off in April 2016 to a conversation purporting to show that the Kremlin was funneling cash into the Trump campaign.
Any other CIA director would have disregarded such a flaky tip, recognizing that Estonia was eager to see Trump lose (its officials had bought into Hillary’s propaganda that Trump was going to pull out of NATO and leave Baltic countries exposed to Putin). But Brennan opportunistically seized on it, as he later that summer seized on the half-baked intelligence of British spy agencies (also full of officials who wanted to see Trump lose).
The Guardian says that British spy head Robert Hannigan “passed material in summer 2016 to the CIA chief, John Brennan.” To ensure that these flaky tips leaked out, Brennan disseminated them on Capitol Hill. In August and September of 2016, he gave briefings to the “Gang of Eight” about them, which then turned up on the front page of the New York Times.
All of this took place at the very moment Brennan was auditioning for Hillary. He desperately wanted to keep his job and despised Trump for his alleged “Muslim ban,” a matter near and dear to Brennan’s heart. Not only was he an apologist for the Muslim Brotherhood, but Brennan’s Islamophilia dated to his days in college, when he spent a year in Cairo learning Arabic and taking courses in Middle Eastern studies. He later got a graduate degree with an emphasis in Middle Eastern studies. In 1996, his ties to the Islamic world tightened after he became the CIA’s station chief in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He once recalled that “during a 25-year career in government, I was privileged to serve in positions across the Middle East — as a political officer with the State Department and as a CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia. In Saudi Arabia, I saw how our Saudi partners fulfilled their duty as custodians of the two holy mosques of Mecca and Medina. I marveled at the majesty of the Hajj and the devotion of those who fulfilled their duty as Muslims by making that privilege — that pilgrimage.”
Out of this Islamophilia came a special dislike of Michael Flynn, who had planned to rip up the Obama-era “reset” with Muslim countries. Furious with Flynn for his apostasy from political correctness, Brennan and other Obama aides couldn’t resist the temptation to take him out after rifling through transcripts of his calls with the Russian ambassador. They caught him in a lie to Mike Pence and made sure the press knew about it.
Were the media not so completely in the tank for Obama and Hillary, all of this political mischief would make for a compelling 2016 version of All the President’s Men. Instead, the public gets a steady stream of Orwellian propaganda about the sudden propriety of political espionage. The headline writers at Pravda couldn’t improve on this week’s official lie, tweeted out by the Maggie Habermans: “Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong, Say Both Dem and Republican House Aides.”
Liberals pompously quote the saying — “the bigger the lie, the more it will be believed” — even as their media enshrine it. Historians will look back on 2016 and marvel at the audacity of its big lie: whispers of an imaginary Trump-Russia collusion that wafted up from the fever swamps of a real collusion between John Brennan and foreign powers seeking Trump’s defeat.



ARTICLE
A White House intelligence report justifying Trump’s decision to attack Syria with missiles in response to an alleged sarin gas attack was based on “fraudulent information,” according to a experts. 
The White House report offering proof that Assad gassed his own people has turned out to be ‘false’ and ‘fraudulent,’ and suggests the Trump administration deliberately covered up the truth bout what really happened in Syria, according to Theodore Postol, a professor of Science, Technology, and International Security at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Rawstory.com reports:
These are the characterizations of two longtime experts in war studies and missile systems, which—along with coordinated comments by Vice President Mike Pence in South Korea and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Russia that America’s “strategic patience” is ending—suggest Trump may be seeking a war of choice, even if it involves fabricated intelligence.
President George W. Bush’s White House fabricated intelligence concerning Iraq’s alleged weapons of mass destruction before his April 2003 invasion of Iraq. What seems to be unfolding at the top ranks of the Trump administration is similar to Bush’s pronouncements and evidence following the 9/11 terrorist attack.
This latest outburst of militarism began April 4, when it appears that poison gas, possibly the nerve agent sarin, killed dozens of Syrian civilians in the town of Khan Shaykhun. These deaths, among them women and children, are uncontested and documented on videos. Which poison gas was used, how it was delivered and who was behind the incident remain unanswered questions, said Phyllis Bennis, director of the New Internationalism Project at the Institute for Policy Studies, though United Nations scientists and Turkish doctors who did autopsies have pointed to sarin.
“The Syrian government may well be responsible for the attack, or others may have been involved,” she said. “But without an independent, international investigation, we simply don’t know. That means the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) [an international body with 192 member countries] must be given a full and complete and open mandate to follow all leads and report fully.”
“Similarly, we have reports from Turkey that autopsies on some of the bodies indicated the gas was sarin; reportedly OPCW and/or U.N. scientists were present,” Bennis continued. “But the reports come only from the official Turkish medical/forensic authorities. Again, without a full and thorough independent investigation, all of the unknowns remain just that.”
What’s not unknown, however, is three days after the attack, on April 7, Trump ordered a cruise missile attack on a Syrian military airfield.
“This was an act of war,” Bennis said. “Even if we already knew, even if there was a credible source finding the Syrian government was responsible, that would not give the White House and the Pentagon the right to unilaterally attack Syria without U.N. authorization, when the U.S. was not attacked, without consultations with or authorization from Congress, in violation of the War Powers Act.”
On April 11, under mounting criticism, the White House issued a four-page report squarely blaming the Syrian regime for the gas attack, saying it was delivered by a plane from the airport that was hit by U.S. missiles and accusing Russia of lying by claiming that the poison gas was in the hands of guerrilla armies fighting the regime.
“The United States is confident that the Syrian regime conducted a chemical weapons attack, using the nerve agent sarin, against its own people in the town of Khan Shaykhun in southern Idlib Province on April 4, 2017,” the report began. “Our information indicates that the chemical agent was delivered by regime Su-22 fixed-wing aircraft… Our information indicates personnel historically associated with Syria’s chemical weapons program were at Shayrat Airfield in late March making preparations for an upcoming attack in Northern Syria, and they were present at the airfield on the day of the attack.”
The report continued, “We have confidence in our assessment because we have signals intelligence and geospatial intelligence, laboratory analysis of physiological samples collected from multiple victims, as well as a significant body of credible open source reporting, that tells a clear and consistent story.”
But these assertions are not clear, consistent or convincing, said Theodore Postol, a professor of Science, Technology, and International Security at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Postol, who has received numerous awards for his work on missile systems and has worked for the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, looked at the same information sources cited by the White House and concluded in a 14-page analysis that, first of all, whatever happened in Khan Shaykhun was not the result of an air attack.
“It’s important to be clear about what I’m saying,” he told AlterNet. “I’m saying that a so-called White House intelligence report issued on April 11 is totally inconsistent with the claims it’s making. I’m not so much saying that I know what happened, because actually I don’t. What I do know is that this report was, to be blunt, fabricated without the intelligence methodologies that it claims to have used. Because I have data that I have been poring over… for example, there’s video data of this crater that they allege was the source of an air attack, an air munitions. It was not an air munition. You could see that very easily.”
“So the issue is that the White House issued a false intelligence report and the reasons [why] I don’t know,” Postol said. “But one possibility is they are trying to cover up their tracks because they didn’t know what was going on and they attacked a foreign power. And that is not good.”
Bennis agreed that the White House intelligence report doesn’t prove what it claims.
“The four-page white paper released by the White House, purporting to prove that the Syrian government was responsible for the chemical weapons attack, does not provide any of the actual evidence they claim to rely on,” she said, commenting by email. “It makes a set of assertions, describes the kind of information they have, and essentially then says ‘trust us.’ It appears to be a White House (that is, political) document, not the official position of intelligence agencies themselves. It does not provide anything close to proof, or even evidence, of the who, the what or the how of the chemical attack.”
Postol’s analysis is not the first time he has examined White House claims about poison gas use in Syria or weapons of war in Iraq. What he suspects may be happening in the Trump White House is alarming on its own terms and is different than what happened when President Obama was considering attacking the Syrian regime for a purported poison gas attack in 2013. In the case of Obama, Postol said the president was initially given bad intelligence blaming the Syrian regime and called off the attack because there was insufficient proof.
“The Obama administration had another incident like this in August of 2013,” he said. “It’s somewhat different. The president was incorrectly told that Syria was the perpetrator of the attack in Ghouta on August 21, 2013, and he was preparing to attack Syria when he was finally told, as he proceeded, that the intelligence did not solidly support that conclusion. That’s when he backed down. He didn’t back down because he didn’t have the courage to take the action.”
In contrast, it appears that President Trump is ordering military action without any intelligence confirmation beforehand, Postol said.
“The indication I now have, on April 11 the National Security Council put out a fraudulent—to be very clear—a fraudulent intelligence report, a report that could not possibly be what it claims to be,” he said. “That tells my bureaucrat’s nose that somebody in the White House wants to cover up something. And I think probably—again I don’t know—probably what I think they’re trying to cover up is that they took all these risks to the nation’s security without any intelligence to support it.”
That prospect is as alarming as it is well informed, and has serious ramifications.
“There’s something going on with our intelligence apparatus and the politics of operating it. And it’s not acceptable as far as I’m concerned,” Postol said. He added, “what needs to happen is not going to happen. What needs to happen is there has to be a full investigation of how this fraudulent report was produced. Who was involved? And who ordered it… It’s pretty clear to me at this point that an important decision was made, a decision that had potentially grave consequences for our national security without any intelligence at all. It was done, probably, for political purposes.”
The biggest risk in impulsively ordering a missile attack in Syria, he said, is “there was a risk that he [Trump] would inadvertently come into a military confrontation with Russia. He certainly caused a deep problematic reaction with Russia. And he has probably undermined our ability to defeat the Islamic State because we need Russia to defeat this entity. So it was a pretty important decision.”
Postol’s observations and reflections on a White House that is ordering military attacks without intelligence input, or issuing orders without a systematic check on its battle plans and targets (and subsequently “fabricating” intelligence reports for propagandistic media and public consumption), is eerily reminiscent of George W. Bush’s presidency. Some members of Bush’s intelligence team fabricated a case to invade Iraq based on Saddam Hussein’s purported weapons of mass destruction. Bush later said publicly that he had been misinformed about evidence that Iraq had a substantial weapons store. Journalists like James Fallows of the Atlantic have documented how Bush’s decision to launch a war of choice in Iraq came rapidly on the heels of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
What Trump and his top aides are doing now echoes Bush’s pre-war rhetoric and moves. Since the Syrian missile attack, Secretary of State Tillerson has repeatedly said, “our policy of strategic patience has ended.” Vice President Pence, speaking in South Korea on Monday, not only repeated those words, he suggested that the U.S. missile attack in Syrian was a sign of an America willing to use its military arms.
“Strategic patience has been the approach of the last American administration and beyond,” Pence said at a joint press conference with South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn, referring to North Korea’s nuclear weapons program. “Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the Armed Forces of the United States in this region.”
Less than 100 days into Trump’s presidency, the White House has failed to pass a single major piece of legislation. Instead, beyond placing a right-wing justice on the Supreme Court with the GOP-majority U.S. Senate’s help, Trump has already committed an act of war: an unauthorized attack on a foreign power. And his administration has fabricated the evidence for that attack, an intelligence report that doesn’t prove what it purports.
As Postol said, something is going on with the nation’s intelligence apparatus and the politics surrounding it, and it’s not making the world a safer place.



ARTICLE
The White House has confirmed that a US Navy fleet is now really headed to North Korea
The Pentagon said on 8 April that the Carl Vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula amid growing tensions over Pyongyang’s nuclear ambitions. President Trump even said an “armada” was being sent.
The USS Carl Vinson however, had been spotted thousands of miles away, headed in the opposite direction, but the fleet has since turned around.
According to the Korea Herald, the Vinson is now  expected to arrive at the Korean Peninsula on April 25, the same day as the 85th anniversary of the foundation of the North Korean army.
RT reports:
On Wednesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer denied that Trump misled the public about the location of the USS Carl Vinson strike force, which he said was heading to North Korea during an interview with Fox News earlier this month.

“We have submarines. Very powerful, far more powerful than the aircraft carrier, that I can tell you,” Trump told Maria Bartiromo in a pre-taped interview that aired April 12.
Several tweets from Trump at the time also signaled that rising tensions were leading to the US taking action against North Korea over the country’s nuclear program.
On April 11, Spicer confirmed that the Vinson strike force was “steaming out toward the Sea of Japan” to give the president “options in the region.”
“I think when you see a carrier group steaming into an area like that, the forward presence of that is clearly, through almost every instance, a huge deterrence. So I think it serves multiple capabilities,” Spicer said, according to the White House.
That same day, Defense Secretary James Mattis added to the confusion when he told reporters that the strike group was on its way to the Sea of Japan, but added, “There’s not a specific demand signal or specific reason why we’re sending her up there,” according to the Department of Defense website.
On April 15, the Navy posted a photograph to Flickr with a description that said the USS Carl Vinson was heading through the Sunda Strait, putting it several hundred miles south of Singapore, around 3,500 miles from the Korean Peninsula.
On Wednesday, Spicer denied that the Trump administration misled or failed to correct the reports that the Vinson strike force was en route to North Korea.
“The president said that we have an armada going toward the peninsula. That’s a fact. It happened. It is happening, rather,” Spicer said during a press briefing.
Pressed by reporters as to why the White House did not clarify the conflicting information, Spicer said that his statements were not false.
“I think we were asked very clearly about the use of a carrier group in terms of deterrence and foreign presence and what that meant. That’s what we discussed,” Spicer told reporters.
Speaking on a visit to Saudi Arabia, Mattis also denied that he had said anything misleading about the Vinson.
“We’re doing exactly what we said we were going to do,” Mattis told reporters in a video posted to the Department of Defense website.
“She will be on her way, and I’ll determine when she gets there and where she actually operates, but the Vinson is going to be part of our ensuring that we stand by our allies in the northwest Pacific,” Mattis added.
The Vinson Strike Group consists of the USS Carl Vinson, a Nimitz-class nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, two destroyers and one cruiser.
On April 9, the Navy announced that Admiral Harry Harris, the commander of US Pacific Command, ordered the strike group to forgo the previously planned port visits to Australia and return to the Western Pacific Ocean.
Reports from the Korea Herald say that the strike force is now on its way to the Korean Peninsula, citing the US Pacific Fleet Command’s Flickr account.
 



ARTICLE
Alberto Randazzo, a former New York City Police Department boss, was sentenced to 28 years in prison for sexual exploitation of children and receipt of child pornography, as the Trump administration’s investigation into the elite pedophile ring that has infiltrated politics and law enforcement nationwide continues taking down high-profile perpetrators.
Randazzo was caught targeting mothers, persuading them to sexually abuse their children and send him pictures and videos of the acts.
The federal investigation into the elite pedophile ring is moving full steam ahead and heavy hitters have been employed to lead prosecutions. Randazzo’s sentence was announced by Bridget M. Rohde, Acting United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Angel M. Melendez, Special Agent-in-Charge, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), New York, and James P. O’Neill, Commissioner, New York City Police Department (NYPD).
“Alberto Randazzo lived a double life, publicly serving as an NYPD police officer while privately engaging in conduct to exploit the most vulnerable members of the community – our children,” stated Acting United States Attorney Rohde.  “Together with our law enforcement partners we will continue to strive to protect the most vulnerable among us.”  
Special Agent-in-Charge Melendez said the days of elite pedophiles getting away with their heinous crimes because of their positions in society are officially over.
“Randazzo held a position with the sole purpose to serve and protect the people of this city. Instead, he targeted certain women, persuaded them to sexually abuse their children and had them send him pictures and videos of the acts,” said Special Agent-in-Charge Melendez.
“His behavior is no less than deplorable. It is with continued joint law enforcement efforts that we can target these types of offenders and ensure that they are punished for their heinous deeds.”
After the conviction, Police Commissioner James P. O’Neill took the opportunity to deliver a shout out to Trump’s team of elite pedophile ring busters.
“Alberto Randazzo’s exploitation of innocent children is unconscionable. I am grateful to our detectives in Internal Affairs, Homeland Security, and the U.S. Attorney’s Office in the Eastern District of New York for their work in bringing Randazzo to justice for these horrific crimes,” said O’Neill.
According to the Department of Justice: On July 12, 2016, the defendant pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to sexually exploit a child and one count of receipt of child pornography.  According to court filings, from as early as 2010 through 2013, Randazzo targeted women through websites such as Ashley Madison and Match.com and persuaded them to sexually abuse children to whom they had access, so he could watch the abuse.
Randazzo was caught in February 2013, when a witness found disturbing text messages on Randazzo’s phone and uncovered emails from women sending Randazzo pictures of them molesting their children.  When the witness confronted him, Randazzo admitted his sexual interest in mothers having sex with their children.
[First Democrat Official Tied To Elite Pedophile Ring Pleads Guilty]
At sentencing the government presented evidence that at least five women complied with Randazzo’s solicitations and sexually abused children in order to satisfy his sexual desires.  Randazzo’s victims ranged in age from a few months to eight years old, and he traveled out of state to watch two of them be molested in person.  Randazzo arranged to have the eight-year-old victim drugged so that he would not remember the abuse.
Three of the women Randazzo solicited have also been charged in the Eastern District of New York. Two have pleaded guilty, one of whom was sentenced to five years imprisonment, one of whom is awaiting sentencing, and another is awaiting trial.



ARTICLE
The State Department is being sued over claims that it illegally gave taxpayer money to billionaire George Soros who used it to influence regime change in foreign countries.
Conservative watchdog Judicial Watch has filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the State Department and the US Agency for International Development (USAID) in order to obtain records of US government dealings with Soros’ various nonprofits in Macedonia.
Judicial Watch say they are seeking “records and communications relating to the funding and political activities” of the Open Society Foundation and its affiliates in Macedonia.
“The Obama administration seemed to bust taxpayer budgets in an effort to fund the Soros operation,” Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, said. “The Trump State Department and USAID should get their act together and disclose the details of the Obama-Soros spigot.”
Rt.com reports:

Judicial Watch filed the lawsuit after the State Department and USAID failed to respond to the organization’s FOIA request for the documents, which was submitted on February 16.
The group, which is best known for successfully hounding the Obama administration into publishing Hillary Clinton’s work-related emails from her tenure at the State Department, has pressed the new administration to reveal details about its predecessor’s taxpayer-funded “democracy promotion” efforts in Macedonia.
Between February 2012 and August 2016, the US government handed over $4,819,125 to the Soros-run Open Society Foundation – Macedonia (FOSM) and four local affiliates, through a USAID program called the Civil Society Project.
The program was then extended through 2021 and its funding increased to $9.5 million, according to Judicial Watch’s senior investigator William F. Marshall.
Macedonia, a former republic of Yugoslavia which declared independence in 1992, has received US aid ever since. In 2012, the aid became “very ideological” thanks to “Barack Obama and his ambassadorial minion, Jess Baily,” Marshall argued in a recent article published by American Thinker.
“The FOSM-affiliated sub-entities receiving US tax dollars through USAID’s Civil Society Project are also closely tied to the main opposition political party in Macedonia, the country’s former Communists, now called SDSM,” Marshall wrote. “They have innocuous-sounding names, like Youth Educational Forum, Center for Civic Communication, and Reactor-Research in Action.”
Though it came second in December’s general election, SDSM has proposed a minority coalition government with the country’s restive Albanian minority. As a condition of their participation in the government, Albanians are insisting on a seven-point platform – co-written by governments in Albania and Kosovo – that includes a demand to make Albanian an official language in Macedonia.
Claims by the government in Skopje that the US was meddling in the country’s politics by funding the opposition parties have led some lawmakers to question the Civil Society Project.

In January, Senator Mike Lee (R-Utah) sent a letter to ambassador Baily, asking him to explain the State Department’s relationship with FOSM. In February, several congressmen requested an audit of the State Department and USAID activities in Macedonia.
Last month, six Republican senators sent an open letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, urging him to review the State Department’s practice of channeling taxpayer funds to organizations that promote “left-leaning parties” and the “progressive agenda” in foreign countries, citing Albania and Macedonia as the two most recent examples but noting that they had received complaints from South America and Africa as well.
The Trump administration should “review how our tax dollars are being utilized in order to halt activities that are fomenting political unrest, disrespecting national sovereignty and civil society, and ultimately undermining our attempts to build beneficial international relationships,” the letter said.



ARTICLE
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has warned that a biological attack by ISIS is becoming “increasingly likely” which he says will end up killing 30 million people within the next few years. 
The billionaire anthropologist told attendees at the Royal United Services Institute in London (RUSI), that a lethal outbreak of a respiratory virus like smallpox poses a far greater danger than a nuclear attack.
Telegraph.co.uk reports:
Mr Gates, whose charitable foundation funds research into quickly spotting outbreaks, said it was more important than ever to help foreign countries monitor diseases to prevent a global tragedy.
“Bioterrorism is a much larger risk than a pandemic,” he said.
“All these advances in biology have made it far easier for a terrorist to recreate smallpox, which is a highly fatal pathogen, where there is essentially no immunity remaining at this point.
“When you are thinking about things that could cause in excess of 10 million deaths, even something tragic like a nuclear weapons incident wouldn’t get to that level. So the greatest risk is from a natural epidemic or an intentionally caused infection bioterrorism events.
“Whether the next epidemic is unleashed by a quirk of nature or the hand of terrorist, scientists say a fast-moving airborne pathogen could kill more than 30 million people in less than a year. So the world does need to think about this.”
Last year the Nuffield Council of Bioethics warned that ‘garage scientists’ could unleash dangerous genetically modified organismsinto the environment using unregulated technology which is already available online.
Chemistry kits which allow genetic editing can already be bought online for under £100.
Scientists are concerned that a new technique, called Crispr, is now so cheap and widely available that amateurs will start experimenting at home, or in school labs.
The technique works like genetic scissors to cut away DNA code and replace it with new genes. It has been hailed as one the most significant scientific breakthroughs in recent years, but there are fears that in the wrong hands, the procedure could unleash dangerous strains of bacteria or other organisms. Kits to make E.coli resistant to antibiotics are already for sale on the internet.
Mr Gates said that today’s widespread global travel mean that a future pandemic could be even more deadly than the Spanish Flu outbreak in 1919 which killed up to 100 million people.
“We will have epidemics in the next 20 years far worse than the ebola epidemic, or the Zika epidemic and there is some chance it would be a form of flu,” he said.
“Something that is human-to-human respiratory that is like a measles or a flu or smallpox, that you need just one person on the bus or plane or the airport and you get huge things. A health crisis somewhere is a health crisis everywhere.
“So the scariest thing is something like the 1919 flu which really spreads everywhere and because people are moving around more it’s easier for it to spread than back in 1919. If 1919 came back we have no immunity to that strain.”
Mr Gates urged Theresa May to maintain the 0.7 per cent GDP foreign aid pledge.
“The UK’s foreign aid investments are, in fact, long term investments in the health and security of British citizens here at home,” he added.
“A disease is more likely to become an epidemic when countries are unstable and have no functioning health system. We can’t build a wall to hold back the next global epidemic.”



ARTICLE
For the second time this week, Russian bombers have been deployed to the American border, as fears about World War 3 continue to mount. 
On Tuesday night, two Russian longe-range bombers were spotted off the coast of Alaska, coming within 36 miles of the mainland, according to U.S. officials.
The incident comes one day after two nuclear-capable Tu-95 “Bear” bombers  flew within 100-miles of the Alaskan border on Monday night.
Msn.com reports:
The two nuclear-capable Tu-95H bombers were spotted by U.S. military radar at 5 p.m. local time.
Unlike a similar incident Monday night, this time the U.S. Air Force did not scramble any fighter jets.
Instead, it launched a single E-3 Sentry early warning aircraft, known as AWACS, to make sure there were only the two Russian bombers flying near Alaska, and not other aircraft flying underneath the large bombers.
U.S. territorial waters extend 12 nautical miles from shore.
Two Russian bombers flew within 100 miles of Alaska on Monday night.
The Russian bombers took off from an airbase in Petropavlovsk, Russia and returned five hours later to an airbase in Anadyr. Both locations are in eastern Russia, some 1,000 miles away.
Last week in Moscow, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said U.S.-Russian relations were at a “low point” during a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
While Tillerson was in Moscow, a trio of Russian bombers flew near the east coast of Japan, forcing the Japanese military to scramble 14 fighter jets at various times to intercept the bombers. A Russian spy plane traversed Japan’s west coast.
Before Monday’s flight near Alaska, the last time Russian bombers flew near the U.S. was July 4, 2015, when a pair of Russian bombers flew off the coasts of Alaska and California, coming as close as 40 miles to Mendocino, Calif.
Russian President Vladimir Putin called then-President Barack Obama to wish him a happy Independence Day while the bombers cruised the California coastline.
In February, a Russian spy ship sailed up and down the East Coast of the U.S. while remaining in international waters.



ARTICLE
The CIA and FBI have launched a manhunt to track down the whistleblower who released secrets about how the agency’s routinely hack smartphones and smart TV’s to WikiLeaks.
According to government officials, a traitor is suspected to be actively employed at the Central Intelligence Agency – and they are keen to find out who this person is. 
CBS News reports:
Sources familiar with the investigation say it is looking for an insider — either a CIA employee or contractor — who had physical access to the material.
The agency has not said publicly when the material was taken or how it was stolen.
Much of the material was classified and stored in a highly secure section of the intelligence agency, but sources say hundreds of people would have had access to the material. Investigators are going through those names.
The trove was published in March by the anti-secrecy organization WikiLeaks.
In his first public comments as director of the CIA just last week, Mike Pompeo railed against WikiLeaks and its founder Julian Assange.
“It is time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is: A non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia,” he said.
WikiLeaks has said it obtained the CIA information from former contractors who worked for U.S. intelligence.
The CIA has not commented on the authenticity of the WikiLeaks disclosures or on the status of the investigation.



ARTICLE
According to a new poll published on Tuesday, US Senator Bernie Sanders is currently the most popular politician in America. 
The Harvard-Harris survey shows that the former presidential candidate is the only viable contender capable of uniting the Democratic Party following Hillary’s loss last year.
Presstv.com reports:
In fact, the senator from the state of Vermont was the only politician who scored the majority vote out of 16 officials within the administration of President Donald Trump as well as congressional leaders.
On the bottom of the list was Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon. While the hardliner nationalist, who was recently removed from a key committee at the National Security Council, was favored by 16 percent of voters, nearly 45 percent of the respondents thought the opposite.
According to the poll, Sanders was viewed favorably by 80 percent of registered Democrats.
Sanders is an independent but caucuses with the Democratic Party and is counted as a Democrat for purposes of committee assignments. He ran against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination in last year’s presidential vote.
“In losing to Hillary, Bernie Sanders has floated above today’s partisan politics while Bannon has, rightly or wrongly, taken the blame for the administration’s failures,” Harvard-Harris co-director Mark Penn said.
“Sanders is an asset to the Democrats while Bannon is a liability to the administration,” he added.
The poll’s findings show that Sanders’ supporters might still have a chance to see him run in 2020, a possibility the 75-year-old senator has not ruled out.
Speculations about Sanders’ plans for 2020 gained momentum earlier this month, when he predicted that Trump would be a one-term president.
He made the comments days before beginning his country-wide tour with Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez, which aims at winning back support for the Democratic Party in states where Republicans were dominant.
Democrats are still recovering from a disastrous 2016 political campaign, which saw them lose the White House and both houses of Congress to Republicans.



ARTICLE
The US Defense Department is preparing to conduct missile tests as tensions with North Korea remain high.
The tests are aimed at assessing the country’s ability to shoot down incoming missiles from North Korea.
According to Pentagon officials, the tests which are part of the US military’s overall program to develop better missile shields, will be carried out in the Pacific Ocean next month.
Press TV reports:
According to one official, the US Navy plans to test-fire an improved version of its Standard Missile off a warship during the drill. The missile has only been tested once, the officials said.
With an improved warhead and an upgraded booster, the missile is expected to have a longer range and more chance of targeting missiles mid-air.
The Standard Missile system has been jointly developed by Japan and is aimed at intercepting intermediate-range ballistic missiles. The missile is also said to be capable of targeting satellites in Earth’s lower orbit.
The US military is also planning a separate test in the Pacific region at the end of May, involving long-range ground-based interceptor missiles based in Alaska and California. Despite being in development for over a decade, the Pentagon says only half of the tests have been successful.
Last month, a senior US commander warned Congress’ Joint Armed Services Committee that Alaska can be a possible target for North Korea’s missiles.
The news of the tests comes amid growing tensions between the US and North Korea. Washington has warned Pyongyang of a military confrontation if it does not stop its development of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
On Wednesday, US Vice President Mike Pence threatened North Korea with an “overwhelming” response to any use of conventional or nuclear weapons.
“Those who would challenge our resolve or readiness should know, we will defeat any attack and beat any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective American response,” Pence told 2,500 sailors aboard the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier at the US Yokosuka naval base in Tokyo Bay.



ARTICLE
Two investigators working for the Congressional committee headed by Trey Gowdy (R-SC) have gone missing in the Little Rock, Arkansas area.
According to phone records, the two men were in Little Rock with congressional subpoenas and instructions to search the private residence attached to the William Jefferson Clinton Presidential Library.
The two investigators, whose identities will remain classified until it can be confirmed that foul play was involved, were employees of the federal government under private contract to investigate the Clintons. The specifics of what they were looking for is also classified.
Their vehicle, a blue Ford Escape, was found in a rest area just outside of town with the keys in the ignition, according to sources.
Jeff Session’s Department of Justice assigned special investigators to the case in order to keep it out of the hands of the FBI, which he believes may have become compromised.
In March, Trey Gowdy fought back tears in Congress as he put the elite pedophile ring on notice, warning that anyone who dares interfere with his child exploitation investigation will be forced to publicly explain why they are obstructing it.
Gowdy delivered an emotionally charged speech on the first day back at Congress, discussing child sex abuse cases and the mental images that have been scarred on his brain after seeing material related to the investigation into the pedophile rings that have infiltrated Washington D.C.
Addressing a detective charged with heading the investigation, Gowdy said: “I want you to give me a list of the providers that are giving you a hard time. We are going to have another [hearing] here. We are going to have them come and publicly explain why they are having a hard time complying with law enforcement in child exploitation and child abuse cases.”
“My guess is that will be a very tough public explanation for them. So, give me the names and the providers that you are having a hard time dealing with. And I may not be able to make them stop doing it, but I can make them come and explain why they are doing it.”
“And my guess is they won’t want to do that.”




ARTICLE
Voting machines were reported stolen just one day before Georgia’s special congressional election, leading to claims that Democrats attempted to rig the election – and senior Republicans in the state are fuming.
Democrats upped the stakes in Georgia by casting the race as a referendum on President Trump and his administration’s policies, with the party hoping to turn the reliably red Georgia district blue this year.
The voting machines were stolen last Saturday evening from a Cobb County precinct manager’s vehicle, WSB-TV said Monday. However the theft was not reported for two days, leading to suspicions the high stakes election is being rigged.
“It is unacceptable that the Cobb County Elections Office waited two days to notify my office of this theft,” Georgia’s Republican Secretary of State Brian Kemp said in a statement.
“We have opened an investigation, and we are taking steps to ensure that it has no effect on the election tomorrow. I am confident that the results will not be compromised.”
The Hill reports: WSB-TV said the four so-called ExpressPoll machines taken are computers poll workers use for checking in voters and checking off those who cast ballots.
Cobb County Elections Director Janine Eveler said information on the machines is “hard to access,” adding that they cannot be used to fraudulently vote in Tuesday’s election.
Eveler said Cobb County will replace the devices at its Piedmont Road precinct before voters cast their ballots.
Jon Ossoff is the clear Democratic favorite in Georgia, with some experts believing Tuesday is his best chance at winning should voters fail to coalesce around one Republican in a crowded field.
Breitbart reports: A slew of Hollywood’s most liberal and politically-engaged stars have donated money and their elevated media reach to help elect Jon Ossoff, a Democratic candidate in Georgia’s Sixth District special election, in what has become something of a symbolic show of resistance to Donald Trump’s presidency.
The extensive celebrity presence in this relatively small congressional contest appears to underscore just how much Hollywood wants to win against a president that handed them a crushing blow in November.
Actor Samuel L. Jackson — who previously said he’d leave the country if Trump were elected president — cut a 45-second radio ad endorsing Ossoff, urging Georgia voters to “stop Donald Trump, a man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism.”

On Monday, fierce Trump critic and talk show host Chelsea Handler tweeted, “For everyone in Georgia’s 6th district, tomorrow is a big day. Pls get out and #VoteYourOssoff. Let’s send a message tomorrow.”

Apart from their extended reach on social media, Hollywood liberals have opened their wallets to Ossoff, a 30-year-old filmmaker-turned-politician.
Actresses Jane Fonda and Kyra Sedgwick and longtime Law and Order star Sam Waterston have all contributed to Ossoff’s campaign, according to Politico. The candidate has reportedly amassed a hefty $8.3 million from nearly 200,000 donors, with more than 95 percent of those contributions coming from out of state.
Other left-wing stars, like actors Alyssa Milano and Christopher Gorham, have personally driven people to early voting sites for Ossoff.

All of which raises the question, exactly how desperate are these Democrats? Desperate enough to steal voting machines? Desperate enough to rig the election?



ARTICLE
A top army General has been arrested on charges of child rape as part of an elite pedophile ring investigation in the U.S. 
Former Vice President of DynCorp, Maj. Gen. James Grazioplene, has been charged with multiple counts of child rape which occurred between 1983 and 1989.
His arrest represents the latest in a series of high-level pedophile ring busts by investigators tasked with ending human trafficking and child abuse by the elites in America.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Details surrounding the case remain scarce, as the Army released no other information as to what precipitated Grazioplene being charged three decades after the alleged sexual assault.
According to the NY Daily News:
Grazioplene, from Virginia, graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, N.Y. and entered the Army in 1972 as an armor officer.
Before retiring in 2005, he worked as the the director of force development in the Pentagon’s Joint Warfighting Capabilities Assessment.
Grazioplene’s LinkedIn page says that after leaving the military he has worked with the military contractors DynCorp International and Mission Readiness LLC.
While potentially just a coincidence, Grazioplene’s connections with DynCorp immediately raise a red flag, as the company has been embroiled in numerous high-level scandals involving the exploitation and trafficking of children for sex — dating as far back as the Bosnia conflict during Bill Clinton’s tenure as US President.
Revealing the extreme level of complicity, by DynCorp, in the illegal exploitation of children, former employee, Ben Johnston filed a RICO lawsuit against Dyncorp after he was allegedly fired for reporting human rights abuses by other employees during the Bosnian conflict.
In a 2002 report titled “Dyncorp Disgrace,” Johnston was quoted:
“…None of the girls… were from Bosnia… They were imported in by DynCorp and the Serbian mafia. These guys would say ‘I gotta go to Serbia this weekend topick up three girls.’… “DynCorp leadership was 100 percent in bed with the mafia over there.”
A report by Salon further detailed the systematic abuse Johnson alleged to have witnessed:
“Johnston recoiled in horror when he heard one of his fellow helicopter mechanics at a U.S. Army base near Tuzla, Bosnia, brag one day in early 2000: “My girl’s not a day over 12….… the bragging about a 12-year-old sex slave pushed Johnston over the edge. “I had to do something,” he says. “There were kids involved.” …. At least 13 DynCorp employees have been sent home from Bosnia … for purchasing women or participating in other prostitution-related activities. But despite large amounts of evidence in some cases, none of the DynCorp employees sent home have faced criminal prosecution.”
Denoting widespread knowledge of the sexual exploitation of children engaged in by DynCorp within the halls of government, Georgia Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney, during a hearing on the proposed 2006 Department of Defense Budget, asked at then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld:
“Mr. Secretary, is it policy of the U.S. government to reward companies that traffic in women and little girls? That’s my first question.”
Since that time, it appears DynCorp, while still enjoying the lucrative privilege of doing business with the US government at the taxpayers’ expense, has failed to reform itself or regulate the sexual exploits of its employees with children, according to numerous emails, released by WikiLeaks, between Cheryl Mills and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
An email from Mills, to Clinton, warns of a potential Washington Post article, which would describe an event where DynCorp employees hired a 15-year-old boy to do “mock lap dances” that involved “DynCorp employees putting dollar bills in the boy’s waistband, just as a stripper would a stripper’s garter.”
Additional WikiLeaks cables described the event as “purchasing a service from a child,” while denoting specific strategies to convince journalists not to cover the story – disingenuously claiming that it would “risk lives.”
Although the email between Mills and Hillary claims, “no sex took place,” the tradition of bachabaze in Afghanistan often involves rape, and young boys being “sold to the highest bidder.”
“The most disturbing thing is what happens after the parties. Often the boys are taken to hotels and sexually abused…There are many people who support this tradition across Afghanistan and many of them are very influential,” according to a BBC report.
In spite of all these nefarious activities, DynCorp continues to be rewarded with US government contracts. In December of 2016, the US Navy signed a $94 million contract with DynCorp to “facilitate humanitarian aid, civic assistance, minor military construction and contingency programs to support exercises and other initiatives…”
This brings us back to the question asked of Rumsfeld by former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney:
“Why do these companies continue to receive government contracts?”
Please share this story to help expose this sickening corruption – as no company that allows the willful exploitation of children should EVER be awarded a contract by the US government!




ARTICLE
A group of U.S. students have demanded that the President abolish ‘facts’ and ‘truth’ from the syllabus due to the fact that they are inherently ‘racist’. 
Students at the Claremont McKenna Colleges have issued a strongly worded letter, warning that objective truth is merely a social construct, invented by racists to “attempt to silence oppressed peoples.”
Breitbart.com reports:
The letter came in response to Pomona College President David Oxtoby’s affirmation of commitment to free speech and intellectual diversity following the chaos that ensued during a lecture featuring Manhattan Institute scholar Heather MacDonald. Student protesters derailed her lecture on the rise of anti-police attitudes by banging on windows and shouting, “F*ck the police,” and “Black Lives Matter.” Campus security ultimately forced MacDonald to livestream her lecture from a near-empty room across campus.
“Protest has a legitimate and celebrated place on college campuses,” Oxtoby wrote, offering a condemnation of the conduct of the students who disrupted the event. “What we cannot support is the act of preventing others from engaging with an invited speaker. Our mission is founded upon the discovery of truth, the collaborative development of knowledge and the betterment of society.”
Students at Pomona College, one of the schools in the consortium of Claremont McKenna Colleges, took issue with Oxtoby’s statement and drafted a letter in response that was signed by students at the other colleges as well.
“Free speech, a right many freedom movements have fought for, has recently become a tool appropriated by hegemonic institutions. It has not just empowered students from marginalized backgrounds to voice their qualms and criticize aspects of the institution, but it has given those who seek to perpetuate systems of domination a platform to project their bigotry,” the students wrote.
“Thus, if ‘our mission is founded upon the discovery of truth,’” the students continued, “how does free speech uphold that value?”
Immediately dismissing the possibility that listening to MacDonald’s lecture could widen their perspective, the students went on to explain how objective truth is a concept devised by “white supremacists” in an “attempt to silence oppressed peoples.”
Historically, white supremacy has venerated the idea of objectivity, and wielded a dichotomy of ‘subjectivity vs. objectivity’ as a means of silencing oppressed peoples. The idea that there is a single truth–’the Truth’–is a construct of the Euro-West that is deeply rooted in the Enlightenment, which was a movement that also described Black and Brown people as both subhuman and impervious to pain. This construction is a myth and white supremacy, imperialism, colonization, capitalism, and the United States of America are all of its progeny. The idea that the truth is an entity for which we must search, in matters that endanger our abilities to exist in open spaces, is an attempt to silence oppressed peoples.
The students go on to claim that Heather MacDonald is “ignorant of interlocking systems of domination that produce the lethal conditions under which oppressed peoples are forced to live,” which is an explicit reference to the concept of intersectionality, an increasingly popular theory of oppression which conservative columnist Andrew Sullivan recently called a “religion.”



ARTICLE
Police in Texas have warned parents that teaching children conspiracy theories could result in them having their kids taken away by Child Protective Services. 
In a startling claim by police in Williamson County, parents could be deemed “unsuitable” if they dare teach their offspring that the “government is out to harm them.”
According to leaked files by Child Protective Services, an Austin-based couple were told that their children would be taken from them due to their subversive anti-government views.
Blacklistednews.com reports:
The allegation was made against drug reform activist filmmakers Barry and Candi Cooper, whose home was recently raided and searched after the Williamson County Sheriff’s Department claimed Barry’s voice was heard in the background audio of an allegedly false police report.
Once in the couple’s home, officers discovered a small amount of marijuana and charged the Coopers with Class B misdemeanors, resulting in both their arrests. Each immediately bonded out of jail and paid a small fine. Days later, while Candi’s youngest son was visiting his father in east Texas, Child Protective Services contacted the Coopers, revealing that the incident could cost them not only custody of the boy, but also their freedom on felony child endangerment charges.
After CPS interviewed the couple, Travis County Deputy District Attorney Dayna Blazey pronounced both Coopers to be fit parents, whose children are healthy, happy and “well cared for.”
“[There] is nothing to indicate that the kids are at risk,” she wrote.
A message requesting the deputy DA’s comment on this story went unanswered at time of publication.
Her conclusion, which falls at the end of documents published below, is almost odd following the numerous pages of text entered by police, who seemingly describe an alternate reality.
Among their claims — that Barry and Candi regularly give illicit drugs to their children, that they allow and encourage other kids to use drugs in their home, that they’ve mentally abused their children by telling them that marijuana is good and anti-drug efforts are riddled with lies — the most extreme is that the Coopers are “unsuitable” parents because they create an environment in which the children learn their “government is out to harm them.”
The allegation is found atop page five of the CPS report.
In another completely dumbfounding, ironic entry, Sgt. Gary Haston of the Williamson County Sheriff’s Department — the officer whose testimony appears on the original search warrant affidavit — actually claims he observed the children “crying for no reason” as armed officers invaded their home. [Emphasis added.]
He also claims that Barry “hates” his father and does not believe in church, as though this information would somehow be relevant to the CPS agents.
Haston, who Cooper described as Williamson County’s “head of narcotics,” has an extensive history with drug interdiction as a police officer. He was even the 2008-2009 vice president for the Texas Narcotic Officers Association Central Region, according to a memo circulated by the association. It was his testimony that gave officers access to the Coopers’ residence and files for the alleged misdemeanor offense of filing a false police report.
A request for comment left with the Williamson County Sheriff’s Department went unanswered at time of publication.
“In my 19 years of experience with criminal defense matters, a search warrant for a misdemeanor charge is certainly unusual,” wrote Minnesota attorney Maury D. Beaulier, who had no prior knowledge of the Coopers’ case. “It indicates to me that this is a targeted investigation. It may be targeted because it is believed to be a part of a greater crime or conspiracy, or, perhaps, because there are political motivations at work.”
While searching through the Coopers’ private data, police discovered a photograph of a minor in the shower, nude from the bust up. The image was a risque self-portrait shot by one of the adolescent children, who later took sole responsibility for the photo. Both parents claimed they knew nothing about it before the issue was raised to them by authorities. Ultimately, the photo held no bearing on their case and the minor was warned to be cautious with digital imaging equipment. Because of the individual’s age, all identifying information has been removed from the documents published below.
In a court hearing Tuesday, the Coopers were unsuccessful in re-obtaining custody of Zachary, Candi’s seven-year-old who is currently under the care of his father in Upshur County, Texas. The court did not issue a ruling, as matters of geographic limitations have yet to be addressed. Barry and Candi are seeking to have the custody battle in Travis County, but it’s still a matter of dispute. Lawyers for the Coopers and Zachary Johnston’s father brokered limited visitation rights for Candi, but Barry is required to stay away from the boy for the time being.
Because of the nature of Texas’ drug laws and their status as nationally-known political activists, the Coopers are facing the very real possibility of losing Zach entirely, with future contact only allowed in the context of supervised visitation.
“I just don’t know what I’ll do if we lose Zach,” Barry said. “That would be the most horrible thing to ever happen to me in my entire life.”



ARTICLE
President Trump has deployed thousands of US Marines to Australia in readiness for a showdown with North Korea. 
The first of 1,250 marines touched down in Darwin on Tuesday, as part of a six-month deployment where soldiers will conduct military exercises with Australian and Chinese forces in the region.
The deployment represents the largest US aircraft contingent to Australia in peacetime history – with experts warning that the military presence signals a strong likelihood of war with North Korea.
Rt.com reports:
The US Marines’ arrival comes as Australia’s Foreign Minister Julie Bishop voiced mounting concerns over North Korea’s nuclear activities. Pyongyang is striving for nuclear weapons and “has a clear ambition to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear payload as far as the US,” Bishop said according to the ABC.
“That would mean Australia would be in reach so unless it is prevented from doing so, it will be a serious threat to the peace and stability of our region, and that is unacceptable,” she added.
North Korea launched a failed missile test on Sunday, while also warning Washington against taking military action against it. Pyongyang’s military pledged to “ruthlessly ravage” the US if the American aircraft carrier group ‘USS Carl Vinson’, currently on its way to the region, takes aggressive action. In Darwin, Marine commander Lieutenant-Colonel Brian Middleton said the 13 aircraft, including tilt-rotor Ospreys, Super Cobra helicopters and Huey helicopters, triple the number of aircraft in past deployments, signaling a “tangible kind of sign of our commitment to the region and to this partnership.”
“Regardless, I think it is just a good move anytime we can strengthen the long-standing partnership and alliance between our two countries. We stand ready to fight and win the night always,” he noted, as cited by Reuters. “I think that the commitment that we’ve taken to put a task force here with a conversation to get larger over the years says that we do think this is an important region.”
China’s Foreign Minister warned last week that an armed conflict with North Korea may break out “at any moment,” urging Washington and Pyongyang to tone down their hawkish rhetoric and realize the price to pay for both sides if a new Korean War were to start.
The warning came amid US military drills near the Korean Peninsula and the deployment of the American THAAD anti-missile system to South Korea. While US President Donald Trump is threatening to “take care” of the North Korean “problem,” Pyongyang says it is ready to repel any military action.
China, North Korea’s close ally and main trading partner, does not welcome Pyongyang’s nuclear program, but advocates finding a political solution to the crisis. Russia, which also shares a land border with the reclusive state, expressed deep concern over the mounting tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
US ‘runs out of patience’
US Vice President Mike Pence recently announced the “end of strategic patience” towards Pyongyang, adding that “all options are on the table.”
On Thursday, US intelligence officials told NBC that the US has sent two destroyers capable of launching Tomahawk cruise missiles in the region, with one just 300 miles (some 480km) from the North Korean nuclear test site. American long-range bombers have also been positioned in Guam to hit North Korean targets.
North Korea warned on Tuesday it would retaliate “if the US dares opt for a military action” or any other type of aggression with all means available.
The North Korean General Staff said in a statement carried by the country’s KCNA news agency that US deployment of “huge nuclear strategic assets” to the Korean Peninsula is pushing the region to “a dangerous situation in which a thermo-nuclear war may break out any moment.”
On Monday, the country’s envoy to the UN echoed that statement, also warning of a nuclear war that may follow America’s military buildup. He stressed that Pyongyang will not back down to Washington’s threats and continue its missile tests whenever its suits the country since they represent part of a defensive strategy.



ARTICLE
U.S. officials have confirmed that two Russian bombers were intercepted on Monday evening, as they flew “dangerously close” to the American border. 
According to Fox News, two Russian nuclear-capable bombers flew 100-miles outside of the Alaskan border, shortly before being intercepted by US jets.
Fox News reports::
A pair of Russian nuclear-capable bombers flew near Alaska Monday night, two U.S. officials told Fox News, coming as close as 100 miles from Kodiak Island — the first time since President Trump took office that Moscow has sent bombers so close to the U.S.
The two Russian Tu-95 “Bear” bombers flew roughly 280 miles southwest of Elmendorf Air Force Base, within the Air Defense Identification Zone of the United States.
The U.S. Air Force scrambled two F-22 stealth fighter jets and an E-3 airborne early warning plane to intercept the Russian bombers.
The American jets flew alongside the Russian bombers for 12 minutes, before the Russian bombers reversed course and headed back to their base in eastern Russia.
Last week in Moscow, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said U.S.-Russian relations were at a “low point” while sitting next to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
While Tillerson was in Moscow, three Russian bombers flew near the east coast of Japan, forcing the Japanese military to scramble 14 fighter jets at various times to intercept the bombers. A Russian spy plane also flew along Japan’s west coast.
The last time Russian bombers flew near the U.S. was July 4, 2015, when a pair of Russian bombers flew off the coasts of Alaska and California, coming as close as 40 miles to Mendocino, Calif.
Russian President Vladimir Putin called then-President Barack Obama to wish him a happy Independence Day while the bombers cruised the California coastline.



ARTICLE
Former presidential candidate Ron Paul claims that the Trump administration has become utterly infiltrated and overrun by the neocons.
In an in-depth discussion last week on the RT show SophieCo, Ron Paul expressed concern at how the neoconservatives appear to be influencing and directing Trump towards a conflict with Russia.
In the interview, the former Congressman explains to Sophie Shevardnadze that throughout history, the seeking of war profiteering, such as for the military-industrial complex, plays a significant role in promoting war or promoting “a sense of war and conflict to make an excuse to build more and more weapons.”

Transcript of the full interview below:
Sophie Shevardnadze: I am joined by a veteran American politician, three-time presidential hopeful, Dr. Ron Paul, welcome to the program, great to have you back with us once again. So, The decision to strike the Syrian airbase was sudden, with the administration stating previously it wants to stay out of the civil war. Does Donald Trump really have a foreign policy strategy he’s sticking to? Or is he acting on a whim?
Ron Paul: I think it’s changing all the time. We’ve been trying to figure it out, we’re very interested in it,  and he talked a lot about foreign policy and libertarian group that I represent tended to agree, we were pleased that he wanted to have a better relationship with Russia and we were a bit disappointed when all of a sudden it changed and, as a matter of fact, we’ve been scratching our heads right now, trying to figure out exactly what has precipitated this change, because, obviously, it is different, and it’s significant and we don’t know exactly what that means but, hopefully, we can still have better relationships with Russia as he intended during the campaign.
SS: What happened, though? Do you think Trump was pressured to act by more hawkish voices in the establishment or was it a personal decision? Is Trump making these dangerous decisions on his own?
RP:Well, see, I don’t think anybody has this figured out, because it’s back and forth, it changes a whole lot. I don’t think he comes from a firm set of principles – neocons, we know exactly where they’re coming from and what they want, they’re in a way predictable. The libertarians, like myself, we’re very predictable, because we think the least military confrontation, the better, we want to deal with the world and trade with everybody we can, and be open – but I don’t think Trump adheres to that. I think he even admits that he doesn’t have a rigid policy, but, still, it doesn’t explain the sudden shift, you know, because he had some people in his administration that were sympathetic to his views,  that they would be more open and friendly with Russia, and all of a sudden it changed, but, then again, there are few in his administration who hold exactly the opposite view.  There were some neocons appointed to the administration, and their position, unfortunately, is being heard, and I think that the neoconservatives got a great deal of influence in the administration, so we don’t know exactly what will come out of this, but those of us who would like to see non-confrontation, we’re a bit concerned about it.
SS: Rex Tillerson paid a visit to Moscow, representing the Western stance on Syria – but can that message even be united and clear, if Tillerson himself changes his mind week to week?
RP: I think that is true, and we wonder who actually has the greatest amount of influence. I know these organisations that represent certain viewpoints and are frequently mentioned in those groups that might have influence on our foreign policy, and they represent our military-industrial complex, and unfortunately, history has shown that people take advantage of conflicts and wars, because there’s war profiteering – sometimes it’s not intended to create war, but just a sense of war and conflict to make an excuse to build more and more weapons, and that may have a big influence, because the industries are represented in governments, but this is something that has been known throughout history, that there’s an incentive to have antagonism because it serves interests of special groups.
SS: As you’re saying, the motivation behind the attack is propping up the military industrial complex – what’s firing 59 missiles going to do for the U.S. defence industry? Do you think a bigger attack is being planned now?
RP: When you shoot off 50 Tomahawks they have to be replaced and maybe more, and they’re going to cost more than ones that you’ve just recently shot, and that was, to me, a demonstration of a changed attitude – not so much to kill a lot of people, I don’t think it was intended to do that at all, but it was supposed to be sending a message that Trump has a different opinion now about Assad. Before it was quite a bit different..
SS: Is the U.S. preparing an all-out intervention in Syria using a weapons of mass destruction pretext – just like it did in 2003 in Iraq?
RP: Let’s hope not, it’s hard to judge that, and like I’ve said, I don’t think Trump has a precise position in it. it changes depending on which advisor he might have talked to recently. Let’s hope it’s not being prepared like Iraq, but the distortion of the information that they deal with is a big concern and my main my goal, with my organisation with my website is to just get to the truth, to the bottom of this, and with always a goal  of less confrontation. Right now, it is really a challenge to figure out what’s going on. So, I think that it’s a serious problem.
SS: So, there’s still no solid evidence, but the blame for the chemical ‘attack’ is being pinned on Assad. The U.S. envoy to the UN Nikki Haley said that the proof is “naturally classified”, the same thing we heard when it came to Russia’s meddling in the U.S. election. Is this an established tactic now – to talk about classified information, and not reveal anything…?
RP: I think, sometimes, you could look at the incident and dealing with poison gases is more or less an excuse, not a good reason, that’s an excuse to shift policy to satisfy some special interests and, of course, the war propaganda tends to be mostly lies, which is historical, and there were a lot of lies told – I was in the Congress at the time – about going into Iraq, which I strongly opposed, but there was all this story about the great danger, Saddam Hussein was about to bomb American cities and he has weapons of mass destruction…So, it is extreme exaggerations and I think the question is – why go so fast? If there’s a question, let’s sort it out, let’s find out what really happened – was there really some gas there, how did that happen and who was holding this gas, and it just doesn’t make any sense to me that Assad would be involved… It doesn’t serve his interests. Whoever did this, placed a perfect false flag for change in our foreign policy, and now, I think, there should be an investigation by our government, our politicians to find out the truth of things, rather than just accepting hearsay about who did what, and that’s our biggest job that we have to deal with here.
SS: Eric Trump, the President’s son, said that the airstrike on Syria proves his dad has no ties to Russia.  Could it all really have been about that – Trump bombing Syria to prove to the audience at home that he is not a Russian puppet?
RP: It’s a possibility, but it’s conjecture, but it would make sense if you don’t have a firm policy and you can go back and forth and he’s getting hit politically – it’s looks like the pro-war people in this country have the control of the propaganda machine, and he might have felt like he was not in charge as much and had to change his position, so what Eric is saying, maybe there’s some truth, because now they didn’t purposely go out and shoot down a Russian plane or kill anybody – they went out of their way to warn Russia what he was doing and the missiles were just symbolic and it could be a political symbol, which is done a lot of time, or it could be something more involved,but there’s no way for me to know that.
SS: The alt-right movement that was so excited about Trump when he ran for office is not at all excited about the Syrian strikes – figures like conservative commentator Ann Coulter  are voicing their disappointment. Why is Trump going against his power base?
RP: I guess he’s the only one who could answer that, it doesn’t seem to make a lot of sense, but if you don’t have firm convictions, you can say “I have their support and they’re going to stick with me”… What happens so often in elections is they will go to their base, the ones who are most determined and they win primaries and then they shift gears to a more moderate, modest position, maybe internationalist, maybe they have been non-internationalist- you know, in the primaries. But in this case, maybe he’s a little bit late for doing that and some of them are offended. I think it’s a healthy challenge here, in America, when conservatives who had supported him and had hopes for him, even some libertarians had hopes that we would have a change in foreign policy… but a lot of people are waking up and saying – “You know, it looks like more of the same”.
SS: You know, President has declared this kind of war with the media ever since his inauguration, but after he ordered the attack on Syria, there has been nothing but praise for him in the press – why does the American president have to launch an attack on a foreign state to raise his approval rating? This is crazy.
RP: That shows you that neoconservatives have a powerful influence, and I think average people – I have determined with my experience in politics – average people don’t like war, but the war drums have to be beaten in order to excite people. It really doesn’t make any sense, but the war propaganda is controlled by governments, as is tradition, and the media and they have a lot of reasons for that – everything  from religious reasons to monetary reasons, to military-industrial complex, and all of these things. It is amazing how much influence they have, but I really don’t think they represent the people. I still talk to our campus people, the young people, and the people I talk to, at least, they don’t want this, they don’t need confrontation, and it’s almost seems like… it makes no sense whatsoever! I think they might do this for reasons – “it’s token, it’s not a big deal, we’re not declaring war on anybody”, but the big problem is that sometimes accidents happen, there are unintended consequences and you can’t always predict what the opposition is going to do and that’s why I think it’s so dangerous.
SS: Many hoped Trump’s ‘America first’ policy would mean a step away from America’s overseas military interventions, instead he’s increasing drone strikes, campaigns in Syria and Iraq – what happened to his campaign promise? Why is he not able to reduce U.S. military involvement in the world, like he said he would?
RP: I don’t  think anybody knows that other than himself. We have to realize that he’s just adapted to the continuation of the policy that Obama was doing. It’s been going on for a long time, it was Obama who said “Assad has to go”, so now we’re back to not quite that far.  It looks like, maybe, his position… – because the day after missiles flew, he was saying something like “we’ve gotta get along” – so the ambivalence is such that nobody can say exactly what the policy is and I don’t think ambivalence is a good idea. I think people should speak clearly, and that’s one thing we libertarians do, we speak very clearly on what we think how we should treat other people in the world, but, I think that this shifting back and forth leaves too many questions to ask and trying to please both sides, both the people who say “be freinds and trade and have no problems” versus people who say “we can’t be resting until we get rid of Assad” and, unfortunately there’s a lot of that talk. That’s been going on for decades, actually, and we were hoping it would stop.
SS: You have a point there. At first Trump was sceptical about regime change, now there’s talk about removing Assad – but what do you think, does the administration really have an idea about what to do with Syria – if Assad goes?
RP: They are planners, and they have strategic plans and it’s hard for someone like myself deciding a good plan versus a less good or a bad plan, because we want to stay out of planning  things for other people. So, maybe the oil pipeline is a big deal, big deal for our allies and some of our people in the Persian Gulf and a big deal for Russia, where this pipeline going to go – is it going to go through Syria, that can be a big deal. But from my viewpoint, I would say, let somebody else worry about it and we can worry about having a healthy economy and showing the people what it’s like to live in a free society – that’s what I would concentrate on, but I think there’s this whole idea about the many things that go on, and people can be convinced and also the political desire to please different faction, and when you do that, you usually don’t please either side. Both sides get annoyed with you if you try to please both factions in a debate.
SS: In his recent interview to ABC news, Tillerson talked about the chaotic situation in Libya, caused by violent regime change – if he is aware of the consequences of regime change, does that mean he just doesn’t care about what happens to Syria after toppling Assad?
RP: It’s no way for me to know exactly what’s in his mind, his position seems to have shifted, but you know, it’s not unique to the current administration. By the time Obama was leaving office, he wasn’t taking the position that Assad has to go, he softened his position because he knew it wasn’t going to happen and he was going to leave it for somebody else. So I don’t think I can… I try to sort it out and I try to influence our foreign policy in a way I’d like to see it go, but I can’t look into their minds and what they’re really thinking about, because, like I’ve said earlier, there’s a lot of ambivalence about what might be going on in these people’s minds – there’s lot of different special interests and how fast and how far you have to go… It’s so much easier for us who believe in non-interventionism and minding our business, and not maintaining an empire – that’s simple, and I believe it’s the right thing to do. When we get into intervention management, it’s sort of like  managing economy – nobody can manage the economy, only the people can do that. Same way on foreign policy.
SS: I’m gonna ask you this question and I just want your assessment of what we have in the finish line. The U.S. is helping in the struggle against ISIS in Iraq’s Mosul, and in neighbouring Syria as well , but according to reports from the ground, the American attack on the Syrian government only paved the way for an ISIS offensive in the area – so does this mean the Administration is helping terrorist groups and if so, then they don’t care about it?
RP: Or they’re not very smart. You know, maybe they don’t understand it and there’s a bit of that that goes on, you know, one of the rationals about how we got into that mess in the Middle East was that we really, our government didn’t understand the players over  there and didn’t understand the issues. That may be part of it, but I think that happens to be true that this did help the rebels. It’s known, it’s been in the papers, that we have allied ourselves with the “moderate” rebels, and for some of our American politicians, whenever they say there are ‘no moderates’ in Syria, but we use them, because the American people don’t want to see body bags coming back, so they use troops that might go over and say, “we’ll help one of those radicals and they’re going to destroy Assad”. This was more or less the rationale for us helping people to deal with the Soviets. When they were in Afghanistan, we helped radicalise some of the islamists to fight our battles for us, and I think that’s part of the story too.
SS: In that interview to ABC news Rex Tillerson explained Russia’s support for Assad is either down to Moscow’s incompetence or the fact that it has been out-manoeuvred by the Syrians. How can you negotiate and defuse the situation if you consider your partners incompetent, can you really go anywhere from there?
RP: This is a tactical thing for a lot of people, where you do this, you don’t do this, you  move around – so to me it’s dealing with a problem which can’t be solved, it’s sort of like… when we talk about the monetary policy – where’s the right interest rate? Well, for me, it’s the free market, but they take it over and “raise a little higher, a little lower”, and… tactical things don’t work for me. I want strategic things. I want to know what we stand for – we stand for freedom, we stand for non-intervention, we stand for free markets, we stand for non-interventionist foreign policy, and not antagonising, and we stand for free trade. So, sometimes we hear words like that, sometimes not – whichever serves their purpose at that particular moment.
SS: At the G7 summit, there has been no unity among the Western countries on Russia and Syria. Despite support for the U.S. missile attack, the UK’s idea to impose new sanctions on Russia over its support for Assad was not welcomed by everyone. Does this mean Europe is not ready for any kind of tough response?
RP: Let’s hope so. I don’t see how it serves any purpose, unless people behind the scenes want it for some sort of sinister selfish purpose and they have to convince the people that they either out of fear have to go along with the policy or out of sense of a so-called patriotism, something like that. So, there’s a lot of reasons behind the scenes, which are the real reasons, then you have to have the people who use the propaganda and, usually, patriotism is one of the things that they appeal to. I was always accused in Washington, when I wouldn’t vote for funding of these programs, that I was not a “true American”, I was “not supporting America” and “don’t support the troops”. But I didn’t feel that lonely when I talked to young people or people in the tax affairs – there’s a lot of people who agree with me. Now, we shouldn’t be doing this, but then again, there’s a lot of people who agree with this more militant approach, because they like to be strong, they don’t want to be pushed around – so, it’s a challenge on propaganda.
SS: During that meeting, the G7 meetings Rex Tillerson left European diplomats puzzled with one remark, asking – quote – “Why should U.S. taxpayers care about Ukraine?” What do you think, is there an answer to that question?
RP: They should care if we’re wasting taxpayer’s money to have regime change, and take one leader out and put another in – they should care about it, because it’s a tax cost and it’s also a cost on what does it do with relationships. So, yes, that’s very serious… But many people, you know, seem to be convinced that spending more money on military is always okay. Conservatives who are supposed to be saving money would never save a nickel when it comes military spending, and that to me is sad, because they’re inconsistent about them being fiscal conservatives.
SS: Generally speaking, this foreign policy approach – using force – seems to be favoured on both sides of the political establishment in the U.S., with Republicans and Democrats alike coming across as hawkish – why is there no room for a conciliatory approach in U.S. politics anymore?
RP: Well, there was, and that’s why I helped Donald Trump become President, so the question is not that they are not there, it’s … once again, the policy shifted, after the fact, because the grassroots were mobilized with that and they would like to see that, and I  think that is very good. But once again, they’re expressing some disappointment here, and we don’t know what’s  the final conclusion is. Maybe this was just a demonstration rather than a total change in foreign policy.
SS: Alright. Thank you very much for this interesting insight. We were talking to Dr. Ron Paul, long-time Congressman, U.S. political icon, and we’ve been discussing the latest developments in the U.S.-Russia relations, the surprising turns in Trump administration’s policies and Washington’s engagement in the Syrian conflict. That’s it for this edition of SophieCo, we will see you next time.



ARTICLE
 A retired general has been charged by the US army with raping a minor several times between 1983 and 1989.
After leaving the military, Major General James Grazioplene worked as VP for DynaCorp International for three years, the private military contractor at the heart of numerous international child sex scandals
Grazioplene’s connections with DynCorp should immediately raise a red flag says the Free Thought Project.
The company has been embroiled in several high-level scandals involving the exploitation and trafficking of children for sex, dating as far back as the Bosnia conflict during Bill Clinton’s tenure as US President.
Grazioplene faces life in prison and the loss of his pension if convicted of the charges.
According to CBS news:
The Army did not say where the alleged crimes happened. Grazioplene was based at North Carolina’s Fort Bragg from 1988 to 1990, the station reports.
Grazioplene, of Gainesville, Virginia, entered the Army in March 1972 as an armor officer, according to the Army Times. Before his 2005 retirement, Grazioplene was assigned to the Pentagon as the Director of Force Development, Joint Warfighting Capabilities Assessment, according to a Military District of Washington statement obtained by the paper.
There is no statute of limitations for these charges and as a retiree, Grazioplene is still subject to military law, the Uniform Code of Military Justice, reports USA Today.
The Army alleged “six specifications of rape of a minor on multiple occasions,” the paper reports.
Grazioplene is expected to face a hearing to determine whether the case goes to court martial. He did not respond to a request for comment from the paper.
 



ARTICLE
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis has ordered the military to immediately review the US’s overall nuclear weapons policy document after learning that weapons systems in the nuclear arsenal are over six decades old and some still run on floppy disk.
Before President Trump took office, he tweeted that the US “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such times as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.”
After taking office Defense Secretary James Mattis was disgusted to learn that decades of deferring modernization mean that some long-range bombers are more than 60 years old, certain control and command systems still run on eight-inch floppy disks and some intercontinental ballistic missile silos have fallen into disuse and disrepair.
“Today, Secretary Mattis directed the commencement of the review, [Nuclear Posture Review], which will be led by the deputy secretary of defense and the vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, and include interagency partners,” Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said in a statement Monday.
“The process will culminate in a final report to the president by the end of the year.“

The Pentagon is preparing to spend billions of dollars over the next 15 years to modernize and purchase the new B-21 bomber, an updated fleet of nuclear submarines, and new intercontinental ballistic missiles, as well as new command and control capabilities, according to Defense News.
According to a report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO), the Pentagon is under orders to urgently modernize its floppy systems – which currently coordinate intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), nuclear bombers and tanker support aircraft – by the end of 2017.



ARTICLE
A former Pentagon scientist claims to have proof that the recent gas attack in Syria was staged, saying that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad cannot have been responsible based on the facts uncovered.
Theodore Postol, professor emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and former Pentagon scientist, issued a series of three detailed reports in response to the White House’s claim that Assad perpetrated the attack.
According to Postol, the Trump administration has failed to provided any concrete evidence that Assad is responsible, and claims that the attack was very likely perpetrated by rebels on the ground.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Postol said: “I have reviewed the [White House’s] document carefully, and I believe it can be shown, without doubt, that the document does not provide any evidence whatsoever that the US government has concrete knowledge that the government of Syria was the source of the chemical attack in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria at roughly 6am to 7am on 4 April, 2017.
“In fact, a main piece of evidence that is cited in the document point to an attack that was executed by individuals on the ground, not from an aircraft, on the morning of 4 April.
“This conclusion is based on an assumption made by the White House when it cited the source of the sarin release and the photographs of that source. My own assessment is that the source was very likely tampered with or staged, so no serious conclusion could be made from the photographs cited by the White House.”
Postol is pointing out how the images used by the White House, to justify launching 59 missiles at a sovereign nation, actually show enough evidence to debunk the official story from the start.
Postol notes that the canister appears to have been clearly smashed on the ground and not launched from a plane as the United States contests.
“The explosive acted on the pipe as a blunt crushing mallet,” Postol said. “It drove the pipe into the ground while at the same time creating the crater.
“Since the pipe was filled with sarin, which is an incompressible fluid, as the pipe was flattened, the sarin acted on the walls and ends of the pipe causing a crack along the length of the pipe and also the failure of the cap on the back end.”
As the IB Times points out, Postol, formerly a scientific advisor at the Department of Defense (DoD), has previously outlined similar inconsistencies with US intelligence reports. Following the 2013 chemical weapons attack in eastern Ghouta. Postol again said the evidence did not suggest Assad was responsible – a finding that was later corroborated by the United Nations.
After easily blowing apart the official narrative on the alleged attacks, Postol’s new report goes on to call attention to the politicized aspect of the intelligence findings.
Postol said: “No competent analyst would miss the fact that the alleged sarin canister was forcefully crushed from above, rather than exploded by a munition within it.
“All of these highly amateurish mistakes indicate that this White House report, like the earlier Obama White House Report [from Ghouta in 2013], was not properly vetted by the intelligence community as claimed.
“I have worked with the intelligence community in the past, and I have grave concerns about the politicisation of intelligence that seems to be occurring with more frequency in recent times – but I know that the intelligence community has highly capable analysts in it.
“And if those analysts were properly consulted about the claims in the White House document they would have not approved the document going forward.”
After reading Postol’s report, the idea of the Sarin gas attack being a false flag — as multiple high-level experts, politicians, and former intelligence officers have claimed — becomes far more plausible than the United States’ official narrative.
Please share this article with your friends and families so that they may see the what the real experts, who don’t have an interest in spreading empire and war, are saying.



ARTICLE
A U.S. University has been forced to provide free tampons to male students as part of an anti-cissexist program. 
According to liberals, cissexism is the prejudice or discrimination against transgender people – which includes the “offensive” assumption that biologically male persons do not have female body parts.
The University of Wisconsin-Madison launched the program this April, claiming it is offensive to assume that male students don’t have vaginas.
“Menstrual products will be available in all of the bathrooms of the Red Gym so that they are available to any student who might need them, ” Steve Wagoner, a spokesman for the school said.
Dailycaller.com reports:
The women’s bathrooms in Helen C. White Hall and Sterling Hall are stocked with feminine hygiene products, while The Red Gym will also have tampons and pads in the women’s, men’s and gender neutral bathrooms.
Student Rep. Katrina Morrison proposed the program, telling people that having to buy tampons was “an unnecessary burden” and that access to feminine hygiene products is vital.
“It’s definitely a deficit and an unnecessary burden for [anyone] to have to go and purchase menstrual products,” Morrison explained.
“Having them be free and readily available in campus buildings is definitely a necessity.”
Other colleges are providing tampons in men’s bathroom because of transgender students.
Brown University made tampons available to both men and women in their bathrooms.
“We wanted to set a tone of trans-inclusivity, and not forget that they’re an important part of the population,” student body president Viet Nguyen explained in September to Newsweek.



ARTICLE
A 75-year-old grandmother has been raided and humiliated by NASA during a sting operation to steal her precious piece of moon rock, left to her by her first husband.
Joann Davis wanted to sell her speck of moon rock to raise money for her grandchildren. She and her first husband used to work for the space program and NASA.
In 2011 the space agency pulled a cruel trick on her to relieve her from her piece of the moon.
Armed NASA agents forced the elderly woman to depart with her moon rock and made her urinate in her pants by refusing her a trip to the bathroom.
Her ordeal lasted for two hours, during a sting operation at the car park of a busy Denny’s restaurant in Lake Elsinore, California.
A federal appeals court has ruled that Davis can sue the federal agent who roughed her up.
The Free Thought Project reports:
When Joann Davis was 75, she hit some hard financial times after finding herself raising grandchildren following her daughter’s death and her son’s illness. So, being the resourceful grandmother that she is, Davis began to think of ways to earn some extra cash.
Then it hit her.
Her first husband, Robert Davis worked as an Apollo 11 engineer, and he saved a paperweight with moon material and another with a bit of the heat shield. Joann, who also worked for the space program at the time, came up with the idea that she’d ask NASA if they’d like to buy it from her, so she could raise some funds to feed her grandchildren.
Brilliant, right?
Well, to most people with common sense, this is a great idea. However, to the American police state, it’s a felony. Now, Davis is attempting to sue officials for the brutal and humiliating treatment she endured at the hands of NASA agents.
The lead agent “organized a sting operation involving six armed officers to forcibly seize a Lucite paperweight containing a moon rock the size of a rice grain from an elderly grandmother,” wrote Judge Sidney Thomas of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals in the recent decision allowing Davis to sue, per the Los Angeles Times.
Instead of telling Davis that it is against the law to sell moon rocks (yeah, we didn’t know that either), NASA set up an elaborate sting operation to nail this grandma — turned would be international moon rock fence — to the wall.
While Davis became excited to think that she’d finally get some financial padding by selling this moon rock, armed NASA agents were plotting away to take her down.
The sting would take place at a local Denny’s restaurant. These brave cops must’ve obviously known they were dealing with a hardened criminal when she asked to meet them at Denny’s.
The armed NASA agents then raided the Denny’s and forcibly restrained the dangerous 75-year-old grandma and her second husband who was along for the trade.
As they heroically protected society from the likes of a poor grandmother trying to support her dead child’s children, officers refused to allows Davis to use the bathroom. They forced her to defecate in her pants. Heroic indeed.
As Mercury News reports, Davis stood in the parking lot of a Denny’s restaurant in pants soaked in urine, answering questions from a federal agent about a rice-sized piece of moon.
“He kept saying, ‘You will be going to federal court, you will be going to federal jail,’ ” Davis said Friday.
“In the end, Ms. Davis spent her whole life proudly working for aerospace and the government, only to be jumped by a NASA-organized swat team because someone in NASA made a mistake and wanted to get it back,” said Davis’ Redlands-based lawyer, Peter Schlueter. “And they did it in a way that humiliated her.”
As authorities made the case against the moon rock-dealing elderly woman, they likely garnered the attention of prosecutors on the way through the system. Eventually, those prosecutors would drop the case against Davis. However, not before she’d be arrested and brutally humiliated by NASA agents.
In this week’s ruling, according to Newser, the judges said Davis made a case that the detention violated her constitutional right regarding unreasonable seizure. She is suing agent Norman Conley, who “had no law enforcement interest in detaining Davis for two hours while she stood wearing urine-soaked pants in a restaurant’s parking lot during the lunch rush,” wrote Thomas.

In what world would it be considered in the interest of public safety to organize a sting operation, carried out by a team of armed agents, to kidnap and cage a woman for selling her dead husband’s moon rock to feed her grandchildren? Well, apparently, this world.
As Mercury News reports, Davis’ son died seven months after the incident. If Davis, who will be 80 next month, is successful in her suit, she says she would like to build a picnic area at Whitefish Lake in Montana as a memorial to both her son and her daughter.



ARTICLE
President Trump announced that he has given the United States military the “full authority” to strike foreign targets and declare war without the “interference” of elected officials in Congress or the Senate, as military generals say WW3 is “almost guaranteed.”
“What I do is I authorize my military,” President Trump said in response to a press question about the  military action in Afghanistan. “We have the greatest military in the world, and they’ve done the job, as usual. We have given them total authorization, and that’s what they’re doing.”
President Trump signaled that the “total authorization” the military now holds marks a change from procedure under previous administrations.
“Frankly, that’s why they’ve been so successful lately. If you look at what’s happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what has happened over the last eight years, you’ll see there is a tremendous difference.”
The news that President Trump has handed full autonomy to the military comes as top military bosses claim that World War 3 is “almost guaranteed” and will be “extremely lethal and fast.”
Speaking at a ‘future-of-the-Army’ panel at the Association of the U.S. Army in Washington, generals and other leading figures laid out their forecasts for upcoming conflicts – and the men who have been given “total authorization” to declare war all foresee World War 3 looming on the horizon.
Army Chief of Staff General Mark A. Milley kicked off proceedings by stating that an upcoming major war between nation states “is almost guaranteed”.
According to a report by Defense One, Major General William Hix weighed in, saying: “A conventional conflict in the near future will be extremely lethal and fast, and we will not own the stopwatch. The speed of events are likely to strain our human abilities.“
Hix also warned that the US is preparing for “violence on the scale that the U.S. Army has not seen since Korea” when over 30,000 American troops were killed.
(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
Lt. General Joseph Anderson said America must face up to frightening threats from “modern nation-states acting aggressively in militarised competition.”
He added: “Who does that sound like? Russia?”
Miley also cited a strengthened Russia, an increasingly dominate China, expanding smaller nation states and climate change as factors which could lead to instability.
He said: “While we’re ready now, we are being challenged.
“Our Army and our nation must be ready.”



ARTICLE
Democrat Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) has been caught siphoning off hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign funds and depositing them in her daughter’s bank account.
Karen Waters, the daughter of Rep. Maxine Waters, Karen pulled in $65,287 overseeing the slate mailer operation in 2016, making her the third-largest recipient of Waters campaign funds that cycle. But it doesn’t stop there. Karen, together with her firm Progressive Connections, has received over $600,000 in payments from the Waters campaign since 2006.
This isn’t the first time that the Democratic Congresswoman has gotten herself into ethical hot water. In fact, it happens so often that two different government watchdogs have tabbed her as one of the nation’s most corrupt politicians. (See here and here).
In 2010, Waters was brought up on three separate corruption charges by her Democrat colleagues in the House, even after Rep. Barney Frank (D-MA) warned her against getting involved in advocating for a bank in which she had financial interest.
The panel said Waters, who sits on the Financial Services Committee, broke a House rule requiring members to behave in a way that reflects “creditably” on the chamber. The committee said that by trying to assist OneUnited, she stood to benefit directly, because her husband owned a sizable amount of stock that would have been “worthless” if the bank failed.
The committee also accused Waters of violating the “spirit” of a House rule prohibiting lawmakers from using their positions for financial gain, as well as a government ethics statute banning the dispensing of “special favors.”
Draining the swamp
The news comes after former Hillary Clinton State Department employee Candace Marie Claiborne became the first Clinton-era State Department employee indicted on treason charges, leading many to believe the swamp has begun to be drained.
A federal grand jury indicted Claiborne for conspiring to defraud the U.S. government, concealing contact with foreign spies, obstructing an official proceeding, and making false statements to the FBI, according to a Department of Justice press release.
The bill of charges contains numerous felonies and Claiborne, 60, is facing spending the rest of her life behind bars, as prosecutors warn she is “the first of many” corrupt Clinton-era State Department employees that will be bought to justice by a reinvigorated DOJ.



ARTICLE
Congress has published details of a bill proposed by Dennis Kucinich that openly admits of the existence of chemtrails. 
The former U.S. Representative openly admits in the bill that the United States government use airspace across America to spray chemtrails over the population as part of a weapons testing program.
This bill contains admissions of the existence of; electronic, psychotronic, or information weapons; chemtrails; high altitude ultra low frequency weapons systems; plasma, electromagnetic, sonic, or ultrasonic weapons; laser weapons systems; strategic, theater, tactical, or extra terrestrial weapons; and chemical, biological, environmental, climate, or tectonic weapons.
The terms ‘‘weapon’’ and ‘‘weapons system’’ mean a device capable of any of the following:
Damaging or destroying an object (whether in outer space, in the atmosphere, or on earth) by firing one or more projectiles to collide with that object; 
detonating one or more explosive devices in close proximity to that object;
 directing a source of energy (including molecular or atomic energy, subatomic particle beams, electromagnetic radiation, plasma, or extremely low frequency (ELF) or ultra low frequency (ULF) energy radiation) against that object; or any other unacknowledged or as yet undeveloped means.
Inflicting death or injury on, or damaging or destroying, a person (or the biological life, bodily health, mental health, or physical and economic well-being of a person) through the use of any of the means described.
The term ‘‘exotic weapons systems’’ includes weapons designed to damage space or natural ecosystems (such as the ionosphere and upper atmosphere) or climate, weather, and tectonic systems with the purpose of inducing damage or destruction upon a target population or region on earth or in space.
 
  



ARTICLE
A group of senior rabbis have issued a letter to President Trump, demanding that he bomb Syria again or else face “more chemical attacks” in the region. 
The letter predicts further gas attacks on an even larger scale than the one earlier in April that killed dozens of children.
“The Assad regime will not cease these brutal attacks unless it faces the threat of serious military repercussions such as airstrikes against air bases associated with chemical weapons and suspected storage facilities.”
“Order targeted airstrikes on Assad regime air facilities, jetways, and fix-wing and rotary aircraft so as to prevent the regime from carrying out further chemical attacks with nerve agents.”
Forward.com reports:
Dear President Trump,
We write to you with angst just days before the Passover holiday when the Jews escaped the oppressive tyranny of Pharaoh in Egypt. The Assad regime in Syria appears to have conducted a nerve gas attack against Syrian civilians yesterday. At least 58 civilians have been killed in the attack, marking the worst chemical attack in Syria since the August 21, 2013 chemical massacre. We believe that a strong response from the U.S. is essential to stopping these war crimes.
This attack is a violation of multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions prohibiting the Assad regime from using chemical weapons passed under Chapter 7 of the UN Charter. Local medical workers observed that victims were gasping for air, and video footage from the area showed dozens of dead bodies with no apparent external injuries.
Israel’s President Reuven Rivlin called the attack a “stain on humanity,” and urged the international community to “join together to bring an end to this murderous insanity and make sure these types of images will never again be seen anywhere in the world” and called on “world leaders and the heads of the world powers to act now and stop the criminal murdered taking in place in Syria at the hands of the Assad regime and act to have chemical weapons removed from the Syrian territory.”
Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel said in 2012, “the so-called civilized world isn’t even trying to stop the massacre. Its leaders issue statements, but the bloodshed continues. A situation that has lasted 13-odd months is not about to end.”
The Assad regime will not cease these brutal attacks unless it faces the threat of serious military repercussions such as airstrikes against air bases associated with chemical weapons and suspected storage facilities.
We therefore urge you to fully appreciate the importance of this moment and to act decisively to avoid dire consequences. Specifically, we recommend that you adopt the following measures:
Signed,
Rabbi Alison Adler
Rabbi Daniel Askenazi
Rabbi Justus Baird
Rabbi Ben Berger
Rabbi Jonathan Biatch
Rabbi Jason Bonder
Rabbi Jill Borodin
Rabbi Mark Borovitz
Rabbi Daniel Bouskila
Rabbi Debra S. Cantor
Rabbi Mari Chernow
Rabbi Yosi Cirlin
Rabbi Chuck Davidson
Rabbi Ellen Weinberg Dreyfus
Rabbi Menashe East
Rabbi Judith Edelstein
Rabbi Dr. Zev Farber
Cantor Rebecca Joy Fletcher
Rabbi Avidan Freedman
Rabbi Ruth Gais
Rabbi Rachel Gartner
Rabbi Daniel Goodman
Rabbi Mel Gottlieb,Ph.D.
Rabbi Maralee Gordon
Rabbi Steve Greenberg
Rabbi Dr. Yitz Greenberg
Rabbi Arielle Hanien
Rabbi Ari D. Hart
Rabbi Dr. Richard Hidary
Rabbi Sarit Horwitz
Rabbi Rachel Isaacs
Rabbi David Jaffe
Rabbi Marisa James
Rabbi David Kalb
Rabbi Jeremy Kalmanofsky
Rabbi Yosef Kanefsky
Rabbi Elana Kanter
Rabbi David Kasher
Cantor Dr. Evan Kent
Rabbi Riqi Kosovske
Rabbi Emma Kippley-Ogman
Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum
Rabbi Andy Koren
Rabbi Eugene Korn
Rabbi Dr. Robert L. Kravitz
Rabbi Daniel Landes
Rabbi Aaron Leibowitz
Rabbi Darby Jared Leigh
Rabbi Joshua Lesser
Rabbi Joshua Levine Grater
Rabbi Leah Lewis
Rabbi John A. Linder
Rabbi Andrea London
Rabbi Yehoshua Looks
Rabbi Marc Margolius
Rabbi Ariel Evan Mayse
Rabbi Avram Mlotek
Rabbi Dan Moskovitz
Rabbi Kehillah Dina Najman
Rabbi David Novak
Rabbi Micha Odenheimer
Rabbi Haim Ovadia
Rabbi Laura Owens
Rabbi Shuli Passow
Rabbi Robin Podolsky
Rabbi Aaron Potek
Rabbi Aviva Richman
Rabbi Tracee Rosen
Rabbi Scott B. Saulson
Rabbi Robert Scheinberg
Rabbi Hanan Schlesinger
Rabbi David Seidenberg
Rabbi Chaim Seidler-Feller
Rabbi Dean Shapiro
Rabbi Bonnie Sharfman
Rabbi Garth Silberstein
Rabbi Daniel Raphael Silverstein
Rabbi Suzanne Singer
Rabbi Jenny Solomon
Rabbi Robin S. Sparr
Rabbi Joseph Telushkin
Rabbi Victor Urecki
Rabbi Devin Villarreal
Rabbi Elyse Wechterman
Rabbi Simkha Y. Weintraub
Rabbi Ora Weiss
Rabbi Zari Weiss
Rabbi Dr. Shmuly Yanklowitz
Rabbi Shawn Zevit
Rabbi Jill Berkson Zimmerman



ARTICLE
Dozens of U.S. troops from the 101st Airborne Division have deployed to Mogadishu, Somalia to train forces fighting the Al-Qaeda affiliate Islamist militant group Al-Shabab.
It is the largest deployment of troops to Somalia since 1993, when 18 U.S. special forces personnel died battling Somali militiamen, causing the U.S. to pull out its combat troops and end its peacekeeping mission in the African country, as depicted in the 2001 war film Black Hawk Down.
Russia Today reports:
A US military official told Voice of America that the team will train-and-equip Somali and AMISOM (African Union Mission in Somalia) forces, with the mission expected to last until the end of September.
“United States Africa Command will conduct various security cooperation and/or security force assistance events in Somalia in order to assist our allies and partners,” US Africa Command spokesman Pat Barnes told the government funded Voice of America.

The new deployment will consist of dozens of soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division, who specialize in air assault operations. The division has also seen activity in Iraq and Afghanistan.
This is the first time regular US troops have been deployed in Somalia since they withdrew in 1994, although as a spokesperson noted, a small number of counterterrorism advisers have maintained an ongoing presence in the country.
The troop deployment follows a directive signed last month by Donald Trump designed to clamp down on Al-Shabaab who are closely linked with Al-Qaeda.
Somali President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed recently called on militants to surrender in exchange for education and jobs. However, they have continued to carry out attacks in the capital and the countryside.
The militant group was forced out of the capital Mogadishu by AMISOM troops in 2011 and they have since ceded further ground in their fight with the 22,000-strong peacekeeping force.
In 1993, American military forces were involved in an ill-fated attempt to target militia leaders associated with former military commander Mohammed Farah Aideed. One 15-hour battle in Mogadishu during that deployment was depicted in the movie Black Hawk Down.
In the wake of the incident, former US President Bill Clinton pulled all American combat forces out of the country. Since then, the US has not sent combat troops for peacekeeping missions in the Somalia.



ARTICLE
George Clooney has the blood of Syrian children on his hands, according to the verdict by the Swedish Doctors for Human Rights concerning the Syrian chemical weapons attack. 
As the producer of the Oscar winning “documentary” White Helmets, Clooney is the head of PR for the al-Qaeda front, giving them the power and resources to do what they do by promoting them to the gullible mainstream audience in Western nations.
The Hollywood actor/director knows how to spin a good story. He knows the emotional strings to pull in order to manipulate audiences.
Now, thanks to that film and the tireless misinformation of mainstream media, the White Helmets have carte blanche to commit atrocities, blame whoever they want, and further their agenda of toppling a democratically elected government in a sovereign state.
The organization, SWEDHR is very real, their work authoritative and their indictment of the White Helmets for killing children in order to stage propaganda videos is being completely suppressed by the global elite determined to push for war in Syria and the wider world.
To make matters even murkier, Google itself is involved, at war with the Swedish doctors and others, censoring them from their search engines. As such, the information here will be new to many Americans.
At no time has the White House or any mainstream media acknowledged the growing controversy concerning the White Helmets. Nor has there been any mention of the dozens of proven gas attacks by FSA, ISIS and al-Qaeda, which are suddenly “forgotten” as though by magic.
The White Helmets, supposedly an independent NGO, receives up to $100m from the CIA and UK Foreign Office in “dark project” funding. Murdering children is their stock and trade as we will prove. Sharing headquarters with Turkish Intelligence in Gaziantep, Turkey, the White Helmets are far more “death squad” than civil defense. Please review the included videos.
Children Murdered for Propaganda Videos
Swedish Doctors For Human Rights (swedhr.org) analyzed videos of the rescue after the alleged attack by Syrian government forces. The doctors found that the videos were counterfeit, where even Arabic stage directions were overheard, and that the alleged “rescue” is in actuality a murder.
The procedures in the video and photos below have been carefully analyzed to show that they were carried out on a dead child, who may have been killed by the White Helmets in order to film the footage.
Chairman of Swedish Doctors for Human Rights (SWEDH), Professor Marcello Ferrada de Noli, notes:
The reproduction of those al-Qaeda / White Helmets footage by CNN, camouflaged as “normal news”, is a fact that should be investigated together with the deceiving content in such footage. A clearer illustration of ‘fake news’ around the disinformation on the Syrian conflict is hard to find.
It is remarkable that no UN official, no CNN journalist, etc., ever reflected on the veracity or authenticity of the enacted ‘saving-lives’ scenes in the video. For instance, and to the best of my knowledge, this is the first time that an analysis of the syringe episode is conducted in the terms I describe here below.
The result of this observation, later supported by two Swedish doctors –one GP and a pediatrician– demonstrates that the syringe’s content was never pumped into the needle injected in the infant’s chest. An alternative explanation, equally bizarre, is that the child was injected with the needle connected to an empty syringe-barrel.
WARNING: Video contains graphic and disturbing content.

There is a lot of evidence to consume, condemning the White Helmets charade contained in the full article from Professor Marcello Ferrada de Noli. Here is a link to the Indicter magazine, detailing the White Helmets hoax in its entirety.
Below is the smoking gun evidence from the video released above, in sequenced screenshots, clearly showing that the White Helmets are not saving babies, but killing babies.
WARNING: The images below are very graphic and may be disturbing to see.
Professor Marcello Ferrada de Noli via The Indicter magazine:
Between March 9 and March 10 I studied the video by running it in slow motion.
After I selected the segment, I studied the sequence frame by frame. I took screenshots of the relevant frames in sequence, which also indicated the position on the video in order to allow visualization of the full sequence.
On March 11, I made a 27% slow-motion video sequence, and I sent thereafter the link with the material to the same doctors, colleagues at SWEDHR, which have examined the first material [published in The Indicter on March 6], Dr Leif Elinder and Dr Lena Oske. The video featured the full syringe-episode.
On March 12, I received the feedback of my colleagues, statements which are attached in Section IV below. Furthermore, Dr Martin Gelin –also a senior member of SWEDHR– made post-observations about the laryngoscope positioned on the child’s left wrist/hand.
The same day I summarized the results and published a synopsis of the findings via The Indicter Channel.
Images below show a selection of the frames in the lapse 01:09 and 01:41

1:09

1:14

1:15

1:41
Professor Marcello Ferrada de Noli’s conclusion:
‘Lifesaving’ procedures on the children showed in the White Helmets videos were found to be fake, and ultimately performed on dead children.
The syringe used in the ‘intracardial injection’ performed on the male infant was empty, or its fluid was never injected into the child.
This same child showed, briefly, discrete life-signs (uncertain in my judgement) in the first segment of WH Vid-1. If so, this child might have died during the lapse in which the ‘lifesaving’ manoeuvres showed in the White Helmets movie went on. (Which is not the same than affirming that the personnel seen in the videos caused the dead of the infant. In forensic terms, the actual cause of death, as well as the mode and the issue of intent, refer to different items than those treated in our analysis).



ARTICLE
First Lady Melania Trump put the elite pedophile ring on notice during an unannounced and emotional Easter visit to see seven girls at a group home for abuse and domestic violence victims.
Melania Trump arrived at the shelter at around 10:15 a.m. and spoke with the group of girls between the ages of 12 and 17 for 45 minutes, the Palm Beach Post reported.
“Eggs represent new life, and these young girls are now being given a chance at new life too,” the First Lady said, breaking down in tears as she held a baby blue egg handed to her by a 12-year-old.
Teary-eyed Melania Trump reflected on the good work done by the Trump administration so far, pointing out that “thousands of abusers” have been locked up, including high-profile elected officials.
But the First Lady said “the work here is only beginning” and promised “the whole team are behind this one, undivided”.
“This is a day that the girls will never forget,” said Matthew Ladika, the chief executive officer of HomeSafe, the non-profit in charge of the shelter.
“It was extra special and touching. … She asked them what their interests are,” Ladika said.
Melania also brought the girls gifts and handed out Easter baskets and stuffed bunnies to other residents at the shelter.
The First Lady was referring to President Trump’s federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking. Announcing the investigation in February, Trump promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”
The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.
Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”
“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”

By bravely speaking out against the pedophiles, Melania Trump, a West Wing force despite her decision to protect her son and stay in NYC, will one day be viewed by history as the First Lady who helped tip over the first domino that eventually led to the whole house being bought down – and the garbage being cleared away.
Usually First Ladies focus on “healthy eating” or “better education for women”, cutesy things that only serve to keep them busy and looking good in front of the camera.
Families of the president never usually focus on anything gritty involving real human hardship.
But not the Trumps. They don’t pretend everything is rosy.
They tell it how it is and are unafraid to rock the boat, regardless of what the establishment throws at them.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has warned American patriots to keep their guns, stating that “the second amendment is a very smart amendment” and “if you had any idea of the treachery behind the scenes here and what they want to do, you’d be stockpiling up.“
Trump’s cryptic comments are believed to refer to “treachery behind the scenes” in the corridors of power in Washington D.C. His praise of the second amendment seems to refer specifically to the idea that a citizen militia is necessary to keep a potentially tyrannical political establishment in check.
The news comes after it was announced Trump will be the first President to speak at the NRA Annual Meetings since Ronald Reagan did it in 1983.
He will speak to the NRA’s 2017 Leadership Forum in Atlanta on April 28.
Breitbart News reports:  The NRA endorsed Trump on May 20, 2016, during the 2016 Annual Meetings in Louisville, Kentucky. Thereafter, the NRA campaigned for Trump, and Trump reminded voters again and again that he would work with the NRA to save the Second Amendment if elected.
Trump will now return to speak to the gun rights group that cheered him to victory last year. Bloomberg reports that this will make him “the first U.S. president to address the gun-rights group since Ronald Reagan in 1983.”
Trump’s speech to the NRA will occur two months to the day after he signed a repeal of Barack Obama’s Social Security gun ban which would have allowed the Social Security Administration to strip beneficiaries of the Second Amendment rights without due process. The speech also comes nearly two months after his Interior Secretary, Ryan Zinke, ended an Obama-era ban against using lead ammunition on federal lands.
The Trump administration has been quietly rolling back other Obama-era gun control behind the scenes. McClatchy reported that federal agencies have “narrowed the definition of ‘fugitive,’” thereby limiting the number of people prohibited from gun possession because they are included in a fugitive database. Trump “officials have also signaled that they may no longer defend the Army Corps of Engineers’ ban on carrying loaded firearms and ammunition on federal lands.”
Trump’s greatest pro-Second Amendment accomplishment was nominating Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and securing his confirmation. Trump had promised to use SCOTUS to save the Second Amendment from “people like Hillary Clinton,” and Gorsuch is widely viewed as a fulfillment of that promise.



ARTICLE
A Canadian couple have had their children removed from them by the State after they refused to tell their kids the Easter Bunny is real. 
Foster parents Derek and Frances Baars have filed court papers against Hamilton Children’s Aid Society after the agency demanded they tell their children that the Easter Bunny is a “real entity.”
Rt.com reports:
“We were committed to not lying to children,” Derek Baars said, adding “they could expect the truth from us and we expected the truth from them.”
The couple, who are devout Christians, told the agency that they “do not endorse Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny as they do not wish to lie to children.” They had noted that they don’t celebrate Halloween before they were approved as foster parents.
Derek is studying to become an ordained minister in the Reform Presbyterian Church of North America, while Frances is a nanny with an Early Childhood Education diploma.
The couple was approved to foster in December of 2015 and soon fostered two girls, aged 3 and 4, who had been temporarily removed from their parents.
“We neither confirmed or denied the existence of Santa Claus,” Baars said, noting “we gave them gifts for Christmas and they were part of our extended family celebration. They had a good day.”
However, the girls’ biological parents were upset to learn that there was no photograph of the girls with Santa Claus.
As Easter grew nearer, the Baars said the girls’ support worker became when she learned that the couple wasn’t teaching the children about the Easter Bunny.

In response, the Baars said they were then told that it was a “requirement” and “part of their duty as foster parents to teach the girls about the Easter Bunny because it is ostensibly part of Canadian culture.”
The couple told the support worker they would buy the girls new outfits and have a chocolate egg hunt, and even offered to have them sent to another foster home for Easter.
The Baars said their offer was refused, however, and they were told their “inflexibility is a problem.” They say the agency told them to “tell the foster girls that the Easter Bunny was real or their foster home would be closed.”
https://twitter.com/bigblueqbkiller/status/852471319270699008
The Baars also said that the support worker told them she “was personally afraid that if a same-sex adoptive couple met us, that we would not treat them well” due to their religious beliefs.
The children were removed from the Baars’ home in March of 2016, and they were told that they could no longer be foster parents.
Hamilton CAS Executive Director Dominic Verticchio told CBC News that he couldn’t discuss the specifics of the case, but said, “When you have children placed outside their homes… I think there should be a balance between being respectful of the foster parent’s beliefs, but also the kids. You’ve got to find a middle ground.”



ARTICLE
The Pentagon have warned that the entire country could be plunged into darkness following an imminent EMP attack by North Korea. 
The Pentagon’s technology division, Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DAFRA), are urgently developing ‘alternative communication networks’ in the event of an attack.
According to former CIA Director James Woolsey, North Korea are capable of launching an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack on America that would take out the entire power grid and end up killing millions of Americans.
In an Op-ed for The Hill, he wrote: “A single warhead delivered by North Korean satellite could blackout the national electric grid and other life-sustaining critical infrastructures for over a year — killing nine of 10 Americans by starvation and societal collapse.”
“Launch a crash program to harden against EMP attack the U.S. electric grid to preserve American civilization and hundreds of millions of lives.”
“This could be part of President Trump’s infrastructure modernization project.”
Express.co.uk reports:
Following escalating rhetoric with Syria and North Korea, the Pentagon has tried to improve protections on the country’s defence network.
DAFRA has tasked BAE Systems with producing this backup communications network for military and civilian use if the grid is fried.
The new technology would be able to move control of the grid to an alternative Secure Emergency Network.
This would mean that America could retaliate in the case of an attack.
However, DARPA’s Rapid Attack Detection, Isolation and Characterization Systems (RADICS) project remains in the early stages of development and would not likely to be ready for use until 2020.
David Grantham, a fellow at the Dallas-based National Center for Policy Analysis, said: “America’s adversaries recognize the advantage of electromagnetic pulse and promote it as a 21st century means of attack.
“Iran mentions EMP over 20 times in its military doctrine. Evidence suggests that North Korea even simulated an EMP attack in 2013.”
Peter Pry, chief of staff for the Congressional EMP Commission, added:  ‘One of the things that’s new in the EMP world is the military doctrines of our potential adversaries.
“They don’t plan to come after us just with nuclear EMP — it’s a combination of all these threats: physical sabotage, cyberattacks and EMP.”



ARTICLE
CIA director Mike Pompeo has admitted that the agency have no intention of releasing evidence that President al-Assad gassed Syrian civilians. 
According to the new CIA director, Putin’s claim that the chemical attack in Idlib was a false flag cannot be disproven by the agency.
Zerohedge.com reports:
He declined to provide proof that could put this debate to rest, saying ‘there are things that were used to form the base of our conclusions that we can’t reveal.’
Then he went on to discredit Putin, by pointing to previous instances when the Russian leader was less than forthcoming — such as eastern Ukraine and the Malaysian airliner incident.

Pompeo also discussed Julian Assange’s Wikileaks, saying:
‘This absurd definition would have all serious media organizations (with the exception of state owned media) transformed into ‘non-state intelligence services’- with the explicitly stated goal of stripping constitutional protections for publishers.’
Assange replied with a mic drop tweet.




ARTICLE
Teachers in Philadelphia have come under fire for spying on school children in their homes via laptop webcams. 
According to a lawsuit filed by a student and his parents, the Lower Merion School District of Ardmore, Pa. were caught spying on up to 1,800 students and families in their homes without their permission.
As part of a federally-funded “one-to-one” student-to-laptop initiative, teachers would secretly remotely activate webcams on laptops and snoop on kids whilst in the privacy of their own home.
Computerworld.com reports:
Michael and Holly Robbins of Penn Valley, Pa., said they first found out about the alleged spying last November after their son Blake was accused by a Harriton High School official of “improper behavior in his home” and shown a photograph taken by his laptop.
An assistant principal at Harriton later confirmed that the district could remotely activate the webcam in students’ laptops. “Michael Robbins thereafter verified, through [Assistant Principal] Ms. Matsko, that the school district in fact has the ability to remotely activate the webcam contained in a student’s personal laptop computer issued by the school district at any time it chose and to view and capture whatever images were in front of the webcam, all without the knowledge, permission or authorization of any persons then and there using the laptop computer,” the lawsuit stated.
The Robbins claimed that the district did not tell them beforehand that their son’s laptop webcam could be activated remotely, and added that there was no mention of the functionality in any of the documentation they received or on the district’s Web site.
And the privacy of non-students has been violated, the Robbins said. “By virtue of the fact that the webcam can be remotely activated at any time by the School District, the webcam will capture anything happening in the room in which the laptop computer is located, regardless of whether the student is sitting at the computer and using it,” the lawsuit charged.
The suit accuses the school district of violating the federal Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA), and other federal and state statues, including the Pennsylvania Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Act.
Mark Haltzman of the law firm Lamm Rubenstone, and the Robbins’ attorney, did not return a call for comment. A spokesman for the Lower Merion School District said early Thursday that the district had only found out about the suit hours before, and so was not able to immediately comment on the case.
If the lawsuit is granted class-action status, other students in the district and their families would be able to join the action.
The Robbins family has asked for unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, and demanded that the court issue an injunction barring the district from activating students’ laptop cameras.



ARTICLE
John McCain has praised the head of the terrorist Mujahedin-e Khalq Organization – who have vowed to destroy Iran. 
Senator McCain met with Maryam Rajavi in a special meeting in the Albanian capital, Tirana on Friday.
He congratulated the terrorist group for transferring from Iraq and continuing their reign of terror in Iran.
“There is no doubt that people in this room have suffered not only themselves, but in the loss of their loved ones,” he said.
“You have stood up, fought, and sacrificed for freedom, for the right to live free, for the right to determine your future,” he added.
Presstv.com reports:
The MKO has carried out numerous terrorist attacks against Iranian civilians and government officials over the past three decades.
Out of the nearly 17,000 Iranians killed in terrorist assaults since the victory of Iran’s 1979 Islamic Revolution, about 12,000 have fallen victim to MKO’s acts of terror.
In 1986, the terrorist group’s members fled Iran for Iraq, where they received support from the then Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein, and set up Camp Ashraf, now known as Camp New Iraq, in Diyala Province near the Iranian border.
The terrorist group also sided with the former Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein, during Iraq’s eight-year imposed war against Iran in the 1980s. The terrorist group also helped Saddam in his brutal crackdown on his opponents.
In December 2011, the UN and Baghdad agreed to relocate some 3,000 MKO members from Camp Ashraf to Camp Hurriyet.
The last group of the MKO terrorists was evicted in September 2013 and relocated to Camp Hurriyet to await transfer to third countries.



ARTICLE
An independent investigation into an elite private boarding school in Connecticut has revealed that students were sexually abused by at least 12 members of staff over a period of four decades.

The report says the alleged sexual misconduct took place at Choate Rosemary Hall between 1963 and 2010 and included “intimate kissing,” ”sexual intercourse” and “forced or coerced intercourse.”
The school, which was attended by US President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka and former President John F Kennedy, has issued an apology.
The apology comes after the school launched an independent investigation into historic reports of “adult sexual misconduct with students”.
RT reports:
The 48-page report named 12 adults who worked at Choate and engaged in sexual misconduct with students between 1963 and 2010. In a letter to the school’s community and alumni, administrators noted that the report described “numerous instances of adult sexual misconduct in Choate’s history,” including “the deeply disturbing experiences of 24 survivors.”
“The detailed content of this report is devastating to read. One can only have the greatest sympathy and deepest concern for the survivors,” the school wrote. “The conduct of these adults violated the foundation of our community: the sacred trust between students and the adults charged with their care.”
The students were both male and female, while the faculty were all men. In some instances, the sexual relationships lasted for months, including after the students had left the school.
The independent investigation began in October 2016 after the school received “specific reports” of “adult sexual misconduct with students at Choate Rosemary Hall, The Choate School, and Rosemary Hall.” Nancy Kestenbaum of Covington & Burling LLP, an experienced investigator and former prosecutor was hired to conduct the probe.
Kestenbaum looked into a broad range of “inappropriate behaviors” under the umbrella of “sexual misconduct.” Since the 1970s, the school’s policies have explicitly forbidden “sexual relationships or deep emotional attachments” between teachers and students. The investigation’s mandate did not include student-on-student sexual misconduct, nor did it include a legal analysis – only “factual reporting.”
The reports of such misconduct, which began in the 1960s and continued through the present, were “distributed in a rough bell curve, with the greatest number of reports concerning incidents in the 1980s, with roughly half that number in the 1970s and 1990s,” the investigation found. There were a “handful of reports” in the 2010s, but none involved a current Choate student.
One of the men named in the report, Spanish teacher Jaime Rivera-Murillo, was accused of raping a 17-year-old female student in a swimming pool in Costa Rica after drinking heavily with a group of students in 1999.
He was also accused of inappropriately touching a female student’s breast on the same school trip. Rivera-Murillo was promptly called back to the US and fired for “just cause.”
Although the school did not provide Rivera-Murillo a letter of recommendation, it did not warn other schools of the reasons behind his firing, a practice known as “passing the trash.”
Thus, he later served as a teacher or administrator at a number of schools, including as the principal of Wamogo Regional High school in Litchfield, Connecticut. When Choate learned of his position earlier this year, the school wrote to the district superintendent. He was placed on leave in March, and resigned on April 6.
While some of the victims said they were “flattered” by the attention at the time, they told investigators “they later recognized that the conduct had been abusive. They described Choate faculty and staff engaging in acts with them that included intimate kissing, intimate touching, and sexual intercourse.”
Others, however, said that, as students, they knew the faculty or staff members’ actions were abusive, “including forced or coerced intercourse, as well as other incidents of unwanted contact that led students to feel betrayed by faculty or staff they had trusted and admired.”
“Regardless of how the graduates felt at the time, many reported to us that these physical or sexual encounters with faculty or staff, who had occupied positions of authority and trust, disturbed them throughout their adult lives,” the investigation found.
The investigation revealed that the school did not begin to address issues of sexual misconduct at an institutional level through more comprehensive policies and more frequent training until Edward Shanahan became the headmaster, a role he served in from 1991 to 2011.
His approach to sexual misconduct began even before he received reports of inappropriate behavior between employees and students, which he and other administrators cited as a trigger for increased focus on these issues. The current headmaster, Alex Curtis, continued those policies.
here was no pattern to the school’s responses to reports of sexual misconduct, though they were handled “internally and quietly” when substantiated.
“When a faculty member was a long-term and admired teacher, action sometimes came more slowly,” the investigation found. “On at least one occasion, a faculty member remained until his voluntary retirement, some ten years after a student reported an incident of sexual misconduct.”
Although Connecticut law has required the reporting of suspected child abuse or neglect to the state’s Department of Children and Families (DCF) since 1965 and labeled teachers as mandatory reporters since 1967, Choate did not make any sexual misconduct reports to DCF before 2010. Other than one incident report in 2010, the remainder occurred during two months in 2016.
The school previously investigated reports of sexual misconduct after two graduates recounted experiences in the spring of 2013. However, Choate did not appoint the independent investigator until after the Boston Globe began publishing a series of articles about sex abuse at New England private schools, which led to a similar investigation at Rhode Island’s St. George’s School, another elite boarding school.
Elite boarding schools like Choate and St. George’s provide an opportunity for such sexual misconduct to occur because of their insular nature, Paul Mones, a lawyer who represents victims of sexual abuse, told the New York Times.
“They are closed systems, especially residential private schools where kids are separated from their parents,” he said. “It’s not like a public school, with people coming in and out all the time. There are many more opportunities for teachers to do this.”



ARTICLE
A leaked video recording at an event hosted by the Maine Democratic Party shows a Democrat official joking about rising suicide rates among white males. 
Former Maine senatorial candidate Richard Fochtmann was filmed telling Democrats at a “Values and Vision” meeting about how the party needs more young females.
“Today, you know, I saw a [inaudible] that said a lot of men, white men are committing suicide,” he said. “I almost thought yeah, great!”
“Then I thought about it little more,” he added as the crowd roared with laugher. “And I thought maybe I shouldn’t say that out in public.”
Undercover Porcupine reports:
The recording shows a speaker make light of the suicide rate among white people. While this is certainly alarming, the fact the crowd is laughing about the rise in people taking their own lives is also disturbing.
https://twitter.com/MaineFirstMedia/status/852583692413358080
In the video, Fochtmann can be seen discussing the rise in suicides among white men and encouraging it.
According to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, suicide is the tenth leading cause of death among Americans, with 44,193 Americans taking their own lives every year.
According to the Center for Disease Control, the age-adjusted suicide rate has increased 24% from 1999 to 2014, with the pace of increase greater after 2006. Suicide rates have increased among males and females over this period among all age groups from 10-74.
The suicide rate among females is highest among ages 10-14 and 45-64 among males.
Also from the CDC report:
Suicide is an important public health issue involving psychological, biological, and societal factors. 
After a period of nearly consistent decline in suicide rates in the United States from 1986 through 1999, suicide rates have increased almost steadily from 1999 through 2014. 
While suicide among adolescents and young adults is increasing and among the leading causes of death for those demographic groups, suicide among middle-aged adults is also rising .
The Maine Democratic Party has yet to respond to this issue in the twenty-four hours since Maine First Media released the recording. Despite the seriousness of the issue, they also have not publicly disavowed the statements made about rising suicide rates.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is about to send 50,000 ground troops into Syria in a move that will see the U.S. army unwittingly fight alongside ISIS and al-Qaeda.
If National Security Adviser, Gen. H.R. McMaster, gets his way, tens of thousands of troops would put the U.S. in direct confrontation with Russia and Syria.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Antiwar.com’s Jason Ditz explains,
“When President Trump took office, Syria had only about 300-400 US troops present, and while that number has grown significantly (exact figures are no longer provided by the Pentagon), a 50,000 troop deployment would be both shocking and have a huge impact on the region, likely sparking a major backlash from Syria, who has not invited US troops to operate in their territory in the first place.”
A troop deployment of that magnitude could also risk putting Washington in direct conflict with Moscow — feasibly acting as the catalyst for world war. Not to mention, it would be a substantial departure from Trump’s statement to Fox Business News,
“We’re not going into Syria.”
And as Bloomberg reports, McMaster’s strategy hasn’t necessarily been well-received by others in the Trump administration:
“McMaster himself has found resistance to a more robust ground troop presence in Syria. In two meetings since the end of February of Trump’s national security cabinet, known as the principals’ committee, Trump’s top advisers have failed to reach consensus on the Islamic State strategy. The White House and administration officials say Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford and General Joseph Votel, who is in charge of U.S. Central Command, oppose sending more conventional forces into Syria. Meanwhile, White House senior strategist Stephen Bannon has derided McMaster to his colleagues as trying to start a new Iraq War, according to these sources.”
Trump’s first national security adviser, Ret. Lt. General Michael Flynn, had — as many others — sought to avoid increased troop presence in Syria’s complex war, as it would pit U.S. personnel against militants of the Islamic State and iterations of al-Qaeda, as well as the Russian and Syrian militaries.
McMaster’s opponents feel an amplified version of former President Obama’s plans to fight ISIL — airstrikes in conjunction with special forces operations, including the training of local fighters — presents the most efficacious strategy to deal with Syria’s murky morass of hostile entities.
Bloomberg notes top Pentagon brass seek to loosen rules of engagement for special forces, including providing them additional air support, such as attack helicopters, for future operations against the self-proclaimed caliphate.
But that would require reliance on groups with personal agendas in Syria — like Kurdish militias.
Retired four-star U.S. Army General Jack Keane — who is close to McMaster but did not speak for the general — told Bloomberg’s senior national security correspondent, Eli Lake, that while the Kurds have indeed actively fought ISIL, Arab forces have been primarily focused on fighting the Assad regime.
“Our special operations guys believe rightfully so that this was a proven force that could fight,” Keane told Lake of the Kurdish fighters. “While this makes sense tactically, it doesn’t make sense strategically. Those are Arab lands, and the Arabs are not going to put up with Syrian Kurds retaking Arab lands. Whenever you select a military option, you have got to determine what political end state will this support. Regrettably this option puts us back to the drawing board.”
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has expressed marked ambivalence over the U.S. arming and training to Syrian Kurds — whom he believes allied with Turkey’s Kurdish separatist rebels — as those assets could hastily be turned against the Turkish government. And that perception is high-risk for the U.S. military, which requires access to Turkey’s Incirlik air base to fly sorties against the Islamic State in Syria and elsewhere in the region.
Keane feels the U.S. would be better served accepting the assistance of Sunni Arab coalition forces in fighting the Islamic State. But that could further exacerbate tensions with Shi’a fighters, as well as with the Assad regime.
Although two unnamed and unverifiable sources told Lake the 50,000 troops figure is being debated behind closed doors, an explosive report circulated widely online, which cited that figure as 150,000 troops, is wildly exaggerated and not at all legitimate.
Every possible solution to the issue of Syria — where the U.S. seeks to depose Assad, while combating the insidious Islamic State — is now being deliberated.
With Trump’s schizophrenic amplifications of tension peppered with an almost dismissive tone on the threat presented by Assad remaining in power, whether or not McMaster’s desired 50,000 U.S. military personnel will actually be deployed to war-ravaged Syria remains an open — and crucial — question.



ARTICLE
At least 12 former teachers at an elite boarding school in the U.S. were found guilty of decades of child rape, according to an investigation. 
An internal investigation into allegations of child abuse at the Choate Rosemary Hall boarding school found that staff members engaged in “substantiated instances of sexual misconduct” with students dating as far back as the 1960’s.
Usatoday.com reports:
“The detailed content of this report is devastating to read,” the board of trustees at the blueblood Connecticut boarding school said in a letter to its community Thursday. “One can only have the greatest sympathy and deepest concern for the survivors. The conduct of these adults violated the foundation of our community: the sacred trust between students and the adults charged with their care.”
The board ordered the investigation following allegations of abuse in the 1980s and, more recently, an article by the The Boston Globe last year describing a number of alleged incidents. It follows a series of accusations in recent years of alleged sexual abuse at such prestigious private academies as St. George’s School in Rhode Island, and Horace Mann and Poly Prep in New York City.
Choate, located in Wallingford, Conn., includes President John F. Kennedy and his brother Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. among its alumni.
The 48-page report, released by the Choate board of trustees, found that none of the teachers’ actions, including “intimate kissing” and “intimate touching,” was reported to the police. In some cases, teachers confronted with evidence of their behavior were allowed to resign and, in some instances, received letters of recommendations from administrators.
In a cover letter accompanying the report, the board offered its “deepest apologies” and said it set up a fund to provide therapy for the victims, particularly those who might experience “additional stress and anxiety” as a result of the release of the report.
The investigation, which involved examining letters and school records and first-hand accounts of victims, dates back to the 1960s through the tenure of four headmasters.
“Certain Choate graduates described themselves as having been flattered, at the time, by attention the received from faculty or staff, but told us they later recognized that the conduct had been abusive,” the report said. “Other graduates told us of contact that they recognized as abusive at the time, including forced or coerced intercourse, as well as other incidents of unwanted contact that led students to feel betrayed by faculty or staff they had trusted and admired.”
The report singles out 12 teachers by name in laying out the allegations. Five of them have died. The New York Times, which covered the report extensively on its front page Friday, said it tried to contact the remaining seven Thursday evening, but none responded. Some of the seven addressed the allegations to investigators.
In one case, a Spanish teacher was terminated after he was accused of molesting a 15-year-old female student and raping a 17-year-old girl in a swimming pool during a school trip to Costa Rica in 1999. According to contemporaneous accounts, one of the students said she and the teacher were in the pool, when he “told her he and his wife were separated (and said,) ‘I have these problems. I am a man.’” He then, according to the students, began touching her intimately, removed his own shorts and forcibly engaged in sex, with other students nearby.
Investigators said the teacher, questioned by them last month, “acknowledged drinking with the students at the swimming pool that evening, but he denied engaging in any sexual misconduct.”
The report noted the administration’s response to report of incidents at the time varied widely. “When a faculty member was a long-term and admired teacher, action sometimes came more slowly,” the report found. “On at least one occasion, a faculty member remained until his voluntary retirement, some 10 years after a student reported an incident of sexual misconduct.”
The report delved into school files and found cases where reports by students of sexual molestation were apparently ignored outright by the administration.
One case involved a popular teacher, now deceased, who taught Latin, Greek and English and was a housemaster at Choate for 33 years. Three former students reported incidents of sexual molestation, the investigation found, including one member of the class of 1963 who wrote to the school administrators in 1987.
He was particularly upset because the school received accolades and a memorial upon the teacher’s death. “To many he was larger than life, a hero. I know now he was a dangerous man,” wrote the former the student, not identified by name but described as major donor.
“The activity that disturbs me much more, though, was his fondness for giving little boys backrubs in his bedroom, complete with sweet smelling lotions,” he wrote. “I know because I was there.”
Among the other cases:
• A teacher was allowed to finish the school year, including the winter and spring terms, even though a student and his parents reported the teacher made inappropriate advances toward him that had been rejected.
• A female student reported that one professor, who was the husband of a faculty member and served as an adviser to students, repeatedly kissed female students without their permission and asked one 15-year-old girl to go away with him for a weekend to have sex.
•  A male English teacher who taught and coached at the school in the 1980s regularly hosted gatherings at his apartment where he served tea spiked with rum. A 16-year-old girl told investigators that the teacher would take her off campus repeatedly for dinner and drinks and engaged in sex with her on students trips. She alleged the relationship continued when she was at college when he became “increasingly threatening, and eventually physically abuse, including stalking her at her college dorm.” Investigators said the man refused, through his lawyer, to talk to them.



ARTICLE
Two Georgia police officers have been fired after video footage emerged showed one of them casually stomping on a black man’s face while handcuffed.
Who the F**k are these people?
In another video one of the cops is seen assaulting the same guy on another occasion…This time in the form of a punch to the face, in a featherweight Vs heavyweight no-contest.
Whatever happened to civility and “Thank you for your cooperation” and “Have a nice day” Sh%$?
What bully bull bull^%$.
Have a nice Day….Or, maybe not.
Kiss my ….
Sputnik reports:
Their actions were captured in a deeply disturbing witness video that was published to Facebook on Wednesday by the Black Lives Matter of Greater Atlanta group.

The shocking footage shows a man, later identified as Demetrius Bryan Hollins, 21, being yanked from a vehicle and shoved into the middle of the road, flat on his stomach. After the officer appears to handcuff him and step away, another officer comes running up to the scene. That officer immediately stomps on the man’s face.
“We are DEMANDING that Gwinnett County Police Department immediately terminate this officer who viciously kicked a HANDCUFFED BLACK MAN lying on the ground in the middle of the street (off Sugarloaf Parkway) without cause and without merit. After brutally kicking him in the face, blood splattered everywhere,” the page wrote in their post.
The group added that are seeking to have charges filed against the officer “expeditiously.”
“We can almost betcha the Chief of Police will say, ‘I’m sorry but we can’t speak on personnel matters or we are conducting a full investigation’ and after the investigation they will say… ‘We have determined to INVESTIGATE OURSELVES and found no wrong doings,’” BLM of Greater Atlanta wrote.
However, on Thursday, the Gwinnett County Police Department announced that Master Police Officer Robert McDonald was fired for assaulting the victim after being called by his supervisor, Police Sgt. Michael Bongiovanni, the first officer seen in the video.
Hours later, the department announced that Bongiovanni had also been fired, after a second video surfaced of him punching Hollins in the face while the man had his hands up.

“We acknowledge that the actions of these two officers have implications that will be felt for some time,” the Police Department said in a statement. “However, we also believe that our decisive action in terminating both officers speaks volumes about what is expected of each officer that wears a Gwinnett County police badge.”
Additionally, the department has launched criminal investigations into the incident, and the findings will be turned over to the county district attorney, who will decide on whether to file charges against one or both of the officers.



ARTICLE
As Donald Trump unleashed the “Mother Of All Bombs”on  Afghanistan on Thursday, the US National Nuclear Security Administration announced the successful field test of the modernized gravity nuclear bomb.
The agency announced that the NNSA and the US Air Force completed the first qualification flight test of the B61-12 gravity nuclear bomb on March 14th at the Tonopah Test Range in Nevada.
The event was the first in a series that will be conducted over the next three years to qualify the B61-12 for service. The final design review is due in September 2018 and the first production unit scheduled for completion by March 2020.
Three successful development flight tests were conducted in 2015.
RT reports:
The test was intended to evaluate the weapon’s “non-nuclear functions” and the capability of the F-16 fighter to successfully deploy the bomb. An F-16 fighter from Nellis Air Force Base dropped the “non-nuclear test assembly,” the NNSA said in a statement.
“The successful test provides critical qualification data to validate that the baseline design meets military requirements,” said Brigadier General Michael Lutton, NNSA’s principal assistant deputy administrator for military application. The NNSA is part of the Department of Energy, which is charged with managing US nuclear weapons.

The B61-12 is a modernized version of the B61 gravity bomb, the mainstay of the Air Force’s nuclear arsenal and one of the legs of the so-called nuclear triad, along with the intercontinental ballistic missiles deployed from either ground-based silos or oceangoing submarines.
President Donald Trump has endorsed an ambitious – and expensive – plan to modernize the US nuclear triad, begun under his predecessor. The B61-12 is intended to consolidate and replace all the B61 variants currently in service.
Three successful development flight tests of the B61-12 were conducted in 2015. The March test was the first in a series scheduled to span the next three years, with the final design review due in September 2018 and the first production unit scheduled for completion by March 2020.



ARTICLE
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach has successfully obtained his first conviction of a person who committed voter fraud on behalf of Hillary Clinton.
Kobach, who previously advised President Trump on the widespread voter fraud problem during 2016 race, says that Victor David Garcia Bebek has pleaded guilty for voting for Clinton despite not being a U.S. citizen.
Kansascity.com reports:
“No matter how many cases we prosecute the political left will always whine that there’s not enough cases to justify protecting our elections in this way,” Kobach said in a phone interview. “That’s absurd.”
The conviction of Bebek was the eighth for Kobach since he gained the authority to prosecute voter fraud in 2015, his office said.
As of this March, 1,788,673 people were registered to vote in Kansas.
Kobach said the others were convictions of people who “double-voted” or were citizens who voted in Kansas and another state.
“This conviction shows how important prosecutorial authority is,” Kobach said.
Last year, Kobach was revealed as a source of Trump’s unsubstantiated claim that millions of people illegally voted in the 2016 presidential election. Kobach has offered no evidence to back up Trump’s claim of such fraud in the 2016 election.
Bebek will be on unsupervised probation for up to three years and pay a fine of $5,000, according to a statement from Kobach’s office.
Kobach found that Bebek illegally voted three times: in a 2012 special election and the 2012 and 2014 general elections. He was a Peruvian national at the time who voted in Sedgwick County, according to Kobach.
Kobach said the way the case was discovered because Bebek became a U.S. citizen earlier this year.
At his naturalization ceremony, he was offered the chance to register to vote in Sedgwick County.
“This gentleman did so, and then when the Sedgwick County election office went back to the office to enter his information, they found that he had been on the voter rolls since 2011,” Kobach said.
Kobach said he did not know whether Bebek had been affiliated with any political party.
Kansas has voter identification laws strongly supported by Kobach that have often been criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union and Democratic lawmakers in the state.
Rep. John Carmichael, a Democrat from Wichita, filed legislation this year to strip the secretary of the power to prosecute voter fraud and election crimes, but the bill has not moved forward in the Kansas Legislature.
“I’m not at all convinced that finding one non-citizen to prosecute after a two-year search justifies giving the secretary of state what is unprecedented authority held by no other secretary of state in the nation,” Carmichael said.
A report from the the Kansas Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights earlier this year found the Kansas law to be the strictest in the nation, and also cited concerns that the voting law championed by Kobach “may have been written and implemented with improper, discriminatory intent.”
Kobach has continued to defend the state’s voting laws, which requires photo identification and forces new Kansas voters to prove they are U.S. citizens if they register using the state’s voting form.



ARTICLE
A Detroit physician has been charged with performing female genital mutilation on two 7-year-old girls.
For the first time in American history the justice department has brought charges against a person using 18 U.S. Code § 116 — the statute that criminalizes female genital mutilation.
The Daily Sheeple reports:

Dr. Jumana Nagarwala of Livonia has been charged with two felonies, including female genital mutilation and transportation with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, which can garner a five- and ten-year sentence respectively.
The investigation found that young girls were brought to meet the doctor off the books for a “special girls’ trip” where part of their clitoral skin was removed.
The Detroit News relayed the horrifying details of the FBI’s investigation:
The other girl told agents that, “She said that she ‘got a shot,’ and that it hurt really badly and she screamed. Her parents told her that the procedure is a secret and that she is not supposed to talk about it. (The girl) said that after the procedure, she could barely walk, and that she felt pain all the way down to her ankle.”
Both girls identified Dr. Nagarwala as the person who did this to them. The second girl’s parents confirmed with agents that they took their daughter to Detroit to see Dr. Nagarwala “for a ‘cleansing’ of extra skin”.
Here’s a question: why aren’t these parents being charged with child abuse???



ARTICLE
WikiLeaks twitter account posted an unclassified email to Hillary Clinton from her foreign policy advisor, Jake Sullivan, dated February 2012 saying, ‘”AQ is on our side in Syria.“

The other part of the email published by WikiLeaks reads:
UNCLASSIFIED U.S. Department of State Case No. F-2014-20439 Doc No. C05789138 Date: 10/30/2015 AL-ZAWAHIRI URGES MUSLIM SUPPORT FOR OPPOSITION (U) Al-Qaida leader al-Zawahiri called on Muslims in Turkey and the Middle East to aid rebel forces in their fight against supporters of Syrian President Asad in an interne video recording. Al-Zawahiri also urged the Syrian people not to rely on the AL, Turkey, or the United States for assistance.euters)
Read the full chain of unclassified emails in that document published by Wikileaks here.

The news follows revelations by WikiLeaks last year that Hillary Clinton admitted in private emails that Qatar and Saudi Arabia – two of her mega-donors – provide financial and logistical support to ISIS.
In the extraordinary email, sent to John Podesta in 2014, Clinton mentioned that Saudi Arabia and Qatar are both giving financial and logistical support to the Islamic State and other extremist Sunni groups.

She conveniently fails to mention that these two terror-funding states are both mega-donors to the Clinton Foundation. Qatar has given between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and Saudi Arabia has donated upwards of $25 million dollars to the Foundation.
Nowhere in the email – sent, of course, through the notorious unsecured server – does Clinton address the staggering hypocrisy of continuing to provide Saudi Arabia with multiple billions in weapons, arms, aircraft, and other support in full knowledge of its active support for terrorists.
Hillary Clinton has known since at least 2014 that the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar provide “clandestine financial and logistic support” to ISIS and other radical Islamic groups – but, rather than refuse their money and call for a halt of arms sales and support, she has campaigned for more money and tried to increase their supply of arms.



ARTICLE
The US has used the largest non-nuclear bomb for the first time in Afghanistan.
The Pentagon confirmed that the US air force had used its GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB), nicknamed “the mother of all bombs,” for the first time in combat.
The 21,000- bomb was reportedly used to target ISIS tunnels and personnel in the Achin district of the Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan.
CENTCOM said that the air force “took every precaution to avoid civilian casualties”.
There are 95,000 human beings living in that region and the biggest non nuclear bomb has a blast radius of a mile in every direction, yet the media is reporting it only hit “ISIS”
RT reports:
The Pentagon has confirmed the use of the MOAB, and is currently assessing damage. General John Nicholson, commander of US forces in Afghanistan, signed off on its use, CNN reported. Authority was also sought from General Joseph Votel, commander of US Central Command (CENTCOM).
The Air Force developed the MOAB in 2003, but it had never been used in combat until 7pm local time on Thursday. The Pentagon produced 15 MOABs at a cost of $16 million per unit, according to military information website Deagel.
The use of the bomb comes as the US involvement in Afghanistan heads into its 16th year in the fall, and days after Staff Sergeant Mark De Alencar, a US Special Forces operator, was killed in the same region.
“The soldier was mortally wounded late Saturday during an operation in Nangarhar Province,” US Navy Captain Bill Salvin tweeted.
The MOAB was designed to target large below-ground areas. It would have “feel like a nuclear weapon to anyone near the area,” Lieutenant Colonel Rick Francona (ret.) told CNN.
The GPS-guided munition would have already been in country before it was dropped out of an MC-130 aircraft, operated by Air Force Special Operations Command, military sources told CNN’s Barbara Starr.

The strike was designed to minimize the risk to Afghan and U.S. Forces conducting clearing operations in the area while maximizing the destruction of ISIS-K fighters and facilities,” CENTCOM said in a statement, referring to Islamic State Khorasan, the branch of Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Uzbekistan.
Nicholson described the MOAB as “the right munition to reduce” the improvised explosive devices (IEDs), bunkers and tunnels IS is using to “thicken their defense.” The bomb will also “maintain the momentum of our offensive against ISIS-K,” he said.
The Air Force “took every precaution to avoid civilian casualties,” CENTCOM said.
President Donald Trump told reporters that he’s given the military “total authorization,” and “that’s why they’ve been so successful lately.”
When asked if the use of the MOAB in Afghanistan might send a message to North Korea amid increased tensions with the isolated country, Trump replied: “I don’t know if it sends a message, I don’t care if it does or not.”
A peace conference on Afghanistan is scheduled to begin on Friday in Moscow, involving the Afghan government and representatives of twelve other nations. The US was invited to the conference, but reportedly declined to participate.



ARTICLE
Donald Trump has told how he and the Chinese President President Xi were enjoying their dessert in Florida when he authorised a missile strike on “Iraq”.

The US president was bragging about the US missile strike on a Syrian military base to President Xi while they were eating “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake”…..but then forgot which country he had actually attacked.

I suppose it’s an easy mistake to make, particularly if you’re the President of the United States…

RT reports:
Trump was speaking with Fox Business about the bizarre exchange with Chinese leader during a summit at his Mar-a-Lago estate.
“We had finished dinner, we’re now having dessert,” Trump began. “And we had the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you’ve ever seen and President Xi was enjoying it.”
“We’ve just fired 59 missiles, all of which hit by the way, unbelievable, from hundreds of miles away, it’s brilliant, it’s genius, what we have in terms of technology no-one can come close to competing,” he continued.
“So I said, we’ve just launched 59 missiles, heading to Iraq,” said the President, seemingly oblivious to his mistake.
“Heading to Syria,” host Maria Bartiromo interjected. “Yes,” Trump replied, “heading toward Syria.”
Naturally, Twitter was set alight by the gaffe.
 




ARTICLE
House Republicans are filing criminal charges against former IRS director Lois Lerner for using her position within the department to punish conservative groups and give liberal groups a free ride.
Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL) appeared on Fox Business on Thursday morning to discuss recent developments on Capitol Hill, and announced the new criminal charges against the former IRS director.
“The Obama administration was very dismissive about the crimes that we believe Lois Lerner committed,” Roskam said.
“Those are strong words that I am using, but the House Ways And Means Committee voted out a criminal referral to the Department of Justice which was completely dismissed by the Department of Justice. President Obama was on television at one point, in the midst of the investigation, and he said ‘there’s not a smidgeon of wrongdoing here.’”
“We think Lois Lerner did particularly two things wrong. Number one, she denied people due process and equal protection of the law based on their political philosophy. We are convinced there is overwhelming evidence to suggest that that is true, and that’s a felony.
 “Number two, we believe she lied to the Inspector General of the Treasury Department while they were investigating that very thing.”

 “What we want is a new Justice Department to take a fresh look at this while we are well within the statute of limitations and if the can, to move forward with the prosecution.”
For years Lerner operated within the IRS under the protection of President Obama and Loretta Lynch’s Department of Justice. Obama openly attacked anyone who dared criticize her, and the DOJ dismissed criminal charges against the rogue anti-conservative IRS employee.
[Former Clinton Employee Arrested On Charges of Treason]
Those days are over. House GOP lawmakers have compiled a damning case and have presented it to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and unlike Loretta Lynch, who stonewalled the prosecution, Sessions is said to be excited about pushing the “very strong” case forward.



ARTICLE
The DEA is not resolving the drug problem in America. 
The agency is playing both sides of the fence in the drug trafficking world and has morphed into a drug overlord.
It is not just involved in controlling the supply side of drugs but also the demand side of the equation, giving it powers that South American drug lords can only dream about.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has not denied letting drugs into communities and selling them to citizens.
Meanwhile people on their way to commemorate Bob Marley are being unjustly fleeced on highways for funding.
The DEA, tasked with enforcing federal government’s prohibition on drugs, is actually trafficking large quantities of drugs for the ostensible purpose of catching bigger drug dealers, or just to steal cash from people.
The Free Thought Project:
When Richard Nixon decided to bring the War on Drugs into full force, he signed Reorganization Plan No. 2, in 1973, which established the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). For decades, the DEA has carried out a war on people as it enforces the senseless, unjust prohibition of arbitrary substances.
Government ruins countless lives – locking people in cages for years or life, tearing apart families – for victimless “crimes” such as possessing cannabis or other “illicit” drugs. In a glaring example of hypocirsy, however, the DEA is teaching Americans a telling lesson —you’re not supposed to sell or possess substances that are deemed illegal by the State, unless you work for the State.
In a recent House Judiciary Committee Hearing, the DEA’s acting director, Chuck Rosenberg, was caught off-guard by a question and tacitly admitted that his agency sells drugs and lets drugs flow into communities. The ostensible purpose is to catch bigger drug dealers, but Rosenberg could not even summon the typical bureaucratic doublespeak to address the issue.
Louisiana Rep. Cedric L. Richmond was questioning Rosenberg at the hearing.
Rosenberg’s first answer was actually, “We’re not supposed to – no, sir.” However, this does not change the reality of the situation that DEA lets drugs flow into communities and actually sells drugs. Rosenberg didn’t deny it, because denying it would amount to lying.
As the Washington Post notes, DEA’s drug trafficking occurs through undercover agents and the use of confidential informants.
DEA catches small-time drug users or sellers and threatens jail and other punishments, unless the subject agrees to work for the government as a confidential informant. The DEA then has the frightened subjects engage in “otherwise illegal activity,” having them pose as buyers or sellers of drugs.
DEA is “trafficking in what would be considered as large quantities of controlled substances,” as a 2015 Dept. of Justice Inspector General report noted. That report also stated: “These inadequate DEA policies and procedures related to OIA greatly increase the risk to the DEA, the U.S. government, and the public from the involvement of DEA confidential sources in OIA.”
Indeed, the threat to the public is well documented, as some of those coerced into becoming informants end up murdered. In one heartbreaking case, Rachel Hoffman – a young college graduate whose “crime” was smoking pot – was shot and killed after cops coerced her into going undercover for a large drug deal.
No one really knows the scale of DEA drug trafficking, as the agency does not release this information, but outside experts say the DEA sells drugs on a routine basis.
Even more infuriating is the fact that DEA and law enforcement let drugs flow into communities for the sole purpose of seizing cash and assets under the insidious practice of civil asset forfeiture, or policing for profit. As we reported on March 30, the DEA has stolen $3.2 billion over the past decade – from people never charged with a crime. Drug task forces work the highways where they know cash travels, instead of the actual drug routes.
“We are deliberately letting the drugs get to their final destination, get sold, get used, and in some cases letting someone die of an overdose,” said Brady Henderson of the ACLU.
So let’s get this straight. The DEA, tasked with enforcing federal government’s prohibition on drugs, is actually trafficking large quantities of drugs for the ostensible purpose of catching bigger drug dealers, or just to steal cash from people. After decades of the miserable drug war, drugs and drug use are still as prevalent as ever, so the war on drugs clearly is not working.
But the DEA still funnels large quantities of drugs into communities, even though their success rate at combating drug use is ZERO as drug overdoses are at an all time high. What, then, could possibly be the rationale for continuing?
The thrill of exerting power over the populace is one answer. Continuing the oppression of minorities and dissenters is another. The billions of dollars stolen from innocent people is surely an incentive to continue. Protecting the profits of Big Pharma is another answer to this puzzling irrationality.
The DEA was recently caught deliberately slowing its investigations into the makers of prescription opioid manufacturers, which constitute the biggest and most deadly drug dealers in the nation. The DEA’s first case against an opioid maker faltered, resulting in a laughable $35 million fine against the company.
Exhibit A of DEA’s astounding level of ignorance and injustice is their maintaining of cannabis as a Schedule 1 drug with “no accepted medical use.” Even as most U.S. states have recognized the amazing power of cannabis to heal a variety of ailments, DEA somehow remains in a state of total denial.
The War on Drugs is a war on people. The DEA not only ruins lives by enforcing unjust prohibition, but it’s also neck deep in the black market.
Justin Gardner / The Free Thought Project



ARTICLE
President Trump’s administration have urged Hungary not to shut down George Soros’s Central European University (CEU), describing it as a “premier academic institution” in a forceful letter to the Hungarian government. 
As the BBC reported earlier this week, the George Soros founded and funded university in Hungary is being threatened with closure by new legislation from the Hungarian government.
Students and staff at the university are protesting, but the majority of the country backs the government plans to cleanse the nation of George Soros’s influence.
The people of Hungary have risen up against George Soros and elected a government that shares their values. A core value the majority of Hungarians hold close to their heart is the idea that George Soros’s globalist vision is evil and must be eradicated from their country.
So why is Trump’s administration actively campaigning to stop Hungary’s government closing George Soros’s liberal university?
Describing George Soros’s university as a “premier academic institution accredited in the United States and Hungary, with staff and students from over 100 countries” the letter goes on to “urge the Government of Hungary to avoid taking any legislative action that would compromise CEU’s operations or independence.“
This is the full letter issued to the Hungarian government from the U.S. State Department:
Press Statement
Mark C. Toner
Acting Spokesperson
Washington, DC
March 31, 2017
The United States is concerned about legislation proposed by the Government of Hungary on March 28th that imposes new, targeted, and onerous regulatory requirements on foreign universities. If adopted, these changes would negatively affect or even lead to the closure of Central European University (CEU) in Budapest.
CEU is a premier academic institution accredited in the United States and Hungary, with staff and students from over 100 countries. It has strengthened Hungary’s influence and leadership in the region through its academic excellence and many contributions to independent, critical thinking.
We urge the Government of Hungary to avoid taking any legislative action that would compromise CEU’s operations or independence.
Could Trump’s sudden turnaround on George Soros have anything to do with the fact that Jared Kushner, Trump’s son-in-law and senior advisor, has been exposed having a highly lucrative financing arrangement with the globalist billionaire?
Soros Fund Management is funding Jared Kushner’s real estate finance startup Cadre to the tune of $250 million, according to sources close to Kushner.
A source familiar with the financing arrangement told New York real estate website The Real Deal that “Soros has had a long and productive relationship with the Kushner family.”
Business Insider first reported the existence of the $250 million credit line from George Soros to Jared Kushner in June, but didn’t mention its source.
The explosive news comes as Kushner has allegedly seized control of Trump’s White House, alienating Steve Bannon and dismissing Trump’s America First policy. With Kushner in control the administration is being pushed in a direction more in line with George Soros’ globalist vision.



ARTICLE
Senator John McCain made a secret trip to a Kurdish-held region in northern Syria just weeks before the false flag chemical weapons attack last Tuesday. 
McCain has a habit of showing up in places just before a major incident occurs.
Four years ago, McCain had made yet another secret Syria visit on May 27, 2013 – which was shortly followed by the Ghouta false flag attack on 21 August 2013.
Theduran.com reports:
McCain spokeswoman, Julie Tarallo, confirmed that McCain made this secret trip, calling it a “valuable opportunity to assess dynamic conditions on the ground in Syria and Iraq.”

The Wall Street Journal said the trip was organized with help of the US military, and it was the first time a US lawmaker had traveled to the region since American special operations forces began fighting alongside local forces.
McCain also met with Turkish President Erdogan to discuss the situation in Syria and current US-Turkey relations.
McCain said in a statement…
“The change of administration in the United States presents an important opportunity to review and reassess current policy in Syria.”
On April 4th, 2017 a suspicious chemical attack in an Idlib province prompted US President Trump to launch missiles at Syria. McCain applauded the action and urged for more.
McCain has an uncanny talent to show up in places rife with geo-political tension, and upon McCain’s departure conflict cranks up to deadly levels. Coincidence?
McCain was in Syria coordinating with ISIS leader al-Baghdadi in 2013. Where in Syria was McCain? He was in Idlib, Syria.
McCain’s first “secret” Syria visit took place on May 27, 2013. The Ghouta, Syria chemical attack occurred on 21 August 2013.
According to AP, McCain crossed the border near Kilis, Turkey, and spent two hours meeting with ‘rebel leaders’ near Idlib, Syria. The article further states that McCain made the trip in order to demand “aggressive military action in the 2-year-old Syrian civil war, calling for the establishment of a no-fly zone and arming the rebels”.
Presidential Spokesman Jay Carney said “the White House was aware in advance of McCain’s plans to travel to Syria. Carney declined to say whether McCain was carrying any message from the administration, but he said White House officials looked forward to hearing about his trip”.
Here is an ABC News report on the “secret” visit to Idlib, which speaks volumes:

McCain’s two-hour visit to Idlib, Syria garnered a lot of attention because the “rebel” leaders seen in the photos that McCain posted to his Twitter account look very much like the leaders of ISIS…Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and Muahmmad Noor.

John McCain was also in Libya right before it was bombed to oblivion by the Obama Administration and NATO forces.
McCain was in Ukraine during the Maidan, instigating the overthrow of a legitimately elected and established government in collusion with neo-nazi forces.

I am no betting man, but I have sneaky suspicion that the chemical weapons false flag and McCain’s “secret” Syria trip this February have some sort of connection.
McCain made a secret trip in 2013 to Idlib, Syria…months later the Ghouta chemical weapons false flag.
McCain made a secret trip to Syria in February 2017…chemical weapons attack in Idlib a month later.
Coincidence?



ARTICLE
A man charged with raping and killing a young girl and her grandparents jumped to his death at a courthouse on Monday, escaping a trial that would have likely ended in his conviction.
48-year-old Robert Seman Jr. was being led by deputies from Mahoning County Courthouse in Youngstown, Ohio to a holding cell when he killed himself.
Q13fox.com reports:
“According to a couple of the attorneys and basically everybody there, it seemed like he was in pretty good spirits,” Greene said. “He was talking about the future of his trial, and he just decided to jump.”
Seman could have faced the death penalty if convicted in the deaths of 10-year-old Corrine Gump, 63-year-old William Schmidt and 61-year-old Judith Schmidt.
The March 2015 fire at the family’s home occurred the day Seman’s trial in Corrine’s rape was scheduled to begin in Youngstown. Investigators concluded that the fire was fueled by gasoline. Burns were found on Seman’s body after his arrest, prosecutors said.
Seman’s aggravated murder trial was scheduled to begin Tuesday 35 miles (56 kilometers) away from Youngstown in Portage County. Seman’s attorneys successfully argued that he could not get a fair trial in Youngstown because of pretrial publicity. A Mahoning County judge declared a mistrial last September because a potential juror had prematurely concluded that Seman was guilty and discussed details about the case with fellow jurors.
Assistant Mahoning County Prosecutor Dawn Cantalamessa told news outlets Monday that Seman “knew” the evidence was against him.
“Every witness we talked to in preparation for the case, they didn’t know why he wasn’t pleading guilty or asking for some sort of plea,” Cantalamessa said.
Seman’s attorneys didn’t return telephone messages seeking comment Monday.




ARTICLE
President Donald Trump says he believes Hillary Clinton was “guilty of every charge” relating to the mishandling of classified information, and says that FBI director James Comey “got her out of jail” in an explosive interview with Fox News on Wednesday.
Trump told Fox Business’ Maria Bartiromo that Hillary should really be in jail for the obvious crimes Comey read out during a 2016 press conference.  
“When he was reading those charges, she was guilty of every charge, and then he said she was essentially OK.”
Newsmax.com reports:
The question came up after Trump discussed the obstructions he’s facing filling the hundreds of federal jobs in his administration that remain open, and after Bartiromo asked why Comey, an appointee of former President Barack Obama, was still in place.
Trump said he likes to give all people a fair shot, even though, “Director Comey was very, very good to Hillary Clinton, that I can tell you. If he weren’t, she would be right now going to trial.”
Trump also discussed the ongoing controversy concerning surveillance of Trump Tower, and former National Security Adviser Susan Rice’s role in the matter, saying that “nobody believes” her story that she asked for names to be unmasked from communications for national security reasons and not political purposes.
“Nobody believes that,” said Trump. 
“Even the people that try to protect her in the news media. It is such a big story and I’m sure it will continue forward. What they [the Obama administration] did is horrible.”




ARTICLE
According to MIT professor Theodore Postol, the White House report on the chemical attack in Idlib province “cannot be correct.”
The same professor who challenged claims of a chemical attack in Syria back in 2013 is now questioning the White House narrative which blames the Assad government for the alleged chemical attack attack last week in the town of Khan Shaykhun.
The White House released a declassified intelligence brief on Tuesday that accuses Syrian President Bashar Assad of ordering and organizing the attack, where Syrian planes allegedly dropped chemical ordnance on civilians in the rebel-held town.
RT reports:
The report “contains absolutely no evidence that this attack was the result of a munition being dropped from an aircraft,” wrote Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Professor Theodore Postol, who reviewed it and put together a 14-page assessment, which he provided to RT on Wednesday.
“I believe it can be shown, without doubt, that the document does not provide any evidence whatsoever that the US government has concrete knowledge that the government of Syria was the source of the chemical attack in Khan Shaykhun,” wrote Postol.
A chemical attack with a nerve agent did occur, he said, but the available evidence does not support the US government’s conclusions.
“I have only had a few hours to quickly review the alleged White House intelligence report. But a quick perusal shows without a lot of analysis that this report cannot be correct,” Postol wrote.
It is “very clear who planned this attack, who authorized this attack and who conducted this attack itself,” Defense Secretary James Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon on Tuesday.
Earlier in the day, White House spokesman Sean Spicer also said that doubting the evidence would be “doubting the entire international reporting crew documenting this.”
The report offered by the White House, however, cited “a wide body of open-source material” and “social media accounts” from the rebel-held area, including footage provided by the White Helmets rescue group documented to have ties with jihadist rebels, Western and Gulf Arab governments.
Postol was not convinced by such evidence.
“Any competent analyst would have had questions about whether the debris in the crater was staged or real,” he wrote. “No competent analyst would miss the fact that the alleged sarin canister was forcefully crushed from above, rather than exploded by a munition within it.”
Instead, “the most plausible conclusion is that the sarin was dispensed by an improvised dispersal device made from a 122mm section of rocket tube filled with sarin and capped on both sides.”
“We again have a situation where the White House has issued an obviously false, misleading and amateurish intelligence report,” he concluded, recalling the 2013 situation when the Obama administration claimed Assad had used chemical weapons against the rebels in Ghouta, near Damascus.
“What the country is now being told by the White House cannot be true,” Postol wrote, “and the fact that this information has been provided in this format raises the most serious questions about the handling of our national security.”
On Tuesday, Russian General Staff spokesman Colonel-General Sergey Rudskoy questioned the “authenticity” of media reports concerning the attack. He said that using social media to reconstruct the course of events raised “serious doubts” not only among the Russian military but also “among many respected experts and organizations.”
Rudskoy noted that, under the 2013 agreement to give up its chemical weapons, the Syrian government destroyed its stockpiles at 10 sites that were under its control. This was verified by the Organization for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW). However, the remaining two facilities were in territory controlled by the rebels, he said, and it remains unclear what happened to the chemicals stored there.



ARTICLE
Candace Marie Claiborne has become the first Clinton-era State Department employee indicted on treason charges, after a federal grand jury indicted her for conspiring to defraud the U.S. government, concealing contact with foreign spies, obstructing an official proceeding, and making false statements to the FBI.
Claiborne, a veteran State Department employee who possessed a Top Secret security clearance, concealed her extensive contacts with Chinese intelligence agents, who for years lavished her with thousands of dollars in gifts as part of a pay-for-play scheme, according to a Department of Justice press release.
In addition to cash payments, Chinese spies provided Claiborne with vacations, an apartment, Apple electronics, and tuition to a Chinese fashion school, according to the indictment. Suggesting she learned tricks from Hillary Clinton, her former boss, Claiborne allegedly told co-conspirators to delete all emails and evidence after getting caught.
The bill of charges contains numerous felonies and Claiborne, 60, is facing spending the rest of her life behind bars, as prosecutors warn she is “the first of many” corrupt Clinton-era State Department employees that will be bought to justice by a reinvigorated DOJ.

“Candace Marie Claiborne is a U.S. State Department employee who possesses a Top Secret security clearance and allegedly failed to report her contacts with Chinese foreign intelligence agents who provided her with thousands of dollars of gifts and benefits,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General McCord.
“Claiborne used her position and her access to sensitive diplomatic data for personal profit. Pursuing those who imperil our national security for personal gain will remain a key priority of the National Security Division.”
He added: “This case demonstrates that U.S. government employees will be held accountable for failing to honor the trust placed in them when they take on such sensitive assignments.”
“Candace Claiborne is accused of violating her oath of office as a State Department employee, who was entrusted with Top Secret information when she purposefully mislead federal investigators about her significant and repeated interactions with foreign contacts,” said Assistant Director in Charge Vale.
“The FBI will continue to investigate individuals who, though required by law, fail to report foreign contacts, which is a key indicator of potential insider threats posed by those in positions of public trust.”
The grand jury found Claiborne’s Washington, D.C. home and her savings account are subject to forfeiture, if she’s convicted.
She wrote in a journal that she could “generate 20k in 1 year” through one of her Chinese agents, according to an affidavit. She was allegedly wired nearly $2,500 shortly after and was asked to provide the U.S. government’s analyses of its 2011 economic talks with China.
According to the Department of Justice’s press release, Claiborne is facing decades behind bars for her crimes:
“The maximum penalty for a person convicted of obstructing an official proceeding is 20 years in prison. The maximum penalty for making false statements to the FBI is five years in prison. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes. If convicted of any offense, the sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the court based on the advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.”



ARTICLE
Ex CIA agent Robert D. Steele claims that Mossad and Saudi Arabia, in collusion with treasonous U.S. officials, are behind the false flag chemical attack in Syria.
Steele, a 20-year Marine Corps intelligence officer, and the second-highest-ranking civilian in the U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence, also explained that Sen. John McCain and former CIA Director John Brennan are responsible for planning the false flag from within the United States.
In a video interview posted online Tuesday, Steele provided updated information he has received from intelligence colleagues regarding the Syrian attack:
“The big news tonight is that John McCain, John Brennon, McMaster in the White House, the Saudis and the Israelis, have all betrayed the American public. Of course we have to ask ourselves is Donald Trump now playing Israel first instead of America first.
“McCain’s trip in February is apparently what set the stage for this. And I have to tell you, McCain’s not very good at keeping secrets. This has been double checked, and we are quite sure McCain is in a state of treason against the United States government and the American people.”

Steele also explained that Sen. John McCain and former CIA Director John Brennan are responsible for planning the false flag from the United States.
“I have heard from an inside source that I absolutely trust that the false flag attack was planned by Sen John McCain, former CIA director John Brennan and the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Herbert McMaster, who is in a state of treason to the United States president. 
“Now to his enormous credit, CIA Director Mike Pompeio, identified this correctly as a false flag. But as best I know the FBI has not informed the president that this false flag in fact was an act of treason planned in the United States and funded by Saudi Arabia and Israel. They split the cost.
Bay of Pigs moment
“Donald Trump got chumped. This is his Bay of Pigs moment. But to CIA Director Mike Pompeio’s credit, all my intelligence colleagues are saying that the CIA Director got it right, told Trump that this was a false flag perhaps by CIA rogue elements, perhaps by French intelligence, mostly likely by Mossad and the Saudis. 
“And Trump very, very foolishly then shut Mike Pompeio out of the decision meeting. The bottom line here is that Trump is being lied to, he’s being manipulated. Jared Kushner may be a Mossad agent of influence. 
“I think Trump is very smart. He’s book smart and he’s street smart. I want him to succeed. But right now, this is really bad.
“The CIA did not give him that intel. It most likely came from Jared Kushner coming back from his recent visit to the Middle East. It probably came from “defence intelligence”, which is corrupt to the bone. And I suspect, based on some recent conversations I’ve had with some extraordinarily gifted people in the United Kingdom, I suspect Israel is telling everybody that they have detected this massive chemical threat, that missiles will be fired at Israel with chemicals, this is the end of the world, and this is in fact Assad doing a trial run before he attacks Israel.
 “So wherever Trump is getting this intelligence, this intelligence is a lie.”

Steele also gave his opinion on members of Trump’s administration:
“Sean Spicer is a living, walking Freudian slip. I don’t pay much attention to him.”
“The other thing that has come out is that Jared Kushner is possibly compromised. He may be a Mossad agent of influence”
“Steve Bannon was a shining light in the White House, he opposed the missile strikes.“



ARTICLE
Police in Austin, Texas say they have discovered a prostitution ring at a massage parlor called Jade Massage Therapy. Cops got tipped off about the happy endings services, after a waste pipe became clogged with condoms.
The massage parlor/ brothel is owned by a husband and wife duo- a woman named Juan Wang and her husband, Joseph Emery.
WJLA reports:
Two days before police were called to investigate the massage parlor, Wang was stopped at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport. While passing through security, TSA agents noticed $30,000 in duct-taped bundles in her baggage.
In an arrest affidavit, Wang said she was on her way to China for a medical procedure and the money came from her business, Jade Massage. Wang told the officers she made $20,000 a year, but when officers pointed out she was carrying more than a year’s worth of income, she became nervous and struggled to answer further questions. Wang was allowed to board her plane to China after she gave police a contact number.
During an investigation, officers found numerous online ads for Jade Massage on Backpage.com with ads posted as frequently as 2-3 times a day. The ads contained photos of women along with Juan Wang’s phone number.
When officers were doing surveillance of Jade Massage Therapy on March 7th, they noticed a man walk into the business at 10:12 a.m. He was seen leaving at 11:07 a.m. Police stopped him for an interview and he said he received a regular massage, which ended in a sexual act. He paid $40 extra in cash per pop, according to an arrest affidavit.
On March 22nd, police executed a search warrant on the whorehouse. They found Wang in a massage room with a naked man. A second naked man was found in another room with a female masseuse. Officers also searched the couple’s home, where they found $60,000 in a safe.
When interviewed by police, Wang said she hired the women through a friend. She said the women lived with her and Emery at their home and she paid them in cash or check.
Wang and Emery are charged with engaging in organized criminal activity and money laundering.



ARTICLE
American investigative journalist Seymour Hersh claims that Hillary Clinton secretly sold Sarin nerve gas to Syrian rebels when she was secretary of state. 
According to Hersh, the Obama administration helped approve the transfer of chemical weapons from Libya into the hands of terrorists operating within Syria.
Zero Hedge reports:
“By the terms of the agreement, funding came from Turkey, as well as Saudi Arabia and Qatar; the CIA, with the support of MI6, was responsible for getting arms from Gaddafi’s arsenals into Syria.”
However, now, for the first time, Hersh has implicated Hillary Clinton directly in this ‘rat line’.
In an interview with Alternet.org, Hersh was asked about the then-US-Secretary-of-State’s role in the Benghazi Libya US consulate’s operation to collect weapons from Libyan stockpiles and send them through Turkey into Syria for a set-up sarin-gas attack, to be blamed on Assad in order to ‘justify’ the US invading Syria, as the US had invaded Libya to eliminate Gaddafi.
Hersh said:
“That ambassador who was killed, he was known as a guy, from what I understand, as somebody, who would not get in the way of the CIA.
As I wrote, on the day of the mission he was meeting with the CIA base chief and the shipping company. He was certainly involved, aware and witting of everything that was going on.
And there’s no way somebody in that sensitive of a position is not talking to the boss, by some channel”.



ARTICLE
Democrats are calling for the immediate resignation of Congresswoman Tusli Gabbard, after she posted the truth about what is really going on in Syria.
Tulsi Gabbard claims Trump’s missile strike in Syria was “illegal and unconstitutional” when she appeared on the Tucker Carlson on Fox last week. She said that White House claims about Assad gassing his own people were “lies” and that bombing Syria would strengthen terrorist groups such as Al-Qaeda and ISIS.
Following these claims, Neera Tanden, President of the Center of American Progress and close friend of Hillary campaign chair John Podesta, slammed Gabbard on Twitter, demanding that she resign immediately.

Zerohedge.com reports:
Of course, we’re almost certain that Neera’s comments had nothing to do with the fact that Gabbard was one of the few House democrats to throw her support behind Bernie Sanders in the 2016 presidential election rather than Tanden’s chosen candidate, Hillary.
Nevertheless, here is Gabbard speaking with Wolf Blitzer of CNN who, like many of his colleagues in the MSM, seems to suddenly be very trusting of the Trump administration.

Gabbard, who sits on the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs committees, drew criticism earlier this year when she took a somewhat mysterious trip alone to meet with Assad in Syria without alerting House Speaker Paul Ryan.  The liberal Democrat subsequently explained she simply wanted to engage in dialogue with Assad though it clearly burned some bridges within her own party.
Per CNN:
Gabbard told CNN on Friday that she wants to achieve peace in Syria, “Why should we just blindly follow this escalation of a counterproductive regime-change war?”
“There’s responsibility that goes around,” Gabbard said.”Standing here pointing fingers does not accomplish peace for the Syrian people. It will not bring about an end to this war.”
Meanwhile, former DNC chair Howard Dean also decided to join in on ganging up on Gabbard, but he immediately got shut down by a follower who asked the obvious question of why engaging in dialogue was disqualifying for Gabbard but violating federal record retention laws and a Congressional subpoena was perfectly fine for Hillary.


It’s becoming increasingly clear that Gabbard is just another Putin puppet who likely assisted Russian hackers in their efforts to take down Hillary…we sincerely hope the Congress launches an immediate investigation.



ARTICLE
President Trump has ordered the army to prepare for a missile strike against North Korea, telling military advisors to be ready for “all possible actions.”
U.S. Pacific Command has deployed aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and its strike group, which includes a cruiser and two destroyers, to “report on station in the Western Pacific Ocean,” in readiness for a military conflict with North Korea.
Trump has said that a pre-emptive missile strike is one of many options he is considering against Kim Jong-un.
In a series of tweets on Tuesday, the President said that North Korea was “looking for trouble,” warning that his administration is prepared to act alone if China is unable to restrain North Korea’s missile program.


Mirror.co.uk reports:
One of the problems facing an American-led operation to hit Pyongyang’s leader Kim Jong-Un is the intricate tunnel network under the capital.
War-planners have had difficulty mapping out the subterranean complex and believe there are hundreds of underground artillery and airplane sites.
McMaster described the decision to redeploy the USS Carl Vinson to the Sea of Japan as ‘prudent’ given North Korea’s ‘pattern of provocative behavior.’
Speaking to Fox News, McMaster said: “It’s prudent to do it, isn’t it?
“Presidents before and President Trump agreed that that is unacceptable, that what must happen is the denuclearization of the peninsula.
“The president has asked [us] to be prepared to give us a full range of options to remove that threat.”
The news comes after Trump launched cruise missiles against Assad in Syria last week, the first time the US has directly targeted the regime during the conflict.
North Korea denounced Trump’s attack as an act of ‘intolerable aggression’ and one that justified ‘a million times over’ its push toward a nuclear deterrent.



ARTICLE
With tensions rising between America, North Korea and Russia (via Syria), there are fears that a North Korean or Russian submarine is loitering off the United States’ West Coast, after unusual activity by a gathering of anti-submarine U.S. military crafts off the coast of San Diego, California.
The gathering of several submarine-spotting planes, all in the same spot of the Californian coast has raised speculation that the U.S. Navy has spotted a foreign sub.
SHTFplan.com reports:

Earlier this morning a South Korean newspaper reported that China is massing as many as 150,000 troops on the North Korean border.
The moves follow an ultimatum to the United States from Russia and Iran promising retaliatory military strikes should the United States act against Syria. President Donald Trump met with Chinese President Xi over the weekend – is it possible that China, in no uncertain terms, gave America the same warning?



ARTICLE
Sheriff Peyton C Grinnell has sent a chilling warning to drug dealers in Lake County, Florida, utilizing ISIS style propaganda tactics.
A Facebook video showing four officers in face masks flanking the sheriff was released online as part of a Community Engagement Unit project.
It has had over a million views on Facebook.
Sheriff Grinnell warns heroin dealers wreaking havoc in his county: “To the dealers that are pushing this poison, I have a message for you. We’re coming for you.
“Our undercover agents have already bought heroin from many of you, we are simply awaiting the arrest warrants to be finalized.
“Enjoy looking over your shoulder constantly wondering if today’s the day we come for you.“
The Daily Sheeple reports:
In case you forgot that you live in a creepy dystopian police state, the Lake County Sheriff’s department in Florida is here to remind you. On Friday Sheriff Peyton Grinnell posted a short video on Facebook, warning drug dealers in his county that “We’re coming for you,” and “Enjoy trying to sleep tonight wondering if tonight’s the night our SWAT team blows your front door off the hinges.” He made this speech while standing shoulder to shoulder with several menacing officers who were clad in black and wearing balaclava face masks.
The video has since gone viral, but probably not for the reasons these officers hoped. The lack of self-awareness that these cops displayed is cringe-worthy, and the video has been compared by some viewers to an ISIS propaganda video. It’s somehow disturbing and goofy at the same time. You have to see it to truly appreciate its hammy madness.

Contributed by Daniel Lang- Researcher and staff writer for The Daily Sheeple.



ARTICLE
Eric Trump confirmed that President Trump’s decision to bomb a Syrian airbase to punish Assad for an alleged chemical weapons attack last week was ordered by his sister Ivanka, who said she was “heartbroken and outraged” by the scenes broadcast on CNN.
Trump’s son Eric, who has taken over the running of his father’s property empire with his brother, Donald Jnr, said: “It was horrible. These guys are savages and I’m glad he responded the way he responded.”
He added: “Ivanka is a mother of three kids and she has influence. I’m sure she said ‘listen, this is horrible stuff.’ My father will act in times like that.”
[Insider: ‘Heartbroken’ Ivanka Ordered Daddy To Strike Syria]
Eric Trump also sought to defend his father from accusations of hypocrisy regarding his changing stance on military intervention in Syria and Middle-East.
“And by the way, he was anti doing anything with Syria two years ago. Then a leader gasses their own people, women and children, at some point America is the global leader and the world’s superpower has to come forward and act and they did with a lot of support of our allies and I think that’s a great thing.”
Eric Trump rejected claims his father had acted impulsively after seeing the images, saying the President was “a great thinker, practical not impulsive.” He added: “I’m proud he took that action and believe me he thinks things through.”
The president’s son also sent a warning to Vladimir Putin that his father was “deeply committed” to building what could be the world’s largest ever peacetime military force as he is a “big believer” in Ronald Reagan’s philosophy of achieving “peace through strength.”
[Putin: ‘Chained Bear’ Trump Was ‘Duped’ By New World Order]
President Trump pledged to improve relations with Putin during his campaign for the White House, referring to the Russian president positively on several occasions, however since then he has been dogged by mainstream media allegations of collusion with the Kremlin.
Eric Trump said his father was merely arguing that the US should try to be “best friends with other superpowers” if that was possible and described allegations of links with the Russian regime as “ridiculous”.



ARTICLE
Robert Kennedy Jr. has bravely exposed how the Syrian invasion by the Trump administration is yet another proxy oil war. 
According to an astonishing essay written 6 weeks before the gas attack on Syrian citizens, Kennedy explains how the US funds and manages ISIS in order to destabilize the region with the aim of ultimately taking control over the oil supply in the region.
Ecowatch.com reports:
The fossil fuel industry’s business model is to externalize its costs by clawing in obscene subsidies and tax deductions—causing grave environmental costs, including toxic pollution and global warming. Among the other unassessed prices of the world’s addiction to oil are social chaos, war, terror, the refugee crisis overseas, and the loss of democracy and civil rights abroad and at home.
As we focus on the rise of ISIS and search for the source of the savagery that took so many innocent lives in Paris and San Bernardino, we might want to look beyond the convenient explanations of religion and ideology and focus on the more complex rationales of history and oil, which mostly point the finger of blame for terrorism back at the champions of militarism, imperialism and petroleum here on our own shores.
America’s unsavory record of violent interventions in Syria—obscure to the American people yet well known to Syrians—sowed fertile ground for the violent Islamic Jihadism that now complicates any effective response by our government to address the challenge of ISIS. So long as the American public and policymakers are unaware of this past, further interventions are likely to only compound the crisis. Moreover, our enemies delight in our ignorance.
As the New York Times reported in a Dec. 8, 2015 front page story, ISIS political leaders and strategic planners are working to provoke an American military intervention which, they know from experience, will flood their ranks with volunteer fighters, drown the voices of moderation and unify the Islamic world against America.
To understand this dynamic, we need to look at history from the Syrians’ perspective and particularly the seeds of the current conflict. Long before our 2003 occupation of Iraq triggered the Sunni uprising that has now morphed into the Islamic State, the CIA had nurtured violent Jihadism as a Cold War weapon and freighted U.S./Syrian relationships with toxic baggage.
During the 1950’s, President Eisenhower and the Dulles brothers rebuffed Soviet treaty proposals to leave the Middle East a cold war neutral zone and let Arabs rule Arabia. Instead, they mounted a clandestine war against Arab Nationalism—which CIA Director Allan Dulles equated with communism—particularly when Arab self-rule threatened oil concessions. They pumped secret American military aid to tyrants in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iraq and Lebanon favoring puppets with conservative Jihadist ideologies which they regarded as a reliable antidote to Soviet Marxism. At a White House meeting between the CIA’s Director of Plans, Frank Wisner, and Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, in September of 1957, Eisenhower advised the agency, “We should do everything possible to stress the ‘holy war’ aspect.”
The CIA began its active meddling in Syria in 1949—barely a year after the agency’s creation. Syrian patriots had declared war on the Nazis, expelled their Vichy French colonial rulers and crafted a fragile secularist democracy based on the American model. But in March of 1949, Syria’s democratically elected president, Shukri-al-Kuwaiti, hesitated to approve the Trans Arabian Pipeline, an American project intended to connect the oil fields of Saudi Arabia to the ports of Lebanon via Syria. In his book, Legacy of Ashes, CIA historian Tim Weiner recounts that in retaliation, the CIA engineered a coup, replacing al-Kuwaiti with the CIA’s handpicked dictator, a convicted swindler named Husni al-Za’im. Al-Za’im barely had time to dissolve parliament and approve the American pipeline before his countrymen deposed him, 14 weeks into his regime.
Following several counter coups in the newly destabilized country, the Syrian people again tried democracy in 1955, re-electing al-Kuwaiti and his Ba’ath Party. Al-Kuwaiti was still a Cold War neutralist but, stung by American involvement in his ouster, he now leaned toward the Soviet camp. That posture caused Dulles to declare that “Syria is ripe for a coup” and send his two coup wizards, Kim Roosevelt and Rocky Stone to Damascus.
Two years earlier, Roosevelt and Stone had orchestrated a coup in Iran against the democratically elected President Mohammed Mosaddegh after Mosaddegh tried to renegotiate the terms of Iran’s lopsided contracts with the oil giant, BP. Mosaddegh was the first elected leader in Iran’s 4,000 year history, and a popular champion for democracy across the developing world. Mosaddegh expelled all British diplomats after uncovering a coup attempt by UK intelligence officers working in cahoots with BP.
Mosaddegh, however, made the fatal mistake of resisting his advisors’ pleas to also expel the CIA, which they correctly suspected, and was complicit in the British plot. Mosaddegh idealized the U.S. as a role model for Iran’s new democracy and incapable of such perfidies. Despite Dulles’ needling, President Truman had forbidden the CIA from actively joining the British caper to topple Mosaddegh.
When Eisenhower took office in January 1953, he immediately unleashed Dulles. After ousting Mosaddegh in “Operation Ajax,” Stone and Roosevelt installed Shah Reza Pahlavi, who favored U.S. oil companies, but whose two decades of CIA sponsored savagery toward his own people from the Peacock throne would finally ignite the 1979 Islamic revolution that has bedeviled our foreign policy for 35 years.
Flush from his Operation Ajax “success” in Iran, Stone arrived in Damascus in April 1956 with $3 million in Syrian pounds to arm and incite Islamic militants and to bribe Syrian military officers and politicians to overthrow al-Kuwaiti’s democratically elected secularist regime. Working with the Muslim Brotherhood, Stone schemed to assassinate Syria’s Chief of Intelligence, its Chief of the General Staff and the Chief of the Communist Party and to engineer “national conspiracies and various strong arm” provocations in Iraq, Lebanon and Jordan that could be blamed on the Syrian Ba’athists.
The CIA’s plan was to destabilize the Syrian government, and create a pretext for an invasion by Iraq and Jordan, whose governments were already under CIA control. Roosevelt forecasted that the CIA’s newly installed puppet government would “rely first upon repressive measures and arbitrary exercise of power.”
But all that CIA money failed to corrupt the Syrian military officers. The soldiers reported the CIA’s bribery attempts to the Ba’athist regime. In response, the Syrian army invaded the American Embassy taking Stone prisoner. Following harsh interrogation, Stone made a televised confession to his roles in the Iranian coup and the CIA’s aborted attempt to overthrow Syria’s legitimate government.
The Syrian’s ejected Stone and two U.S. Embassy staffers—the first time any American State Department diplomat was barred from an Arab country. The Eisenhower White House hollowly dismissed Stone’s confession as “fabrications and slanders,” a denial swallowed whole by the American press, led by the New York Times and believed by the American people, who shared Mosaddegh’s idealistic view of their government.
Syria purged all politicians sympathetic to the U.S. and executed them for treason. In retaliation, the U.S. moved the Sixth Fleet to the Mediterranean, threatened war and goaded Turkey to invade Syria. The Turks assembled 50,000 troops on Syria’s borders and only backed down in the face of unified opposition from the Arab League whose leaders were furious at the U.S. intervention.
Even after its expulsion, the CIA continued its secret efforts to topple Syria’s democratically elected Ba’athist government. The CIA plotted with Britain’s MI6 to form a “Free Syria Committee” and armed the Muslim Brotherhood to assassinate three Syrian government officials, who had helped expose “the American plot.” (Matthew Jones in The ‘Preferred Plan’: The Anglo-American Working Group Report on Covert Action in Syria, 1957). The CIA’s mischief pushed Syria even further away from the U.S. and into prolonged alliances with Russia and Egypt.
Following the second Syrian coup attempt, anti-American riots rocked the Mid-East from Lebanon to Algeria. Among the reverberations was the July 14, 1958 coup, led by the new wave of anti-American Army officers who overthrew Iraq’s pro-American monarch, Nuri al-Said. The coup leaders published secret government documents, exposing Nuri al-Said as a highly paid CIA puppet. In response to American treachery, the new Iraqi government invited Soviet diplomats and economic advisers to Iraq and turned its back on the West.
Having alienated Iraq and Syria, Kim Roosevelt fled the Mid-East to work as an executive for the oil industry that he had served so well during his public service career. Roosevelt’s replacement, as CIA Station Chief, James Critchfield attempted a failed assassination plot against the new Iraqi president using a toxic handkerchief. Five years later the CIA finally succeeded in deposing the Iraqi president and installing the Ba’ath Party to power in Iraq.
A charismatic young murderer named Saddam Hussein was one of the distinguished leaders of the CIA’s Ba’athists team. The Ba’ath Party’s Interior Minister, Said Aburish, who took office alongside Saddam Hussein, would later say, “We came to power on a CIA train.” Aburish recounted that the CIA supplied Saddam and his cronies a “murder list” of people who “had to be eliminated immediately in order to ensure success.”
Critchfield later acknowledged that the CIA had, in essence, “created Saddam Hussein.” During the Reagan years, the CIA supplied Hussein with billions of dollars in training, Special Forces support, and weapons and battlefield intelligence knowing that he was using poisonous mustard and nerve gas and biological weapons—including anthrax obtained from the U.S. government—in his war against Iran.
Reagan and his CIA Director, Bill Casey, regarded Saddam as a potential friend to the U.S. oil industry and a sturdy barrier against the spread of Iran’s Islamic Revolution. Their emissary, Donald Rumsfeld, presented Saddam with a pair of pearl-handled revolvers and a menu of chemical/biological and conventional weapons on a 1983 trip to Bagdad. At the same time, the CIA was illegally supplying Saddam’s enemy—Iran—with thousands of anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles to fight Iraq, a crime made famous during the Iran Contra scandal. Jihadists from both sides later turned many of those CIA supplied weapons against the American people.
Even as America contemplates yet another violent Mid-East intervention, most Americans are unaware of the many ways that “blowback” from previous CIA blunders has helped craft the current crisis. The reverberations from decades of CIA shenanigans continue to echo across the Mid-East today in national capitals and from mosques to madras schools over the wrecked landscape of democracy and moderate Islam that the CIA helped obliterate.
In July 1956, less than two months after the CIA’s failed Syrian Coup, my uncle, Senator John F. Kennedy, infuriated the Eisenhower White House, the leaders of both political parties and our European allies with a milestone speech endorsing the right of self-governance in the Arab world and an end to America’s imperialist meddling in Arab countries. Throughout my lifetime, and particularly during my frequent travels to the Mid-East, countless Arabs have fondly recalled that speech to me as the clearest statement of the idealism they expected from the U.S.
Kennedy’s speech was a call for recommitting America to the high values our country had championed in the Atlantic Charter, the formal pledge that all the former European colonies would have the right to self-determination following World War II. FDR had strong-armed Churchill and the other allied leaders to sign the Atlantic Charter in 1941 as a precondition for U.S. support in the European war against fascism.
Thanks in large part to Allan Dulles and the CIA, whose foreign policy intrigues were often directly at odds with the stated policies of our nation, the idealistic path outlined in the Atlantic Charter was the road not taken. In 1957, my grandfather, Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, sat on a secret committee charged with investigating CIA’s clandestine mischief in the Mid-East. The so called “Bruce Lovett Report,” to which he was a signatory, described CIA coup plots in Jordan, Syria, Iran, Iraq and Egypt, all common knowledge on the Arab street, but virtually unknown to the American people who believed, at face value, their government’s denials.
The report blamed the CIA for the rampant anti-Americanism that was then mysteriously taking root “in the many countries in the world today.” The Bruce Lovett Report pointed out that such interventions were antithetical to American values and had compromised America’s international leadership and moral authority without the knowledge of the American people. The report points out that the CIA never considered how we would treat such interventions if some foreign government engineered them in our country. This is the bloody history that modern interventionists like George W. Bush, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio miss when they recite their narcissistic trope that Mid-East nationalists “hate us for our freedoms.”
The Syrian and Iranian coups soiled America’s reputation across the Mid-East and ploughed the fields of Islamic Jihadism which we have, ironically, purposefully nurtured. A parade of Iranian and Syrian dictators, including Bashar al-Assad and his father, have invoked the history of the CIA’s bloody coups as a pretext for their authoritarian rule, repressive tactics and their need for a strong Russian alliance. These stories are therefore well known to the people of Syria and Iran who naturally interpret talk of U.S. intervention in the context of that history.
While the compliant American press parrots the narrative that our military support for the Syrian insurgency is purely humanitarian, many Syrians see the present crisis as just another proxy war over pipelines and geopolitics. Before rushing deeper into the conflagration, it would be wise for us to consider the abundant facts supporting that perspective.
In their view, our war against Bashar Assad did not begin with the peaceful civil protests of the Arab Spring in 2011. Instead it began in 2000 when Qatar proposed to construct a $10 billion, 1,500km pipeline through Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria and Turkey.
Note the purple line which traces the proposed Qatar-Turkey natural gas pipeline and note that all of the countries highlighted in red are part of a new coalition hastily put together after Turkey finally (in exchange for NATO’s acquiescence on Erdogan’s politically-motivated war with the PKK) agreed to allow the US to fly combat missions against ISIS targets from Incirlik. Now note which country along the purple line is not highlighted in red. That’s because Bashar al-Assad didn’t support the pipeline and now we’re seeing what happens when you’re a Mid-East strongman and you decide not to support something the US and Saudi Arabia want to get done. (Map: ZeroHedge.com via MintPress News)
Qatar shares with Iran, the South Pars/North Dome gas field, the world’s richest natural gas repository. The international trade embargo, until recently, prohibited Iran from selling gas abroad and ensured that Qatar’s gas could only reach European markets if it is liquefied and shipped by sea, a route that restricts volume and dramatically raises costs.
The proposed pipeline would have linked Qatar directly to European energy markets via distribution terminals in Turkey which would pocket rich transit fees. The Qatar/Turkey pipeline would have given the Sunni Kingdoms of the Persian Gulf decisive domination of world natural gas markets and strengthen Qatar, America’s closest ally in the Arab world. Qatar hosts two massive American military bases and the U.S. Central Command’s Mid-East headquarters.
The EU, which gets 30 percent of its gas from Russia, was equally hungry for the pipeline which would have given its members cheap energy and relief from Vladimir Putin’s stifling economic and political leverage. Turkey, Russia’s second largest gas customer, was particularly anxious to end its reliance on its ancient rival and to position itself as the lucrative transect hub for Asian fuels to EU markets. The Qatari pipeline would have benefited Saudi Arabia’s conservative Sunni Monarchy by giving them a foothold in Shia dominated Syria.
The Saudi’s geopolitical goal is to contain the economic and political power of the Kingdom’s principal rival, Iran, a Shiite state, and close ally of Bashar Assad. The Saudi monarchy viewed the U.S. sponsored Shia takeover in Iraq as a demotion to its regional power and was already engaged in a proxy war against Tehran in Yemen, highlighted by the Saudi genocide against the Iranian backed Houthi tribe.
Of course, the Russians, who sell 70 percent of their gas exports to Europe, viewed the Qatar/Turkey pipeline as an existential threat. In Putin’s view, the Qatar pipeline is a NATO plot to change the status quo, deprive Russia of its only foothold in the Middle East, strangle the Russian economy and end Russian leverage in the European energy market. In 2009, Assad announced that he would refuse to sign the agreement to allow the pipeline to run through Syria “to protect the interests of our Russian ally.”
Assad further enraged the Gulf’s Sunni monarchs by endorsing a Russian approved “Islamic pipeline” running from Iran’s side of the gas field through Syria and to the ports of Lebanon. The Islamic pipeline would make Shia Iran instead of Sunni Qatar, the principal supplier to the European energy market and dramatically increase Tehran’s influence in the Mid-East and the world. Israel also was understandably determined to derail the Islamic pipeline which would enrich Iran and Syria and presumably strengthen their proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas.
Secret cables and reports by the U.S., Saudi and Israeli intelligence agencies indicate that the moment Assad rejected the Qatari pipeline, military and intelligence planners quickly arrived at the consensus that fomenting a Sunni uprising in Syria to overthrow the uncooperative Bashar Assad was a feasible path to achieving the shared objective of completing the Qatar/Turkey gas link. In 2009, according to WikiLeaks, soon after Bashar Assad rejected the Qatar pipeline, the CIA began funding opposition groups in Syria.
Bashar Assad’s family is Alawite, a Muslim sect widely perceived as aligned with the Shia camp. “Bashar Assad was never supposed to be president,” says journalist Sy Hersh. “His father brought him back from medical school in London when his elder brother, the heir apparent, was killed in a car crash.”
Before the war started, according to Hersh, Assad was moving to liberalize the country—“They had internet and newspapers and ATM machines and Assad wanted to move toward the west. After 9/11, he gave thousands of invaluable files to the CIA on Jihadist radicals, who he considered a mutual enemy.”
Assad’s regime was deliberately secular and Syria was impressively diverse. The Syrian government and military, for example, were 80 percent Sunni. Assad maintained peace among his diverse peoples by a strong disciplined army loyal to the Assad family, an allegiance secured by a nationally esteemed and highly paid officer corps, a coldly efficient intelligence apparatus and a penchant for brutality which, prior to the war, was rather moderate compared to other Mideast leaders, including our current allies.
According to Hersh, “He certainly wasn’t beheading people every Wednesday like the Saudis do in Mecca.” Another veteran journalist, Bob Parry, echoes that assessment. “No one in the region has clean hands but in the realms of torture, mass killings, civil liberties and supporting terrorism, Assad is much better than the Saudis.”
No one believed that the regime was vulnerable to the anarchy that had riven Egypt, Libya, Yemen and Tunisia. By the spring of 2011, there were small, peaceful demonstrations in Damascus against repression by Assad’s regime. These were mainly the effluvia of the Arab Spring which spread virally across the Arab League states the previous summer. However, Huffington Post UK reported that in Syria the protests were, at least in part, orchestrated by the CIA. WikiLeaks cables indicate that the CIA was already on the ground in Syria.
But the Sunni Kingdoms wanted a much deeper involvement from America. On Sept. 4, 2013, Secretary of State John Kerry told a congressional hearing that the Sunni kingdoms had offered to foot the bill for a US. invasion of Syria to oust Bashar al-Assad. “In fact, some of them have said that if the United States is prepared to go do the whole thing, the way we’ve done it previously in other places [Iraq], they’ll carry the cost,” he stated. Kerry reiterated the offer to Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL27): “With respect to Arab countries offering to bear the costs of [an American invasion] to topple Assad, the answer is profoundly Yes, they have. The offer is on the table.”
Despite pressure from Republicans, Barrack Obama balked at hiring out young Americans to die as mercenaries for a pipeline conglomerate. Obama wisely ignored Republican clamoring to put ground troops in Syria or to funnel more funding to “moderate insurgents.” But by late 2011, Republican pressure and our Sunni allies had pushed the American government into the fray.
In 2011, the U.S. joined France, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and England to form the “Friends of Syria Coalition,” which formally demanded the removal of Assad. The CIA provided $6 million to Barada, a British T.V. channel, to produce pieces entreating Assad’s ouster. Saudi intelligence documents, published by WikiLeaks, show that by 2012, Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia were arming, training and funding radical Jihadist Sunni fighters from Syria, Iraq and elsewhere to overthrow the Assad’s Shia allied regime. Qatar, which had the most to gain, invested $3 billion in building the insurgency and invited the Pentagon to train insurgents at U.S. bases in Qatar. U.S. personnel also provided logistical support and intelligence to the rebels on the ground. The Times of London reported on Sept. 14, 2012, that the CIA also armed Jihadists with anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles and other weapons from Libyan armories that the agency smuggled by ratlines to Syria via Turkey. According to an April 2014 article by Seymour Hersh, the CIA weapons ratlines were financed by Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
The idea of fomenting a Sunni-Shia civil war to weaken the Syrian and Iranian regimes so as to maintain control of the region’s petro-chemical supplies was not a novel notion in the Pentagon’s lexicon. A damning 2008 Pentagon funded Rand report proposed a precise blueprint for what was about to happen. That report observes that control of the Persian Gulf oil and gas deposits will remain, for the U.S., “a strategic priority” that “will interact strongly with that of prosecuting the long war.”
Rand recommends using “covert action, information operations, unconventional warfare” to enforce a “divide and rule” strategy. “The United States and its local allies could use the nationalist jihadists to launch a proxy campaign” and “U.S. leaders could also choose to capitalize on the sustained Shia-Sunni conflict trajectory by taking the side of the conservative Sunni regimes against Shiite empowerment movements in the Muslim world … possibly supporting authoritative Sunni governments against a continuingly hostile Iran.”
WikiLeaks cables from as early as 2006 show the U.S. State Department, at the urging of the Israeli government, proposing to partner with Turkey, Qatar and Egypt to foment Sunni civil war in Syria to weaken Iran. The stated purpose, according to the secret cable, was to incite Assad into a brutal crackdown of Syria’s Sunni population.
As predicted, Assad’s overreaction to the foreign made crisis—dropping barrel bombs onto Sunni strongholds and killing civilians—polarized Syria’s Shia/Sunni divide and allowed U.S. policymakers to sell Americans the idea that the pipeline struggle was a humanitarian war. When Sunni soldiers of the Syrian Army began defecting in 2013, the Western Coalition armed the “Free Syrian Army” to further destabilize Syria. The press portrait of the Free Syria Army as cohesive battalions of Syrian moderates was delusional. The dissolved units regrouped in hundreds of independent militias most of whom were commanded by or allied with Jihadi militants who were the most committed and effective fighters. By then, the Sunni armies of Al Qaeda Iraq (AQI) were crossing the border from Iraq into Syria and joining forces with the battalions of deserters from the Free Syria Army, many of them trained and armed by the U.S.
Despite the prevailing media portrait of a moderate Arab uprising against the tyrant Assad, U.S. Intelligence planners knew from the outset that their pipeline proxies were radical jihadists who would probably carve themselves a brand new Islamic caliphate from the Sunni regions of Syria and Iraq. Two years before ISIS throat cutters stepped on the world stage, a seven-page Aug. 12, 2012 study by the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), obtained by the right wing group Judicial Watch, warned that thanks to the ongoing support by U.S./Sunni Coalition for radical Sunni Jihadists, “the Salafist, the Muslim Brotherhood and AQI (now ISIS), are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria.”
Using U.S. and Gulf State funding, these groups had turned the peaceful protests against Bashar Assad toward “a clear sectarian (Shiite vs Sunni) direction.” The paper notes that the conflict had become a sectarian civil war supported by Sunni “religious and political powers.” The report paints the Syrian conflict as a global war for control of the region’s resources with “the west, Gulf countries and Turkey supporting [Assad’s] opposition, while Russia, China and Iran support the regime.”
The Pentagon authors of the seven-page report appear to endorse the predicted advent of the ISIS caliphate:
“If the situation continues unravelling, there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist principality in eastern Syria (Hasakah and Deir ez-Zor) and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want in order to isolate the Syrian regime.” The Pentagon report warns that this new principality could move across the Iraqi border to Mosul and Ramadi and “declare an Islamic state through its union with other terrorist organizations in Iraq and Syria.”
Of course, this is precisely what has happened. Not coincidentally, the regions of Syria occupied by ISIS exactly encompass the proposed route of the Qatari pipeline.
But then in 2014, our Sunni proxies horrified the American people by severing heads and driving a million refugees toward Europe. “Strategies based upon the idea that the enemy of my enemy is my friend can be kind of blinding,” says Tim Clemente, who chaired the FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force between 2004 and 2008 and served as liaison in Iraq between the FBI, the Iraqi National Police and the U.S. Military. “We made the same mistake when we trained the Mujahedeen in Afghanistan. The moment the Russians left, our supposed friends started smashing antiquities, enslaving women, severing body parts and shooting at us.”
When ISIS’ “Jihadi John” began murdering prisoners on TV, the White House pivoted, talking less about deposing Assad and more about regional stability. The Obama Administration began putting daylight between itself and the insurgency we had funded. The White House pointed accusing fingers at our allies. On Oct. 3, 2014, Vice President Joe Biden told students at the John F. Kennedy, Jr. forum at the Institute of Politics at Harvard that “Our allies in the region are our biggest problem in Syria.” He explained that Turkey, Saudi Arabia and the UAE were “so determined to take down Assad” that they had launched a “proxy Sunni-Shia war” funneling “hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of tons of weapons to Jihadists of the al-Nusra front and al-Qaeda”—the two groups that merged in 2014 to form ISIS.
Biden seemed angered that our trusted “friends” could not be trusted to follow the American agenda. “ISI[S] is a direct outgrowth of al-Qaeda in Iraq that grew out of our invasion,” declared Obama, disassociating himself from the Sunni rebellion, “which is an example of unintended consequences which is why we should generally aim before we shoot.” As if to demonstrate their contempt for America’s new found restraint, our putative allies, the Turks responded to the U.S. rebukes by shooting down a plane belonging to our other putative ally, the Russians—probably to spoil a potential deal between Russia and the U.S. that would leave Assad in power.
Across the Mid-East, Arab leaders routinely accuse the U.S. of having created ISIS. To most Americans immersed in U.S. media perspective, such accusations seem insane. However, to many Arabs, the evidence of U.S. involvement is so abundant that they conclude that our role in fostering ISIS must have been deliberate. On Sept. 22, 2014, according to the New York Times, Iraqi leader, Shiite Cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, told Baghdad demonstrators that “the CIA created ISIS.” Iraq’s Deputy Prime Minister, Bahaa Al-Araji, echoed al-Sadr’s accusation. “We know who made Daesh,” Iraq’s Treasury Secretary, Haidar al-Assadi, told the Digital News Aggregate, “The Islamic State is a clear creation of the United States, and the United States is trying to intervene again using the excuse of the Islamic State.”
In fact, many of the ISIS fighters and their commanders are ideological and organizational successors to the Jihadists that the CIA has been nurturing for 30 years. The CIA began arming and training the Mujahedeen in Afghanistan in 1979 to fight the Soviets. Following the Soviet withdrawal, the CIA’s Afghan Mujahedeen became the Taliban while its foreign fighters, including Osama bin Laden, formed Al-Qaeda. In 2004, then British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook told the House of Commons that Al-Qaeda took its name—meaning “database” in Arabic—from the voluminous CIA database of Jihadists—Mujahedeen foreign fighters and arms smugglers trained and equipped by the CIA during the Afghan conflict.
Prior to the American invasion, there was no Al-Qaeda in Saddam Hussein’s Iraq. Bush destroyed Saddam’s secularist government and his viceroy, Paul Bremer, in a monumental act of mismanagement, effectively created the Sunni Army, now named ISIS. Bremer elevated the Shiites to power and banned Saddam’s ruling Ba’ath Party laying off some 700,000, mostly Sunni, government and party officials from ministers to school teachers. He then disbanded the 380,000 man army, which was 80 percent Sunni.
Bremer’s actions stripped a million of Iraq’s Sunnis of rank, property, wealth and power; leaving a desperate underclass of angry, educated, capable, trained and heavily armed Sunnis with little left to lose. General Petraeus’ decision to import dirty war tactics, including torture and death squads, from the CIA’s El Salvador conflict in order to shock and awe the Sunni resistance, instead ignited a shockingly bloody spiral of sectarian violence that devolved quickly into escalating atrocities topped finally by the Sunni Army signature head cutting. The Sunni insurgency named itself Al-Qaeda Iraq (AQI).
Beginning in 2011, our allies funded the invasion by AQI fighters into Syria. In June 2014 having entered Syria, AQI changed its name to ISIS. According to the New Yorker, “ISIS is run by a council of former Iraqi Generals … many are members of Saddam Hussein’s secular Ba’ath Party, who converted to radical Islam in American prisons.” The $500 million in U.S. military aid that Obama did send to Syria almost certainly ended up benefiting these militant Jihadists. On Sept. 16, 2015, incredulous senators from the Armed Services Committee listened to U.S. General Lloyd Austin, Commander of the U.S. Central Command, explain that the Pentagon had spent $500 million to train and arm “moderate” insurgents in Syria and had only “four or five reliable moderate fighters” to show instead of the promised 5,000. The remainder apparently deserted or defected to ISIS.
Tim Clemente told me that the incomprehensible difference between the Iraq and Syria conflicts are the millions of military aged men who are fleeing the battlefield for Europe rather than staying to fight for their communities. “You have this formidable fighting force and they are all running away. I don’t understand how you can have millions of military aged men running away from the battlefield. In Iraq, the bravery was heartbreaking—I had friends who refused to leave the country even though they knew they would die. They’d just tell you it’s my country, I need to stay and fight,” Clemente said.
The obvious explanation is that the nation’s moderates are fleeing a war that is not their war. They simply want to escape being crushed between the anvil of Assad’s Russian backed tyranny and the vicious Jihadi Sunni hammer that we had a hand in wielding in a global battle over competing pipelines. You can’t blame the Syrian people for not widely embracing a blueprint for their nation minted in either Washington or Moscow. The super powers have left no options for an idealistic future that moderate Syrians might consider fighting for. And no one wants to die for a pipeline.
What is the answer? If our objective is long-term peace in the Mid-East, self-government by the Arab nations and national security at home, we must undertake any new intervention in the region with an eye on history and an intense desire to learn its lessons. Only when we Americans understand the historical and political context of this conflict will we apply appropriate scrutiny to the decisions of our leaders.
Using the same imagery and language that supported our 2003 war against Saddam Hussein, our political leaders led Americans to believe that our Syrian intervention is an idealistic war against tyranny, terrorism and religious fanaticism. We tend to dismiss, as mere cynicism, the views of those Arabs who see the current crisis as a rerun of the same old plots about pipelines and geopolitics. But, if we are to have an effective foreign policy, we must recognize the Syrian conflict is a war over control of resources indistinguishable from the myriad clandestine and undeclared oil wars we have been fighting in the Mid-East for 65 years. And only when we see this conflict as a proxy war over a pipeline do events become comprehensible.
It’s the only paradigm that explains why the GOP on Capitol Hill and the Obama administration are still fixated on regime change rather than regional stability, why the Obama administration can find no Syrian moderates to fight the war, why ISIS blew up a Russian passenger plane, why the Saudi’s just executed a powerful Shia cleric only to have their embassy burned in Tehran, why Russia is bombing non-ISIS fighters and why Turkey went out of its way to down a Russian jet. The million refugees now flooding into Europe are refugees of a pipeline war and CIA blundering.
Clemente compares ISIS to Colombia’s FARC—a drug cartel with a revolutionary ideology to inspire its foot soldiers. “You have to think of ISIS as an oil cartel,” Clemente said. “In the end, money is the governing rationale. The religious ideology is a tool that inspires its soldiers to give their lives for an oil cartel.”
Once we strip this conflict of its humanitarian patina and recognize the Syrian conflict as an oil war, our foreign policy strategy becomes clear. Instead, our first priority should be the one no one ever mentions—we need to kick our Mid-East oil jones, an increasingly feasible objective, as the U.S. becomes more energy independent. Next, we need to dramatically reduce our military profile in the Middle East and let the Arabs run Arabia. Other than humanitarian assistance and guaranteeing the security of Israel’s borders, the U.S. has no legitimate role in this conflict. While the facts prove that we played a role in creating the crisis, history shows that we have little power to resolve it.
As we contemplate history, it’s breathtaking to consider the astonishing consistency with which virtually every violent intervention in the Middle East since World War II by our country has resulted in miserable failure. The long list of CIA and military adventures has each cost us dearly in national treasure, in liberty at home, in our moral authority abroad and in our national security. Without any memorable exception, every violent intervention has resulted in a catastrophic blowback far more costly to our country than any problems the authors meddling intended to solve. Our mischief has neither improved life in the Middle East nor has it made America safer.
A 1997 U.S. Department of Defense report found that “the data show a strong correlation between U.S. involvement abroad and an increase in terrorist attacks against the U.S.” Let’s face it, what we call the “war on terror” is really just another oil war. We’ve squandered $6 trillion on three wars abroad and on constructing a national security warfare state at home since oilman Cheney declared the “Long War” in 2001. The only winners have been the military contractors and oil companies who have pocketed historic profits. We have compromised our values, butchered our own youth, killed hundreds of thousands of innocent people, subverted our idealism and squandered our national treasures in fruitless and costly adventures abroad. In the process, we have turned America, once the world’s beacon of freedom, into a national security surveillance state and an international moral pariah.
America’s founding fathers warned Americans against standing armies, foreign entanglements and, in John Adams’ words, “going abroad in search of monsters to destroy.” Those wise men understood that imperialism abroad is incompatible with democracy and civil rights at home. They wanted America to be a “city on a hill”—a model of democracy for the rest of the world.
The Atlantic Charter echoed their seminal American ideal that each nation should have the right to self-determination. Over the past seven decades, the Dulles brothers, the Cheney Gang, the neocons and their ilk have hijacked that fundamental principle of American idealism and deployed our military and intelligence apparatus to serve the mercantile interests of large corporations and particularly, the petroleum companies and military contractors who have literally made a killing from these conflicts. It’s time for Americans to turn America away from this new imperialism and back to the path of idealism and democracy. We should let the Arabs govern Arabia and turn our energies to the great endeavor of nation building at home. We need to begin this process, not by invading Syria, but by ending our ruinous addiction to oil.



ARTICLE
Anti-submarine aircraft were deployed to the coast of southern California on Monday night, fueling speculation that a Russian submarine was spotted in the area. 
Reports of a foreign vessel in the area circulated on social media, as the military conducted unplanned exercises at the same time late on Monday night.
Infowars.com reports:

The patrol includes multiple low-flying aircraft including a Navy EP-3E Aries II, which is used for electronic surveillance, a Navy P-3C Orion, which is used for submarine spotting, and a Boeing P-8 Poseidon used for anti-submarine warfare.

Additionally, a Royal Canadian CP-140 Orion, also known for submarine spotting, joined the search.
Southern California is home to several naval installations.
The activity comes as the Navy deploys warships off the North Korean coast, and as Russia pushes back against the US missile strike against a Syrian air field on Thursday.
“From now on we will respond with force to any aggressor or any breach of red lines from whoever it is and America knows our ability to respond well,” Russia said in a joint statement with Iran, the latter of which has been aiding Syria in its fight against ISIS.
North Korean is said to possess around 70 submarines, with the majority consisting of Sang-O class subs the communist nation uses to spy on naval installations.



ARTICLE
Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson claims that the official story about the chemical attack in Syria is a big hoax, designed to hide the truth about what happened from the public.
The former Chief of Staff to Colin Powell says that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is not to blame for gassing his own citizens – and Trump knows this.
Intel Today reports:
Last Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson claimed the U.S. Intelligence Community had assessed with a “high degree of confidence” that the Syrian government forces had unleashed a toxic chemical bomb against innocent civilians in Khan Sheikhoun in Syria’s Idlib Governate.
However, it is now quite obvious that “a number of intelligence sources have made contradictory assessments, saying the preponderance of evidence suggests that Al Qaeda-affiliated rebels were at fault, either by orchestrating an intentional release of a chemical agent as a provocation or by possessing containers of poison gas that ruptured during a conventional bombing raid.”
According to Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson’s well informed sources, the explanation presented by the Russians is the most likely scenario. Wilkerson also confirmed that the intelligence on this ISIS depot had been shared prior to the strike with both US and Russian Military.
“In fact most of my sources are telling me — including members of the team that monitor global chemical weapons, including people in Syria, including people in the US Intelligence community — that what most likely happened (and this intelligence was shared with the US by Russia in accordance with the de-conflicting agreement) is that they hit a warehouse  that they intended to hit and had told both sides, Russia and the US, that they were going to hit. This is a serious air force, of course. And this warehouse was alleged to have ISIS supply in it and indeed it probably did. And some of these supplies were precursors for chemicals (or possibly an alternative they were phosphates for fertilizing)… Conventional bombs hit the warehouse and the wind dispersed these ingredients and killed some people.”
Former CIA officer Philip Giraldi
Giraldi told Scott Horton’s Webcast:
“I’m hearing from sources on the ground in the Middle East, people who are intimately familiar with the intelligence that is available who are saying that the essential narrative that we’re all hearing about the Syrian government or the Russians using chemical weapons on innocent civilians is a sham.”
“The intelligence confirms pretty much the account that the Russians have been giving … which is that they hit a warehouse where the rebels – now these are rebels that are, of course, connected with Al Qaeda – where the rebels were storing chemicals of their own and it basically caused an explosion that resulted in the casualties. Apparently the intelligence on this is very clear.”
Former DIA Colonel Pat Lang
Yesterday, the former DIA officer posted the following analysis:
“The American media and many American political leaders, Republicans and Democrats, are a complete disgrace as they have cheered Donald Trump’s illegal and unjustified order to launch of cruise missiles against a backwater Syrian Air Force outpost.  The American public are being sold a profound and dangerous lie via a massive propaganda campaign that, without one shred of empirical evidence, insists that the Air Force of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad dropped a chemical weapon for the express purpose of killing civilians. That did not happen. There is no intelligence supporting this claim by the Trump Administration.”
A cryptic statement
Around the 5′ mark, Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson drops a strange comment:
“Assad has a number of ways to achieve this — Including artillery — which by the way a no-fly zone would not stop…”
I would probably have missed the meaning of these few words if it was not for the fact that a well informed source has told me last night that the US will indeed seek a no-fly zone on the entire part of Syria West of the Euphrates.
About Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson
Lawrence B. “Larry” Wilkerson (born 15 June 1945) is a retired United States Army Colonel and former chief of staff to United States Secretary of State Colin Powell. Wilkerson has criticized many aspects of the Iraq War, including his own preparation of Powell’s presentation to the UN.
“My participation in that presentation at the UN constitutes the lowest point in my professional life. I participated in a hoax on the American people, the international community and the United Nations Security Council.”
Interview: “Trump Attack on Syria Driven by Domestic Politics”




ARTICLE
According to files on the FBI’s own website, the U.S. government were found guilty of gassing its own citizens in 1992, which led to the deaths of 86 Americans. 
As the Trump admin continues to act outraged that Syrian president Bashar al Assad gassed his own people, despite the fact that no evidence exists to support this theory, they are ignoring the fact that the U.S. is one of the few countries where the use of chemical weapons against citizens has actually been documented.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Our source material comes from the FBI’s own vault, which contains two files on the case against Vernon Howell, also known as David Koresh. Koresh was the leader of the “Branch Davidians Seventh Day Adventists.” According to the FBI case file, Koresh was believed to have been holding people against their will at his compound in Waco, Texas, potentially guilty of “involuntary servitude and slavery” charges.
In 1992, Child Protective Services (CPS) was called in to investigate the accusations. After a thorough investigation, CPS concluded no one was being held at the compound against their will, nor any child abuse, and the federal prosecutor, who reviewed the report, saw no reason to prosecute Koresh. On October 16th, 1992, the FBI closed the case against Koresh and the allegations he was abusing children and holding his followers against their will.
Still, however, the FBI proceeded with investigating other allegations the Branch Davidians had converted semi-automatic AR-15 (assault) rifles into fully automatic ones, a violation of federal law. Also alleged was that the group was planning a mass suicide. The FBI concluded, “no information has been developed to verify the accuracy of the allegations.” Still, the FBI put local law enforcement on notice.
Despite having no concrete evidence Koresh, who some have said was delusional, had violated anyone’s civil rights, or abused any children, the investigation into the weapons violations continued. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives pursued the allegations the group was stockpiling weapons and explosives. According to the ATF,  the bureau found:
136 FIREARMS, INCLUDING ASSAULT RIFLES AND HANDGUNS
700+ MAGAZINES FOR THOSE FIREARMS
200,000+ ROUNDS OF VARIOUS AMMUNITION
110 UPPER AND LOWER RECEIVERS FOR AR15/M16 RIFLES
GRENADE-LAUNCHER ATTACHMENTS FOR AR15/M16 RIFLES
400+ EMPTY M31 RIFLE GRENADES, ALONG WITH BLACK POWDER AND OTHER
EXPLOSIVE CHEMICALS
Wishing to further investigate the compound’s armory, the ATF secured a search warrant and attempted to raid the compound on February 28th, 1993. The Davidians, possibly feeling they must protect their home, property, and persons from the intruders, opened fire on the federal agents, an action which led to the deaths of several ATF agents and compound members.
FOUR ATF AGENTS (SA TODD MCKEEHAN, SA CONWAY LEBLEU, SA ROBERT WILLIAMS AND SA STEVEN WILLIS) WERE KILLED; 20 ATF AGENTS WOUNDED FROM GUNSHOTS OR SHRAPNEL AND 8 SUFFERED OTHER INJURIES. SIX DAVIDIANS WERE ALSO REPORTEDLY KILLED AND FOUR WOUNDED FROM GUNSHOTS, ALTHOUGH THIS COULD NOT BE FORENSICALLY PROVEN BECAUSE OF THE LATER DESTRUCTION (BY FIRE) OF THE COMPOUND.
The raid initiated a 51-day standoff with the ATF as well as the FBI. Koresh released 24 members from the compound, who were mostly children, and continued the stand-off with authorities which was broadcast daily across the country until day 51 arrived. On that day, the government brought in heavy equipment and penetrated the compound with a tank-like machine which pumped the compound full of CS Gas. What happened next, in the minds of many who saw it, can only be likened to a horror film.
The compound became ablaze with a roaring fire. The all-consuming inferno killed 76 people who were huddled inside. Later, it was determined many of those who’d perished were also shot by firearms. Researchers, who later investigated the incident, concluded federal agents were observed shooting from the compound’s grounds into the building already set ablaze by fire. While the official government narrative is those individuals committed suicide, the researchers were able to demonstrate they were likely killed by automatic weapons fired by federal agents, possibly killed as they were attempting to flee their burning compound.
To this day, the ATF maintains the fire was, “set by cult members, as law enforcement attempted to force them out by introducing tear gas into the building.” And for years, following the fiery destruction of the compound, the FBI maintained the same story line. That was until 1999, when then-Attorney General Janet Reno made the following admission, “I am very, very troubled by the information I received this week suggesting that pyrotechnic devices may have been used in the early morning hours on April the 19th, 1993, at Waco. At this time, all available indications are that the devices were not directed at the main wooden compound, were discharged several hours before the fire started, and were not the cause of the fire. Nonetheless, it is absolutely critical that we do everything humanly possible to learn all the facts as accurately as possible and make them available to the public and Congress.”
Those facts, according to some of the survivors of the fire, who were inside at the time the fire broke out, are undeniable. They are convinced the government used incendiary devices to set ablaze the tear gas which had been pumped into the building. And they’re not alone. According to CBS News, “Independent filmmaker Michael McNulty came upon some evidence that appeared damaging to the government. He found a shell casing from a certain type of tear gas round that could start a fire – a device the Justice Department had denied using for more than six years – publicly and to Congress.” That shell casing led to Reno’s acknowledgment, but the government still has not taken full responsibility, as Reno denied the devices were used to penetrate the building. Questions still remain as to why they would be used at all.
Even though it was later determined Koresh had, indeed, molested children, and was by all intents and purposes a pedophile of the worst kind, the fact remains. The government used gas on its own people which either directly or indirectly led to the deaths of 76 people. There was no international outcry. Foreign governments did not threaten to retaliate against the ATF and the FBI. Russia did not feel compelled to launch guided missiles into the Waco, TX airport. And neither should the United States.
The U.S. has no business in the affairs of Syrians. And just like in Waco, it may take years to know precisely who was responsible for gassing and killing 83 Syrians in the Idlib Province. But go ahead and believe the official government narrative if you’d like. Here at TFTP, we prefer to deal with the facts.




ARTICLE
China has warned President Trump that America must stay out of Syria and cease using military force against the Assad regime. 
“China has always called against using military force in international relations and for preserving territorial sovereignty,” China’s Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said on Monday.
In an obvious condemnation of Trump’s decision to launch missiles into the region, China warned that the crisis could only be resolved by political means.
“It is up to the Syrian people to decide on Syria’s future… China is ready to work with all the sides for resolving the crisis as soon as possible,” the spokesperson added.
Independent.co.uk reports:
Those remarks go further than comments made by Ms Chunying on Friday, when she said Beijing hoped “all sides will stay calm and exercise restraint to prevent the escalation of tension”.
The diplomatic crisis was triggered by a suspected nerve gas attack by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on the town of Khan Sheikhoun, which left more than 80 people dead.
In response, Donald Trump gave the order for the launch of 59 tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at a Syrian air base said to house the chemical agents used in the attack.
The air strike was launched as Donald Trump hosted Mr Xi at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
He used the talks to press Mr Xi to do more to curb North Korea’s nuclear programme, and the meeting was largely judged to be a success, particularly by Chinese state media, who said the event was proof confrontation between the two powers was not inevitable.
Mr Trump tweeted after the Florida summit that the meeting had been “tremendous… goodwill and friendship was formed”.
However, the cordial tone of the meeting was not replicated in the response issued by Russia and Iran to the cruise missile strike.
The alliance supporting the Syrian President warned the US they would “respond with force” if their own “red lines” were crossed in Syria.
“What America waged in an aggression on Syria is a crossing of red lines. From now on we will respond with force to any aggressor or any breach of red lines from whoever it is and America knows our ability to respond well,” the group’s joint command centre said.
China’s reaction to the missile strike is being closely watched, both for the impact it could have on its relationship with North Korea, and how it might affect rapidly shifting geopolitics in the region.
In February, Russia and China vetoed a UN Security Council resolution that would have authorised punitive actions against the Syrian government.
It came after a joint investigative team from the United Nations and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons watchdog group concluded that the Syrian government carried out chlorine gas attacks three times in 2014 and 2015.



ARTICLE
Newly declassified CIA documents reveal that the U.S. government helped Saddam Hussein use chemical weapons on Iranian civilians, which killed 5,000 people and injured over 10,000 more. 
As the Trump administration consider their response to the alleged gas attack in Syria last week, these new documents show that the CIA have a history of colluding with foreign powers in order to commit war crimes on innocent victims.
In the 1980’s, the documents reveal that America’s military and intelligence communities knew about and did absolutely nothing to stop a series of nerve gas attacks on Iranians.
Foreignpolicy.com reports:
In 1988, during the waning days of Iraq’s war with Iran, the United States learned through satellite imagery that Iran was about to gain a major strategic advantage by exploiting a hole in Iraqi defenses. U.S. intelligence officials conveyed the location of the Iranian troops to Iraq, fully aware that Hussein’s military would attack with chemical weapons, including sarin, a lethal nerve agent.
The intelligence included imagery and maps about Iranian troop movements, as well as the locations of Iranian logistics facilities and details about Iranian air defenses. The Iraqis used mustard gas and sarin prior to four major offensives in early 1988 that relied on U.S. satellite imagery, maps, and other intelligence. These attacks helped to tilt the war in Iraq’s favor and bring Iran to the negotiating table, and they ensured that the Reagan administration’s long-standing policy of securing an Iraqi victory would succeed. But they were also the last in a series of chemical strikes stretching back several years that the Reagan administration knew about and didn’t disclose.
U.S. officials have long denied acquiescing to Iraqi chemical attacks, insisting that Hussein’s government never announced he was going to use the weapons. But retired Air Force Col. Rick Francona, who was a military attaché in Baghdad during the 1988 strikes, paints a different picture.
“The Iraqis never told us that they intended to use nerve gas. They didn’t have to. We already knew,” he told Foreign Policy.
According to recently declassified CIA documents and interviews with former intelligence officials like Francona, the U.S. had firm evidence of Iraqi chemical attacks beginning in 1983. At the time, Iran was publicly alleging that illegal chemical attacks were carried out on its forces, and was building a case to present to the United Nations. But it lacked the evidence implicating Iraq, much of which was contained in top secret reports and memoranda sent to the most senior intelligence officials in the U.S. government. The CIA declined to comment for this story.
In contrast to today’s wrenching debate over whether the United States should intervene to stop alleged chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government, the United States applied a cold calculus three decades ago to Hussein’s widespread use of chemical weapons against his enemies and his own people. The Reagan administration decided that it was better to let the attacks continue if they might turn the tide of the war. And even if they were discovered, the CIA wagered that international outrage and condemnation would be muted.
In the documents, the CIA said that Iran might not discover persuasive evidence of the weapons’ use — even though the agency possessed it. Also, the agency noted that the Soviet Union had previously used chemical agents in Afghanistan and suffered few repercussions.
It has been previously reported that the United States provided tactical intelligence to Iraq at the same time that officials suspected Hussein would use chemical weapons. But the CIA documents, which sat almost entirely unnoticed in a trove of declassified material at the National Archives in College Park, Md., combined with exclusive interviews with former intelligence officials, reveal new details about the depth of the United States’ knowledge of how and when Iraq employed the deadly agents. They show that senior U.S. officials were being regularly informed about the scale of the nerve gas attacks. They are tantamount to an official American admission of complicity in some of the most gruesome chemical weapons attacks ever launched.
Top CIA officials, including the Director of Central Intelligence William J. Casey, a close friend of President Ronald Reagan, were told about the location of Iraqi chemical weapons assembly plants; that Iraq was desperately trying to make enough mustard agent to keep up with frontline demand from its forces; that Iraq was about to buy equipment from Italy to help speed up production of chemical-packed artillery rounds and bombs; and that Iraq could also use nerve agents on Iranian troops and possibly civilians.
Officials were also warned that Iran might launch retaliatory attacks against U.S. interests in the Middle East, including terrorist strikes, if it believed the United States was complicit in Iraq’s chemical warfare campaign.
“As Iraqi attacks continue and intensify the chances increase that Iranian forces will acquire a shell containing mustard agent with Iraqi markings,” the CIA reported in a top secret document in November 1983. “Tehran would take such evidence to the U.N. and charge U.S. complicity in violating international law.”
At the time, the military attaché’s office was following Iraqi preparations for the offensive using satellite reconnaissance imagery, Francona told Foreign Policy. According to a former CIA official, the images showed Iraqi movements of chemical materials to artillery batteries opposite Iranian positions prior to each offensive.
Francona, an experienced Middle East hand and Arabic linguist who served in the National Security Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency, said he first became aware of Iraq’s use of chemical weapons against Iran in 1984, while serving as air attaché in Amman, Jordan. The information he saw clearly showed that the Iraqis had used Tabun nerve agent (also known as “GA”) against Iranian forces in southern Iraq.
The declassified CIA documents show that Casey and other top officials were repeatedly informed about Iraq’s chemical attacks and its plans for launching more. “If the Iraqis produce or acquire large new supplies of mustard agent, they almost certainly would use it against Iranian troops and towns near the border,” the CIA said in a top secret document.
But it was the express policy of Reagan to ensure an Iraqi victory in the war, whatever the cost.
The CIA noted in one document that the use of nerve agent “could have a significant impact on Iran’s human wave tactics, forcing Iran to give up that strategy.” Those tactics, which involved Iranian forces swarming against conventionally armed Iraqi positions, had proved decisive in some battles. In March 1984, the CIA reported that Iraq had “begun using nerve agents on the Al Basrah front and likely will be able to employ it in militarily significant quantities by late this fall.”
The use of chemical weapons in war is banned under the Geneva Protocol of 1925, which states that parties “will exert every effort to induce other States to accede to the” agreement. Iraq never ratified the protocol; the United States did in 1975. The Chemical Weapons Convention, which bans the production and use of such arms, wasn’t passed until 1997, years after the incidents in question.
The initial wave of Iraqi attacks, in 1983, used mustard agent. While generally not fatal, mustard causes severe blistering of the skin and mucus membranes, which can lead to potentially fatal infections, and can cause blindness and upper respiratory disease, while increasing the risk of cancer. The United States wasn’t yet providing battlefield intelligence to Iraq when mustard was used. But it also did nothing to assist Iran in its attempts to bring proof of illegal Iraqi chemical attacks to light. Nor did the administration inform the United Nations. The CIA determined that Iran had the capability to bomb the weapons assembly facilities, if only it could find them. The CIA believed it knew the locations.
Hard evidence of the Iraqi chemical attacks came to light in 1984. But that did little to deter Hussein from using the lethal agents, including in strikes against his own people. For as much as the CIA knew about Hussein’s use of chemical weapons, officials resisted providing Iraq with intelligence throughout much of the war. The Defense Department had proposed an intelligence-sharing program with the Iraqis in 1986. But according to Francona, it was nixed because the CIA and the State Department viewed Saddam Hussein as “anathema” and his officials as “thugs.”
The situation changed in 1987. CIA reconnaissance satellites picked up clear indications that the Iranians were concentrating large numbers of troops and equipment east of the city of Basrah, according to Francona, who was then serving with the Defense Intelligence Agency. What concerned DIA analysts the most was that the satellite imagery showed that the Iranians had discovered a gaping hole in the Iraqi lines southeast of Basrah. The seam had opened up at the junction between the Iraqi III Corps, deployed east of the city, and the Iraqi VII Corps, which was deployed to the southeast of the city in and around the hotly contested Fao Peninsula.
The satellites detected Iranian engineering and bridging units being secretly moved to deployment areas opposite the gap in the Iraqi lines, indicating that this was going to be where the main force of the annual Iranian spring offensive was going to fall, Francona said.
In late 1987, the DIA analysts in Francona’s shop in Washington wrote a Top Secret Codeword report partially entitled “At The Gates of Basrah,” warning that the Iranian 1988 spring offensive was going to be bigger than all previous spring offensives, and this offensive stood a very good chance of breaking through the Iraqi lines and capturing Basrah. The report warned that if Basrah fell, the Iraqi military would collapse and Iran would win the war.
President Reagan read the report and, according to Francona, wrote a note in the margin addressed to Secretary of Defense Frank C. Carlucci: “An Iranian victory is unacceptable.”
Subsequently, a decision was made at the top level of the U.S. government (almost certainly requiring the approval of the National Security Council and the CIA). The DIA was authorized to give the Iraqi intelligence services as much detailed information as was available about the deployments and movements of all Iranian combat units. That included satellite imagery and perhaps some sanitized electronic intelligence. There was a particular focus on the area east of the city of Basrah where the DIA was convinced the next big Iranian offensive would come. The agency also provided data on the locations of key Iranian logistics facilities, and the strength and capabilities of the Iranian air force and air defense system. Francona described much of the information as “targeting packages” suitable for use by the Iraqi air force to destroy these targets.
The sarin attacks then followed.
The nerve agent causes dizziness, respiratory distress, and muscle convulsions, and can lead to death. CIA analysts could not precisely determine the Iranian casualty figures because they lacked access to Iranian officials and documents. But the agency gauged the number of dead as somewhere between “hundreds” and “thousands” in each of the four cases where chemical weapons were used prior to a military offensive. According to the CIA, two-thirds of all chemical weapons ever used by Iraq during its war with Iran were fired or dropped in the last 18 months of the war.
By 1988, U.S. intelligence was flowing freely to Hussein’s military. That March, Iraq launched a nerve gas attack on the Kurdish village of Halabja in northern Iraq.
A month later, the Iraqis used aerial bombs and artillery shells filled with sarin against Iranian troop concentrations on the Fao Peninsula southeast of Basrah, helping the Iraqi forces win a major victory and recapture the entire peninsula. The success of the Fao Peninsula offensive also prevented the Iranians from launching their much-anticipated offensive to capture Basrah. According to Francona, Washington was very pleased with the result because the Iranians never got a chance to launch their offensive.
The level of insight into Iraq’s chemical weapons program stands in marked contrast to the flawed assessments, provided by the CIA and other intelligence agencies about Iraq’s program prior to the United States’ invasion in 2003. Back then, American intelligence had better access to the region and could send officials out to assess the damage.
Francona visited the Fao Peninsula shortly after it had been captured by the Iraqis. He found the battlefield littered with hundreds of used injectors once filled with atropine, the drug commonly used to treat sarin’s lethal effects. Francona scooped up a few of the injectors and brought them back to Baghdad — proof that the Iraqis had used sarin on the Fao Peninsula.
In the ensuing months, Francona reported, the Iraqis used sarin in massive quantities three more times in conjunction with massed artillery fire and smoke to disguise the use of nerve agents. Each offensive was hugely successful, in large part because of the increasingly sophisticated use of mass quantities of nerve agents. The last of these attacks, called the Blessed Ramadan Offensive, was launched by the Iraqis in April 1988 and involved the largest use of sarin nerve agent employed by the Iraqis to date. For a quarter-century, no chemical attack came close to the scale of Saddam’s unconventional assaults. Until, perhaps, the strikes last week outside of Damascus.



ARTICLE
Julian Assange claims that the Democrat party deliberately fabricated the Russian hacking story in order to divert attention away from their failures as a party. 
In a new interview with Democracy Now!, the WikiLeaks founder categorically denies that the 20,000 internal emails leaked from the Democratic National Committee last July were from Russia.
According to Assange, U.S. intelligence agencies and some parts of the media are deliberately misleading the public about Russia. 
Democracynow.org reports:

TRANSCRIPT
For more, we speak with Julian Assange from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London:
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Today we spend the hour with Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks. It’s been nearly five years since he entered the Ecuadorean Embassy in London seeking political asylum, fearing a Swedish arrest warrant could lead to his extradition to the United States. Despite being holed up in the embassy, Assange’s impact is still being felt across the globe. His asylum case recently became an issue in the Ecuadorean presidential election. The right-wing candidate, Guillermo Lasso, had vowed to remove Assange from the embassy if he won. But Lasso lost to President Rafael Correa’s former vice president, Lenín Moreno, who said Assange is welcome to stay.
Meanwhile, WikiLeaks recently began releasing a massive trove of secret CIA documents, exposing how the agency has developed tools to hack into and spy on personal phones, computers and televisions all over the world. WikiLeaks described the leak as the largest-ever release of confidential documents on the CIA.
AMY GOODMAN: WikiLeaks’ activity before the 2016 election is also still generating headlines. Just before the Democratic National Convention last July, WikiLeaks published 20,000 internal emails from the Democratic National Committee. Within two days, the head of the DNC, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, resigned her post, in part because the emails showed the DNC worked behind the scenes to discredit and defeat Bernie Sanders, who was challenging Hillary Clinton for the nomination. Less than three months later, WikiLeaks began publishing internal emails from Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta. Soon, Donald Trump was praising WikiLeaks on the campaign trail.
DONALD TRUMP: This just came out. This just came out. WikiLeaks—I love WikiLeaks.
AMY GOODMAN: Between October 7th and Election Day, WikiLeaks would go on to publish 20,000 of Podesta’s emails, generating a rash of negative stories about the Clinton campaign.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Russia of hacking the DNC and Podesta accounts, but many questions still remain about what happened. During a recent congressional hearing, FBI Director James Comey placed the blame on Russia intelligence when questioned by Congressman Adam Schiff.
REP. ADAM SCHIFF: Do you know whether the Russian intelligence services dealt directly with WikiLeaks or whether they, too, used an intermediary?
JAMES COMEY: We assess they used some kind of cutout. They didn’t deal directly with WikiLeaks, in contrast to DC Leaks and Guccifer 2.0.
AMY GOODMAN: That was FBI Director James Comey on March 20th.
Well, joining us now from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London is Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks.
Julian, welcome back to Democracy Now!
JULIAN ASSANGE: Good morning, Amy.
AMY GOODMAN: Did Russia leak the documents, either the DNC documents or the John Podesta emails, to WikiLeaks?
JULIAN ASSANGE: We have said quite clearly that our source is not a member of any state, including the Russian government. Now, if you look at these statements by James Comey, James Clapper, going back a couple of months, statements by Barack Obama, they all are harmonious with our description. Now, what—what the U.S. investigation by James Comey seems to be trying to say, at least in public, is that they perceive that there was some Russian hacking, or at least some hacking from somewhere, of the DNC, other institutions in the United States. In fact, the allegations are that several thousands of people were hacked in those operations.
AMY GOODMAN: But how do you know—how do you know it’s not Russia? How do you know it’s not a state actor, since you usually say you don’t know who gives you documents?
JULIAN ASSANGE: We look very closely at our publications. We tend to come to a good understanding of them. And so, we’re not willing to go into details about our source, because it might describe the sort of person they are, the sort of jurisdiction that they’re in, which could put them at risk. But we have said clearly that our source is not a member of the Russian state. And even the U.S. government is not suggesting that our source is a member of the Russian state.
And what appears to be going on is that there have been observations of hacking of thousands of people or attempted hacking of thousands of people. That’s quite normal in intelligence gathering activity before an election. Presumably, that’s been carried out by many states. I would be surprised if that doesn’t include Russia. And over here, there’s the publications of WikiLeaks. And what there isn’t is something in between the middle. So, there’s an allegation that, well, if there’s been hacking here, and there’s publication over here, then these must be directly, causally, intentionally related. But so far, there’s no evidence for that.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Julian, I want to turn to Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff speaking at a hearing of the House Intelligence Committee last month.
REP. ADAM SCHIFF: Later in July and after the convention, the first stolen emails detrimental to Hillary Clinton appear on WikiLeaks. A hacker who goes by the moniker Guccifer 2.0 claims responsibility for hacking the DNC and giving the documents to WikiLeaks. The leading private cybersecurity firms, including CrowdStrike, Mandiant and ThreatConnect, reviewed the evidence of the hack and conclude, with high certainty, that it was the work of APT 28 and APT 29, who are known to be Russian intelligence services. The U.S. intelligence community also later confirms that the documents were in fact stolen by Russian intelligence, and Guccifer 2.0 acted as a front. Also in late July, candidate Trump praises WikiLeaks, says he loves them, and openly appeals to the Russians to hack his opponent’s emails, telling them that they will be richly rewarded by the press.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: That was Congressman Adam Schiff. Julian, I’m wondering if you could respond to some of the things he’s saying in that statement?
JULIAN ASSANGE: Well, Mr. Schiff is a Democratic congressman who’s trying to whip up a kind of neo-McCarthyist fervor in order to distract from the epic failure of Hillary Clinton and that team when they lost, of all people, to Donald Trump. So, it’s not particularly interesting.
I think we should pull back and put things in context. The United States government, since 1950, has intervened in 81 elections—interfered, to use Schiff’s language, in 81 elections. That is not including coups, which have overthrown the government. So there’s a long history of the United States doing this to places around the world, in infamous ways, and, most recently, alleged interference in the election of Israel. So, I think we should understand that the United States is in a glass house when it comes to allegations of attempting to interfere with or influence election results.
But let’s look at what is the real meat of this issue. How is it alleged that Russia has interfered in the U.S. election process? While they say there’s been a variety of hacks, well, that’s quite normal intelligence gathering process, as far as can be determined, and a few extremely ineffectual websites, such as DC Leaks or Guccifer 2.0, that no one really paid any attention to, and then there’s our publications, which people really did pay attention to.
Now, what is in our publications? Well, from our perspective, we have just published, accurately and fairly, what Hillary Clinton said her positions were, in her secret speeches to Goldman Sachs and in relation to the DNC and its attempt to rig the election to exclude the primary—primary person, sorry, to exclude Bernie Sanders. So, at the heart of this issue is whether people were told the truth about Hillary Clinton and the DNC. If there hadn’t been an ugly truth there, it wouldn’t have made any difference. There was an ugly truth. And we published, accurately and fairly, that ugly truth. Now, our source wasn’t from the Russian state. But if it had been from a state, would we have suppressed that information before an election, or would we have accurately and fairly published it? Of course we would have published it.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, but, Julian, I wanted to ask you, in relations to what you said, we’ve had other guests on, for instance, Scott Horton, who said, yes, you’re absolutely right, the United States has been involved in seeking to destabilize governments and overthrow governments all over the world. But Horton said that there’s a difference between what Russia attempted to do and whether anyone in the Trump administration colluded with Russia or helped or cooperated or had conversations with the Russians as they were seeking to destabilize the U.S. elections. And Scott Horton says that would be definitely a problematic issue for Trump. I’m wondering your thoughts about that?
JULIAN ASSANGE: I would agree. That would be interesting and unusual. I don’t think it’s true. I think it is interesting that, early on, that Trump and people around him took a position of rapprochement towards Russia, very strong position of rapprochement towards Russia, and not a classically Republican position. I think that is interesting. It is somewhat compatible with Trump’s statements going back a very long time.
But I would be surprised if that turns out to be significant. Why do I say that? Well, Trump had very little business success in Russia. He hasn’t managed to build a hotel in Russia. He hasn’t gotten any—as far as can be determined, any good deals in Russia. And when you see him making statements during the election campaign on the stage—”Hey, Russia, if you’ve got those emails, give them to our—give them to the press. They’ll be very pleased about it”—when you see statements like that, this is not the sort of statement that you make if you are already—if you already have a communications channel and you’re already engaged in an active conspiracy. For people like Paul Manafort, that’s someone who’s perfectly capable of engaging in—in, well, let’s say, dodgy activities. They have a long history of working for various parties in different ways. Have they asked for support through Paul Manafort? Maybe. But if you’re looking at the top level, involving Trump, what I see is a great weakness, an inability to get anything concretely done in Russia.
AMY GOODMAN: You know, while Trump may or may not have investments in Russia, it’s very clear the oligarchs in Russia have bailed him out to the tune of tens of millions of dollars, if not more, in the United States, when he was building buildings, having gone bankrupt many times, hard to get a line of credit, in places like just right near Democracy Now!, Trump SoHo, a major building project downtown Manhattan. But I wanted to turn back to Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff speaking at a hearing of the House Intelligence Committee last month.
REP. ADAM SCHIFF: On August 8th, Roger Stone, a longtime Trump political adviser and self-proclaimed political dirty trickster, boasts in a speech that he has communicated with Assange and that more documents would be coming, including an October surprise. In the middle of August, he also communicates with the Russian cutout Guccifer 2.0 and authors a Breitbart piece denying Guccifer’s links to Russian intelligence. Then, later in August, Stone does something truly remarkable, when he predicts that John Podesta’s personal emails will soon be published. “Trust me,” he says, “it will soon be Podesta’s time in the barrel, hashtag #CrookedHillary.” In the weeks that follow, Stone shows a remarkable prescience. “I have total confidence that WikiLeaks and my hero, Julian Assange, will educate the American people soon,” he says, hashtag, “#LockHerUp.” “Payload coming,” he predicts. And two days later, it does. WikiLeaks releases its first batch of Podesta emails. The release of John Podesta’s emails would then continue on a daily basis up until the election.
AMY GOODMAN: And this is Trump adviser Roger Stone speaking on August 8th.
REPORTER: Now, with regard to the October surprise, what would be your forecast on that, given what Julian Assange has intimated he’s going to do?
ROGER STONE: Well, it could be any number of things. I actually have communicated with Assange. I believe the next tranche of his documents pertain to the Clinton Foundation. But there’s no telling what the October surprise may be.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Roger Stone, speaking August 8th in Broward County, Florida. If you could respond to the substance of what they’re saying, Julian, and explain what is your relationship with Roger Stone?
JULIAN ASSANGE: Well, I don’t want to be an apologist for these people, but, really, party politics in the United States is something that everyone has to get away from, this creation of two polarities by different elites that then suck up all the political energy in the country. Well, we can talk a little bit later about what’s happened to the Trump administration and this fascinating process that we have been seeing about how many days does it take for the security sector to digest a president. Something like 75 appears to be the answer.
OK, Roger Stone, I’ve never communicated with the guy, and he’s never communicated with me, other than very recently to say, “What are you doing, saying that we have communicated? Please explain,” because as far as all our records are concerned, we haven’t. He has simply brilliantly inserted himself into this equation. Now, remember, Stone was pushed out in 2015 from the Trump campaign. When WikiLeaks was engaged in its publications exposing interference in the primary process at the DNC, that was the biggest thing on the political radar for that time period. And so, Stone, having nowhere to be, decided to suggest that he had communications with us.
But let’s look at his predictions. He predicted that our publications were going to be about the Clinton Foundation. He was wrong. All his other predictions, where they’re accurate, are statements that we made them public. We said we had information about Hillary Clinton, that we were going to publish it, etc. So, when you hear Adam Schiff saying, oh, that Roger Stone said that there’s—that WikiLeaks publications are coming, we were saying—I was saying on TV interviews that we had publications that were coming that were about Hillary Clinton. So, Stone predicted that we were going to publish on October 4. We didn’t publish on October 4. That was our 10-year anniversary, etc. Literally, there’s no predictions that he has made in relation to us, that have come true, that have not been public.
So, I think, you know, you have to admire the chutzpah of how he has played on Democratic desires to see a connection, and has exploited that in order to sell his books and in order to gain prominence. I mean, it’s very impressive. He just simply lays out a piece of bait that he understands that the Democratically aligned press will leap forward slavishly and put that hook in their mouth—
AMY GOODMAN: Julian, we have to break.
JULIAN ASSANGE: —because it—because it suits him.
AMY GOODMAN: But we’re going to come back to this conversation. Julian Assange, founder and editor-in-chief of WikiLeaks, speaking to us from inside the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, where he has been holed up for almost five years. This is Democracy Now! We’ll be back with Julian in a moment.



ARTICLE
Hackers penetrated the emergency warning system of the city of Dallas, Texas, late on Friday night, setting off 156 emergency sirens that kept residents awake till the early hours of Saturday.
City officials confirm that there was no extreme weather emergency on Friday night and that the system was breached by hackers believed to be from the Dallas area, causing a flood of calls to 9/11 centers.
abc7 reports:

Technicians were trying to determine how to bring the system back online without the risk of it being hacked again, he said. In the meantime, the public has access to other alert systems. Vaz said he hoped to have the siren system back up by Sunday.
The sirens began sounding at 11:42 p.m. Friday. Officials deactivated the entire system by 1:17 a.m. Saturday. Vaz said the sirens went through about 15 cycles of a 90-second siren activation.
“We shut it down as quickly as we could, taking into consideration all of the precautions and protocols we had to take to make sure that we were not compromising our 156-siren system,” he said.
City spokeswoman Sana Syed said officials believe the hack came from the Dallas area. Vaz said city officials have asked the Federal Communications Commission for help in determining who was behind the hack. He said police were not involved yet.
“We can’t talk a whole lot about the hack itself, because obviously we don’t want this to happen again,” Syed said.
Syed said that there was a surge in calls to 911 during the time the sirens were sounding. She said that they had about 4,400 calls from about 11:30 p.m. Friday to about 3 a.m. Saturday. She said that usually from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. they get about half that number of calls. The largest surge came from 12 a.m. to 12:15 a.m., when about 800 calls were received. The longest wait time was six minutes.



ARTICLE
A U.S. Navy carrier strike group led by the USS Carl Vinson is moving closer to the Korean Peninsula, defense officials announced Saturday.
It follows recent provocations by North Korea threatening to acquire nuclear missiles capable of hitting the U.S. and her allies in the region.
NBC News reports:
Adm. Harry Harris ordered the Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group to travel north from Singapore to the Western Pacific Ocean, Pacific Command said in a news release.
The U.S. official said the strike group will provide a show of presence in the region. Since March, North Korea has twice carried out ballistic missile tests in defiance of United Nations resolutions. It has also conducted five suspected nuclear tests, including two last year.

Within hours of the U.S. announcement, North Korea vowed to boost its defenses. A foreign ministry official told the country’s state-run news agency that recent U.S. airstrikes on Syria proved that it needed to protect itself against Washington.
“The recent U.S. military attack on Syria is an action of warning,” the report said, according to the Associated Press. “We will bolster up in every way our capability for self-defense to cope with the U.S. evermore reckless moves for a war and defend ourselves with our own force.”
Dave Benham, a spokesman for U.S. Pacific Command, earlier said moving the carrier strike group was a “prudent measure to maintain readiness and presence in the Western Pacific.”
“The number one threat in the region continues to be North Korea, due to its reckless, irresponsible, and destabilizing program of missile tests and pursuit of a nuclear weapons capability,” Benham said.
Some U.S. allies in the region welcomed Washington’s moves.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe praised the “strong commitment” of President Donald Trump to global and allied security after his second call with Trump in four days, Reuters reported.
The two leaders agreed to remain in close contact along with South Korea on the North and to closely watch China’s response to Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear development, Abe told reporters at his official residence.
The U.S. move comes after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced a change in approach to curb North Korea’s ambitions for its weapons programs.
In South Korea last month, Tillerson said “the policy of strategic patience has ended.” He said military option is on the table if the North Korea elevates the threat of its weapons program.
The decision to move the carrier group also comes days after the United States launched a Tomahawk missile strike against a Syrian government airbase in response to a chemical weapon attack allegedly carried out by the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country’s civil war.
The Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group will leave Singapore and head to the Western Pacific Ocean, the Pacific Command said.
The strike group includes a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, aircraft, two guided missile destroyers and a guided missile cruiser, the military said. It deployed around 7,500 sailors when it left port in San Diego on Jan. 5. The strike group has participated in numerous exercises with Japan’s Maritime Self Defense Force and the South Korean navy, the military said.



ARTICLE
A mysterious Russian complex nestled on the edge of a volcanic crater in Nicaragua is causing concern among U.S. intelligence experts.
The secret military base lies within striking distance of the United States for medium-range nuclear missiles.
The cold war between the Soviet Union and U.S. was fought all around the globe until the Soviets capitulated to the shenanigans of the bourgeois-capitalists and threw in the towel.
The result is today’s world, where the living borrow from money-lenders, using their unborn children as collateral to invest in a global pyramid scam.
The money scam- which ultimately led to the birth of communism and the subsequent clash with capitalism- started at the time of Jesus and presently dominates the world.
Through Wall Street and their centers of power in Europe and U.S. the Illuminati rule the world.
Or so they thought, until Putin came along and started giving them a run for their money.
In Central America, Nicaragua was one of the main battlefields, where capitalism fought communism on behalf of the CIA and KGB.
The new compound, believed to be a Russian satellite station, sits above a volcanic crater in Managua, facing the U.S. Embassy.
Daily Mail reports:
The center, which is believed to be a satellite station, has been built near the Laguna de Nejapa in Managua – the capital of the Central American nation.
The Washington Post reports the local government described the complex as, ‘simply a tracking site of the Russian version of a GPS satellite system’, but not everyone is convinced it isn’t something more sinister.
‘Clearly there’s been a lot of activity, and it’s on the uptick now,’ a US official and expert on Central America, told the newspaper.
Other officials said there are concerns the hub could be a ‘dual use’ facility, meaning it could house equipment and workers with the ability to conduct electronic surveillance against American citizens.
From where the compound is located, it offers those who are based there a clear view of the US Embassy about 10 miles away in the heart of Managua.
One local spoke about the type of people working at the GPS center.
‘I have no idea,’ she told the Times, when asked about rumors it was a spy center, before adding: ‘They are Russian, and they speak Russian, and they carry around Russian apparatuses.’
The increase in activity is the latest in a growing string of similar upticks by Putin’s government in recent years – including sending troops into Crimea, backing Ukrainian separatists, and the country’s involvement in Syria and Iraq.
Security experts, according to the Times, believe this could be different however, as it could be a direct response to American activity in Eastern Europe.
And while the US is not entirely alarmed, it is on alert – and acting accordingly. A new State Department chief appointed to the landlocked country was moved there from the Russian desk.
Other American officials, the Times reports, who have recently been sent to Nicaragua speak Russian or have experience in the former Soviet state.
The US and Russia have a long and complicated history with Nicaragua, as the Soviet Union backed rebels during the Cold War to overthrow the American-supported dictator, Anastazio Somoza in 1979.
The CIA was quick to respond at threw its weight behind rebels known as ‘contras’ – who fought against the Soviet-friendly Sandinistas.
In the war that followed, tens of thousands were killed.
And in recent years, Russia has worked in the country to reestablish its foothold, which largely disappeared after the Soviet Union fell.
Putin’s government has donated everything from wheat to buses to Nicaragua – support which was seen by many intelligence officials as an attempt by the Russians to have a military presence in the heart of Central America.
It has also sold tanks and other military equipment to the Nicaraguan government.
The Times reports experts on the country and believe there are about 250 Russian military personnel currently stationed there.
Juan Gonzalez told the newspaper America and other countries nearby are right to be worried about just what Russia is up to.
‘The United States and countries of the region should be concerned,’ Gonzalez – who was deputy assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs under President Barack Obama – said.
‘Nicaragua offers a beachhead for Russia to expand its intel capabilities and election meddling close to the United States.’



ARTICLE
Within a matter of days U.S. President Donald Trump has become the darling of the presstitute media after pulling the trigger on Syria and starting a bombing campaign on a sovereign country.
The mainstream media, who were getting ready to impeach the new president, have now taken him into their bosom, praising him for his presidential prowess after he utilized dozens of expensive Tomahawk cruise missiles on a war ravaged Muslim dominated country in the Middle East.
Syria sits at an important crossroad between east and west, north and south and is blessed with natural resources, both human and mineral.
Trump is a successful professional TV presenter and knows when and how to put on a show.
He puts emphasis more on the when than the how, which makes him look unpredictable, while giving him leeway to modify the how if need be, making him look very capable.
The “chemical attack” at Khan Sheikoun was faked and a show; though a number of people were killed or hurt during its production.
From Global Research:
This video for example, of doctors and patients in an emergency room was pure theater, taken over a longer time period. The main presenter was a well-known criminal Takfiri but with links to the British secret service. The whole show was perfected, by specialists one would think, to fit for U.S. TV screens.
Click image to view
There were no scenes, zero in all the coverage, that showed casualties in places where they were surprised by gas and died. No basement was searched, no place of work or living was shown – only rescue centers. The male “victims” were clean shaven, despite living in al-Qaeda land. They even had two blond “Syrian” kids in there (vid) to convince the racist constituency that “revenge” was needed and just. A cut right out of Wag The Dog (vid). It is now racist to object to the war!
Dilbert creator Scott Adams, one of the few who understands Trump‘s persuasion style and predicted his win, remarks:
It is almost as if someone designed this “tragedy” to be camera-ready for President Trump’s consumption. It pushed every one of his buttons. Hard. And right when things in Syria were heading in a positive direction.
…
I’m going to call bullshit on the gas attack. It’s too “on-the-nose,” as Hollywood script-writers sometimes say, meaning a little too perfect to be natural. This has the look of a manufactured event.
…
So how does a Master Persuader respond to a fake war crime?
He does it with a fake response, if he’s smart.
The response by the U.S. was not completely fake but as small as it could be. The base was warned and had been evacuated. All movable and valuable stuff had been taken away. The attack was even smaller than planned. The Russian Defense Ministry says only 23 out of 59 cruise missiles hit the base. The others were shot down by air defense or diverted by the famous Russian Electronic Counter Measures. The Pentagon insists that all 59 hit. But the pictures and video from the base only show damage to 11 aircraft shelters. Additionally one radar, one missile launcher and a fuel depot were hit. That effect is too small for 59 impacts. The base was in use again 12 hours after the strike. The attack on it was not really serious.
Adams makes it look as if Trump did not sign off on the whole stunt before it happened. As if it was made for Trump’s consumption. Why does he think so? Does he believe the CIA bureaucrats would not ask for a direct order and presidential cover before launching such a risky operation?
The pictures and scenes were not constructed for Trump’s consumption. They were constructed by Trump for consumption by the “western” public. Never forget that Trump is also a successful professional TV presenter who knows how to act in front of cameras. The plot followed Trump’s persuasion style. The same style he used during the campaign and that let him win. Trump had several reasons to create such an incident. It was perfectly timed for the visit of the Chinese President Xi. This was a stunt to Trump’s liking. It was his production. The blond children were there to allowed for his “Beautiful babies were cruelly murdered …” punch line. Trump proudly produced and presented to you: “Trump the NEW President”.
The whole show was designed to let Trump look strong and presidential and to get rid of the “Russia Gate” nonsense the neocons ran against him. The prospect of stopping those attacks was an offer he could not refuse. Here a tweet of mine sent on the evening before the attack was launched:

Those who once warned that Trump would launch a new world war now laud him for nearly doing so:
Editorial boards of NYT, WaPo, WSJ, USAToday, DailyNews, SJ Mercury News, Houston Chon & Chicago Sun Times all endorsed Trumps Syria strikes.
“Russia Gate” is – for now – forgiven and forgotten. The NeverTrump-ers applause the strike and want more of them, ever more war and “regime change” in favor of al-Qaeda’s rule.
More strikes may well come. The precedent has been established. Whenever al-Qaeda in Idleb comes under pressure and needs help we will see another fake “chemical attack”. Will Trump follow up on those? Or will he manage to set aside the outrage that will follow such “attacks” when it does not fit his plans? Was this a one-time show? Or will Trump serialize it?
The open Syrian, Iranian and Russian response will be an intensification of the operations in Idleb. They will smash the “rebels” there by air and push more troops into that direction. The Russian organized flight coordination over Syria has been called off. Belgium already said its airforce will no longer take part in any U.S. “coalition” operation over Syria. Others will follow that example. An asymmetric response elsewhere will follow later. U.S. forces in the wider region better watch their backs.
Some people have wondered why the Chinese criticism of the attack at the UN Security Council or during Xi’s meeting with Trump was rather mild. The Chinese believe that the best that can happen to them is a United States bogged down in further Middle East calamities. If the U.S. is busy in Iraq, Yemen and Syria it will have fewer capacity to mess up North Korea or seek a conflict over this or that atoll in the South China Sea. I can not blame them for that position.
Bonus: A truly journalistic highlight in U.S. news coverage of our time is this recommendation by CNN:
Jake Tapper @jaketapper
For more on Syria follow @AlabedBana
4:59pm · 4 Apr 2017
Do it! Be informed! Follow the 7 year old daughter of a Syrian Takfiri in Turkey. Videos of her show that she can not understand, speak or write English but she knows how to manipulate her audience in perfect tweets:
Bana Alabed @AlabedBana
Putin and Bashar al Asad bombed my school, killed my friends & robbed my childhood. It’s time to punish the killers of children in Syria.
10:09am · 7 Apr 2017
Her producers let her look more intelligent that Tapper will ever be. (For background on that M.I.T./MI-6 “Bana” child exploitation enterprise see here.)
UPDATE: Jake Tapper has since deleted his tweet above, but we took a screenshot before he did so 🙂
The original source of this article is Moon of Alabama



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is considering implementing new sanctions against Russia and Iran, the US ambassador to the UN said.
“We’re calling [Russia and Iran] out,” US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in an interview with CNN on Sunday.
Speaking to the host of the State of the Union show Jake Tapper, the US official said that the issue of the new sanctions is already being discussed.
“But I don’t think anything is off the table at this point. I think what you’re going to see is strong leadership. You’re going to continue to see the United States act when we need to act,” she said.
Press TV reports:
The comments were made after US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he would look into stepping up sanctions on Russia and Iran, which support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The two countries are already under various types of US sanctions.
Washington has alleged that the government of President Assad is responsible for the last week’s suspected chemical attack in Idlib province which killed more than 80 people.
Moscow and Damascus have denied that the Syrian government had anything to do with the attack. The Russian Defense Ministry said the US had no proof of chemical weapons at al-Shayrat airbase, where it fired 59 Tomahawk missiles, killing several people and reportedly destroying a number of Syrian aircraft.
Iran has condemned both the alleged chemical attack and the US missile strike on Syria, saying Washington’s illegal action will embolden terrorist groups in the Middle East region.
‘US has evidence that Assad was behind attack’
In her interview with CNN, Haley insisted that the US administration has evidence that the Syrian government was behind the April 4 chemical attack
“What we’ve seen is, you know, in our meetings this week, we were told of the evidence,” she said. “We saw the evidence. The President saw the evidence. All of that is naturally classified. And I’m sure when they can declassify that, they will.”
On Sunday, Haley once again threatened Syria with further military action, saying President Donald Trump could order more strikes if necessary.  She issued a similar threat hours after the April 7 missile strike.
“I was trying to give warning and notice to the members of the Security Council and the international community that (Trump) won’t stop here,” she said, adding. “If he needs to do more, he will do more.”
‘US strike intended to send message to Russia’
In a separate interview NBC News on Sunday, Haley said the US missile attack in Syria was intended to send a message to the Russian government.
“The entire administration was in agreement that this was something that had to be done. This was something that needed to tell Assad, ‘Enough is enough,'” she said.
“And this is something to let Russia know, ‘You know what? We’re not going to have you cover for this regime anymore. And we’re not going to allow things like this to happen to innocent people.'”
She went on to say that the United States will not allow Russian President Vladimir Putin to “have Assad’s back anymore.”



ARTICLE
Seth Rich was assassinated after leaking DNC emails to Guccifer 2.0, the hacker credited with breaching the Democratic National Committees’s email system and exposing widespread DNC corruption and collusion with mainstream media, according to Twitter direct messages released by WikiLeaks on Saturday.
WikiLeaks released the series of direct messages from @GUCCIFER_2 to actress Robin Young (@Robbin_Young), a former Playboy model and James Bond girl from the film For Your Eyes Only.

The two exchanged a series of messages in August 2016 and developed enough rapport that Guccifer 2.0 trusted her with revealing that Seth Rich was his whistleblower after the 27-year-old DNC staffer was murdered in a suspicious fashion in Washington DC.
Guccifer 2.0: his name is seth.he was my whistleblower
I suppose you know who I’m talking about
Robbin Young: Yes, and it was horrifying to hear abut his death. I have no facts, but my opinion is Hillary had him murdered.
This may explain why the DNC did not allow the FBI to look at its servers.
Rich was shot at in the back at 4:20 AM on July 10th 2016 after leaving his girlfriend’s apartment in the Bloomingdale neighborhood of Washington D.C.
Police ruled the incident an attempted robbery, even though the killers did not take Rich’s wallet, phone, or watch. Rich’s girlfriend told NBC Washington, “There had been a struggle. His hands were bruised, his knees are bruised, his face is bruised, and yet he had two shots to his back, and yet they never took anything…They didn’t finish robbing him, they just took his life.”


 
To read all of the direct messages between Guccifer 2.0 and Robbin Young, click here.
Robbin Young has published a web page with all of her direct messages to Guccifer 2.0. She claims in a tweet that she brought all of this evidence to the police and mainstream media but “no one cared” until WikiLeaks promoted her story.

This revelation corroborates with what Julian Assange hinted at in an interview in August last year.
“There’s a 27-year-old who works for the DNC and who was shot in the back, murdered, just a few weeks ago, for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington,” Assange said on Dutch television program Nieuwsuur.
“Whistleblowers often take very significant efforts to bring us material and often at very significant risks,” Assange said.

When asked by host Eelco Bosch if he was alleging Seth Rich was an assassinated whistleblower, Assange said, “I am suggesting that our sources take risks and they become concerned to see things occurring like that.“

Once again, conspiracy theorist are proven correct… add another name to the Clinton kill list.



ARTICLE
Child abusing rabbis who perform traditional Jewish circumcisions that involve sucking the baby boy’s penis are responsible for an outbreak of herpes in New York City, police sources confirm. 
The Orthodox Jewish tradition known as “oral suction circumcision” goes back to biblical times but it has created a modern-day dilemma for New York City law enforcement and health officials, who have linked it to at least 17 cases of infant herpes since 2000. Two died and two others suffered brain damage.
“Just because they have been doing it since Biblical times doesn’t mean it’s not sick and perverted,” an NYPD spokesman said.
Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration, which came into power in 2014 with a promise to reconsider an existing regulation on the ritual, is now negotiating with a group of rabbis over how to protect children’s health while still preserving religious freedom.
“The talks are ongoing but I cannot go into particulars,” said Avi Fink, the mayor’s deputy director of intergovernmental affairs who has been leading the talks. “Our goal is to achieve awareness of the risks.”
USA Today reports:
With a swift swipe of his scalpel, Rabbi A. Romi Cohn circumcises the baby boy, then leans down and sucks the blood from the wound as prayers in Hebrew fill the Brooklyn synagogue.
Such oral suction circumcisions are relatively rare, even in New York City, which is home to more than a million Jews — the largest Jewish population outside Israel. City health officials estimate more than 3,000 babies are circumcised each year using the oral suction method — formally called metzitzah b’peh in Hebrew.
A 2012 report by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advised against the practice, saying it increases the risk of herpes infection in baby boys by 3.4 times that of other male newborns.
Oral suction circumcisions first came under scrutiny during Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s administration, and the city’s health board voted in 2012 to regulate the practice by asking a parent or guardian to sign a consent form indicating possible risks.
Health officials point to a number of factors they say have linked the known cases to the ritual. They look for lesions on the genitalia, indicating that’s where the virus started. In addition, lab tests have showed that the timing of the infection coincides with the circumcision.
Two cases were recorded after oral suction in 2013 and four last year. In the most recent case, diagnosed in November, a baby boy was found to have lesions on his penis. But of those six cases, parents refused to identify the person who performed the circumcision — called a mohel — in four.
In the two cases in which the circumcisers were identified, both declined to be tested, the Health Department said. They were banned from performing the ritual.
The consent forms remain the regulatory standard for now, but most ultra-Orthodox rabbis have told their faithful not to comply, and the city acknowledges it does not collect them unless there is suspicion of herpes.



ARTICLE
An Ex-CIA agent claims that the official story suggesting Assad committed a chemical attack against his own people in Syria is a “massive sham”.
According to former CIA officer Philip Giraldi, the gas attack that killed dozens of innocent Syrian civilians on Tuesday, was actually committed by Al Qaeda-affiliated rebels, as part of a false flag exercise designed to justify the removal of Assad by the West.
Consortiumnews.com reports:
One intelligence source told me that the most likely scenario was a staged event by the rebels intended to force Trump to reverse a policy, announced only days earlier, that the U.S. government would no longer seek “regime change” in Syria and would focus on attacking the common enemy, Islamic terror groups that represent the core of the rebel forces.
The source said the Trump national security team split between the President’s close personal advisers, such as nationalist firebrand Steve Bannon and son-in-law Jared Kushner, on one side and old-line neocons who have regrouped under National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, an Army general who was a protégé of neocon favorite Gen. David Petraeus.
White House Infighting
In this telling, the earlier ouster of retired Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser and this week’s removal of Bannon from the National Security Council were key steps in the reassertion of neocon influence inside the Trump presidency. The strange personalities and ideological extremism of Flynn and Bannon made their ousters easier, but they were obstacles that the neocons wanted removed.
Though Bannon and Kushner are often presented as rivals, the source said, they shared the belief that Trump should tell the truth about Syria, revealing the Obama administration’s CIA analysis that a fatal sarin gas attack in 2013 was a “false-flag” operation intended to sucker President Obama into fully joining the Syrian war on the side of the rebels — and the intelligence analysts’ similar beliefs about Tuesday’s incident.
Instead, Trump went along with the idea of embracing the initial rush to judgment blaming Assad for the Idlib poison-gas event. The source added that Trump saw Thursday night’s missile assault as a way to change the conversation in Washington, where his administration has been under fierce attack from Democrats claiming that his election resulted from a Russian covert operation.
If changing the narrative was Trump’s goal, it achieved some initial success with several of Trump’s fiercest neocon critics, such as neocon Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, praising the missile strike, as did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The neocons and Israel have long sought “regime change” in Damascus even if the ouster of Assad might lead to a victory by Islamic extremists associated with Al Qaeda and/or the Islamic State.
Wagging the Dog
Trump employing a “wag the dog” strategy, in which he highlights his leadership on an international crisis to divert attention from domestic political problems, is reminiscent of President Bill Clinton’s decision to attack Serbia in 1999 as impeachment clouds were building around his sexual relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky.
Trump’s advisers, in briefing the press on Thursday night, went to great lengths to highlight Trump’s compassion toward the victims of the poison gas and his decisiveness in bombing Assad’s military in contrast to Obama’s willingness to allow the intelligence community to conduct a serious review of the evidence surrounding the 2013 sarin-gas case.
Ultimately, Obama listened to his intelligence advisers who told him there was no “slam-dunk” evidence implicating Assad’s regime and he pulled back from a military strike at the last minute – while publicly maintaining the fiction that the U.S. government was certain of Assad’s guilt.
In both cases – 2013 and 2017 – there were strong reasons to doubt Assad’s responsibility. In 2013, he had just invited United Nations inspectors into Syria to investigate cases of alleged rebel use of chemical weapons and thus it made no sense that he would launch a sarin attack in the Damascus suburbs, guaranteeing that the U.N. inspectors would be diverted to that case.
Similarly, now, Assad’s military has gained a decisive advantage over the rebels and he had just scored a major diplomatic victory with the Trump administration’s announcement that the U.S. was no longer seeking “regime change” in Syria. The savvy Assad would know that a chemical weapon attack now would likely result in U.S. retaliation and jeopardize the gains that his military has achieved with Russian and Iranian help.
The counter-argument to this logic – made by The New York Times and other neocon-oriented news outlets – essentially maintains that Assad is a crazed barbarian who was testing out his newfound position of strength by baiting President Trump. Of course, if that were the case, it would have made sense that Assad would have boasted of his act, rather than deny it.
But logic and respect for facts no longer prevail inside Official Washington, nor inside the mainstream U.S. news media.
Intelligence Uprising
Alarm within the U.S. intelligence community about Trump’s hasty decision to attack Syria reverberated from the Middle East back to Washington, where former CIA officer Philip Giraldi reported hearing from his intelligence contacts in the field that they were shocked at how the new poison-gas story was being distorted by Trump and the mainstream U.S. news media.
Giraldi told Scott Horton’s Webcast: “I’m hearing from sources on the ground in the Middle East, people who are intimately familiar with the intelligence that is available who are saying that the essential narrative that we’re all hearing about the Syrian government or the Russians using chemical weapons on innocent civilians is a sham.”
Giraldi said his sources were more in line with an analysis postulating an accidental release of the poison gas after an Al Qaeda arms depot was hit by a Russian airstrike.
“The intelligence confirms pretty much the account that the Russians have been giving … which is that they hit a warehouse where the rebels – now these are rebels that are, of course, connected with Al Qaeda – where the rebels were storing chemicals of their own and it basically caused an explosion that resulted in the casualties. Apparently the intelligence on this is very clear.”
Giraldi said the anger within the intelligence community over the distortion of intelligence to justify Trump’s military retaliation was so great that some covert officers were considering going public.
“People in both the agency [the CIA] and in the military who are aware of the intelligence are freaking out about this because essentially Trump completely misrepresented what he already should have known – but maybe he didn’t – and they’re afraid that this is moving toward a situation that could easily turn into an armed conflict,” Giraldi said before Thursday night’s missile strike. “They are astonished by how this is being played by the administration and by the U.S. media.”
One-Sided Coverage
The mainstream U.S. media has presented the current crisis with the same profound neocon bias that has infected the coverage of Syria and the larger Middle East for decades. For instance, The New York Times on Friday published a lead story by Michael R. Gordon and Michael D. Shear that treated the Syrian government’s responsibility for the poison-gas incident as flat-fact. The lengthy story did not even deign to include the denials from Syria and Russia that they were responsible for any intentional deployment of poison gas.
The article also fit with Trump’s desire that he be portrayed as a decisive and forceful leader. He is depicted as presiding over intense deliberations of war or peace and displaying a deep humanitarianism regarding the poison-gas victims, one of the rare moments when the Times, which has become a reliable neocon propaganda sheet, has written anything favorable about Trump at all.
According to Syrian reports on Friday, the U.S. attack killed 13 people, including five soldiers at the airbase.
Gordon, whose service to the neocon cause is notorious, was the lead author with Judith Miller of the Times’ bogus “aluminum tube” story in 2002 which falsely claimed that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was reconstituting a nuclear-weapons program, an article that was then cited by President George W. Bush’s aides as a key argument for invading Iraq in 2003.
Regarding this week’s events, Trump’s desperation to reverse his negative media coverage and the dubious evidence blaming Assad for the Idlib incident could fit with the “Wag the Dog” movie from 1997 in which an embattled president creates a phony foreign crisis in Albania.
In the movie, the White House operation is a cynical psychological operation to convince the American people that innocent Albanian children, including an attractive girl carrying a cat, are in danger when, In reality, the girl was an actor posing before a green screen that allowed scenes of fiery ruins to be inserted as background.
Today, because Trump and his administration are now committed to convincing Americans that Assad really was responsible for Tuesday’s poison-gas tragedy, the prospects for a full and open investigation are effectively ended. We may never know if there is truth to those allegations or whether we are being manipulated by another “wag the dog” psyop.



ARTICLE
Ron Paul claims that the Neocons have waged a war in Syria in order to deliberately thwart the peace process in the Middle East. 
According to the former Congressman, the U.S. strike in Syria was a “victory for the neo-conservatives” who he says orchestrated the false flag chemical weapons attack  to advance their agenda.
“I don’t think the evidence is there, at least it hasn’t been presented, and they need a so-called excuse, they worked real hard, our government and their coalition,” Ron Paul told RT.
Rt.com reports:
This is not the first time something like this has happened in Syria or elsewhere, Paul said, but now it is convenient to pay attention and react immediately.
“If any of this was true, I don’t know why they couldn’t wait and take a look at it. In 2013, there were similar stories that didn’t go anywhere, because with a little bit of a pause, there was a resistance to it built in our Congress and in the American people. They thought that it was a fraud and nothing like that was happening, and right now, I just can’t think of how it could conceivably be what they claim, because it’s helping ISIS, because it’s helping Al-Qaeda.”
“From my point of view, there was no need to rush. There was no threat to national security. They have to give a reason to do these things,” Paul added.
A factor that contributed to the speedy reaction was of course the US president, the politician told RT.
“I have no idea what his purpose was. Maybe he just didn’t want to hear the debate, because the last time they debated it, they lost. And this time, it was necessary for them to jump onto this, before people came to know what was really going on.”
The Syrian situation now is “a victory for neo-conservatives, who’ve been looking for Assad to go,” Paul said.
“They want to get rid of him, and you have to look for who is involved in that. Unfortunately, they are the ones who are winning out on this, and the radicals, too! There is a bit of hypocrisy going on here, because at one minute we say, well, maybe Assad has to stay, the next day he has to go, and we’re there fighting ISIS and Al-Qaeda. At the same time, what we end up doing is we actually strengthen them! It is a mess.
“I don’t believe that our people or the American government should be the policemen of the world, it makes no sense, it causes us more trouble and more grief, it causes us more financial problems, and it’s hardly a way that we could defend our constitutional liberty.”
This policy clearly does not lead to peace, Paul told RT.
“The peace talks have ended now. They’re terrified that peace was going to break out! Al-Qaeda was on the run, peace talks were happening, and all of a sudden, they had to change, and this changes things dramatically! I don’t expect peace talks anytime soon or in the distant future.”
Last but not least, the politician spoke out about the deeper reasons – and potential disastrous consequences – of the latest attack’s timing.
“I was wondering about the fact that the announcement came when Trump was talking to Xi [Jinping, the Chinese president]. And of course, [North] Korea’s high on the list of targets for our president and our administration. It might be a warning: this is what’s going to happen to you if you don’t do what we tell you. I just don’t like us being involved in so many countries, in their internal affairs; I think it’s so detrimental.”



ARTICLE
Republican Senator Rand Paul has criticised President Trump’s decision to attack Syria, claiming that his actions have strengthened ISIS.
The US Navy fired 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at Syria’s Shayrat airfield early on Friday, in retaliation to a chemical attack committed on Syrian civilians on Tuesday that same week.
“Make no mistake, bombing Assad means the United States is fighting on the same side as ISIS (Daesh),” Rand Paul wrote in a Fox News article on Friday.
“Military action is not in our national security interest and should not be authorized.  Our prior interventions in this region have done nothing to make us safer, and Syria will be no different,” he wrote.
Presstv.ir reports:
Noting that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has been fighting terrorists, Paul warned that ousting him would turn Syria into another Libya, where the 2011 US-led intervention to oust former leader Muammar Gaddafi backfired and gave rise to extremist groups.
“Who would take over Syria if Assad is deposed?  Experience in Libya tells us chaos could reign,” the Republican warned.
Paul, who ran an unsuccessful presidential bid against Trump last year, said the president had to consult Congress before taking military action against other countries.
“No matter who is president or what their party is, it is my firm belief that the president needs congressional authorization for military action, as required by the Constitution,” he wrote.
McCain outraged by Paul’s remarks
Paul’s view angered Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, who said his fellow Republican had lost influence in Senate.
“We’re just too different and he doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate,” McCain told CNN. “I don’t pay any attention frankly to what Senator Paul says.”
The Arizona senator accused Paul of being wrong on “every other issue that I know of that has to do with national security.”
Paul, who often clashes with McCain on military and security matters, had said earlier that the Vietnam war veteran was “a little bit unhinged” and made a “really strong case for term limits.”



ARTICLE
Describing Trump’s actions as “an illegal and unconstitutional military strike against a foreign government,” Tulsi Gabbard explained that by destabilizing the secular Assad government we have “strengthened these terrorist groups operating on the ground in Syria, like Al-Qaeda, Al-Nusra, ISIS and others, whose sole goal is to overthrow the Syrian government and take over.”
If there is anyone we should listen to about Syria, it’s Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard. She went to Syria in January on a secret fact-finding mission to wade through the lies and propaganda and find out what is really happening on the ground.
When she returned she went on CNN and blew their minds by telling them she had proof the Obama administration was supporting ISIS and Al-Qaeda in Syria.
Trump may not be aware of the full consequences of his actions, but the fact is his military strikes are furthering Obama’s covert support of these terrorist organizations. The fact Hillary Clinton emerged from her post-election hibernation to cheerlead for Trump’s military action should tell you everything you need to know.

Tucker Carlson then asked Gabbard if she believed that Assad attacked his own people with chemical weapons.
“What I believe doesn’t matter, what matters is evidence is facts. If the Trump administration has the evidence unequivocally proving this, then share it with the American people, share it with Congress, come to Congress and make your case before launching an unauthorized, illegal military strike against a foreign government.”
Tulsi Gabbard took to Facebook page to explain her position further:
In the lead up to the Iraq War in 2003, both the American people and our Congress were lied to by the Bush administration. As they sought to go to war in Iraq, they brought “evidence” that they said proved Saddam Hussein had WMDs and therefore the US and the UN should go in and topple him. 
We all know now that this was false. 
Now this destructive war in Syria, like in Iraq, is aimed at the same outcome of regime change that left Iraq in tatters. Hundreds of thousands of civilians have died, and millions have been displaced from their homes. The cost of war is profound. 
I’m opposed to the escalation of the counterproductive regime change war in Syria because it will lead to the deaths of more innocent men, women and children. 
Terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, the strongest forces on the ground in Syria, will continue to increase their strength and influence over the region in the vacuum of a central government. And if the Syrian government is overthrown, the terrorists will take over all of Syria and the death and human suffering will be unimaginable. 
We must not repeat the mistakes of Iraq and Libya. 
The Trump Administration must make their case to Congress and the American people as to why we should go to war with Syria before launching unauthorized illegal military strikes against a foreign government.



ARTICLE
There is bad news for privacy and internet advocates, thanks to Republicans.
Internet service providers (ISPs) could collect and sell customer browsing history, location, health and other private information used on smartphones and computers, to third parties for marketing purposes, without seeking consent.
AnonHQ reports:
Congress is the legislature of the federal government of the United States. It consists of two chambers—the Senate and the House of Representatives. By law, these lawmakers are supposed to represent and champion the interest of their constituents.
However, a new development from Capitol Hill indicates that the majority of these lawmakers are there to represent their own selfish and parochial interests. These lawmakers are in Capitol Hill with a simple mission to satisfy the corporations who sponsored their political campaigns.
We are currently witnessing a Digital Revolution. The Digital Age has brought some consequences however. Online privacy has become a keenly contested issue in recent times. Edward Snowden made it known to the world that the United States government spies on and illegally collects online data of citizens and foreign governments. This has fueled distrust among United States citizens with their government.
But as citizens insist on their right to online privacy, the current administration is ignoring them. Donald Trump and his Republican members of Congress are determined to further worsen the privacy debate.
The Republicans hold the majority in Congress. On March 28, Republicans in the House voted to allow Internet Service Providers (ISPs) like Comcast, Verizon and AT&T to sell private internet data belonging to Americans to advertising companies for tracking and marketing purposes.
Before the House voted, the Senate had voted on similar measures a week ago. Per the current rules of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), ISPs are required to obtain “opt-in” consent from consumers before using or selling sensitive user data – including online browsing activity, mobile app data, and the contents of emails and online chats. The FCC rules also require the ISPs to strengthen and safeguard customers’ data against hackers and other cyber criminals.
On April 3, President Trump didn’t waste time when the Congress-passed bill landed on his White House desk. He quickly signed it into law. This means the new law will now override the FCC rules, giving the ISPs opportunity to use a customer’s data without their consent. This of course is a serious blow to citizens regarding their online privacy. The public become vulnerable.
Currently, internet advertising is valued at around $83 billion. Facebook and Google are the giants in the market. Gradually, the ISPs are pushing to compete with Facebook and Google on the market.
The Washington Post reports that the ISPs could even sell their customers’ information directly to marketers, financial firms and other companies that are interested in personal data. Can you imagine the consequences of the ISPs selling your data to corporations or individuals you don’t even know?
Privacy activists have described the new development in Washington as a tremendous setback for the United States online privacy debate.
The Washington Post quoted Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy as saying, “Today’s vote means that Americans will never be safe online from having their most personal details stealthily scrutinized and sold to the highest bidder.”
Amid this disturbing Congress vote, and the subsequent approval by Trump, Motherboard has launched a name and shame campaign against members of Congress who vote to pass this new measure. Democrats in both the Senate and the House opposed the law. Among Republicans, only 15 members voted against the law. These few lawmakers have been hailed as true representatives of the people. They defied their party to stand with the people.
Motherboard has taken the trouble to compile the names of all Republican lawmakers who shamelessly voted in favor of the law. Motherboard has also included a link to their office contacts. You can click here and scroll down to see the list. If the person you voted for to represent your interest is among those who voted in favor of this damning law, you can contact the person to demand why he/she made that horrible decision. Let’s not get weary on the online privacy fight. We must hold those we give political power accountable. We have the power. We made them who they are today.



ARTICLE
Weeks after former mayor of Hubbard, Ohio (D) Richard Keenan admitted in court to raping a young child, the current Democrat mayor of Seattle is now being dragged to court on pedophile charges as President Trump’s federal investigation into the elite pedophile ring begins taking down high-profile perpetrators.
Four victims have come forward, two of whom have been identified as Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson. All four are accusing Mayor Ed Murray of being a predatory pedophile who repeatedly raped and molested them when they were minors.
They claim the Mayor gave them $10 or $20 after raping them.
Seattle Times reports that legal action against Seattle Mayor Ed Murray was launched on Thursday, claiming Murray “raped and molested” young boys over several years, beginning in the mid-1980s.
The lawsuit in King County Superior Court, filed under the man’s initials, “D.H.,” alleges Murray sexually abused the drug addicted teen on numerous occasions for payments of $10 to $20.
“I have been dealing with this for over 30 years,” the man, now sober for a year, said in an interview with The Seattle Times. He said he was coming forward as part of a “healing process” after years of “the shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that he put me through.”
[Attorney Suing Elite Pedophile Ring Shot Dead In Atlanta]
The man also said his father’s recent death freed him of a desire to keep the abuse secret.
His attorneys wrote in the complaint that their client’s actions were not politically motivated, KIRO7 reported. They said that D.H “believes that the public has a right to full information when a trusted official exploits a child.”
But the allegations against the Democrat mayor don’t stop there.
Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson accused Murray of abusing them in the 1980s and paying them for sex and said they’d be willing to testify about it, the Times said.
Simpson, 49, said Murray – who he had thought of as a father – raped him over several years, starting at age 13, and in later years, paid him.
President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking on Tuesday and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”
The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.
Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”
“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”




ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton has promised she will never, ever run for elected office again, sparking wild celebrations across the country as Americans embrace the reality of a post-Clinton future.
In her first post-election interview on Thursday, Clinton alluded to the pain of her loss of the presidency that she took for granted, hinting that there were times she didn’t want to get out of bed.
“The aftermath of the election was so devastating,” Clinton said Thursday during the Women in the World Summit hosted by Tina Brown at New York’s Lincoln Center. “I had to make up my mind I was going to get out of bed, yes; I was going to take walks in the woods, yes.
“As a person, I’m OK. As an American, I’m pretty worried,” said Clinton.
Hillary’s announcement comes after emails made public by Judicial Watch revealed Huma Abedin has been planning her funeral – a military affair involving a Washington D.C. motorcade.
LA Times reports: Among her worries, she cited President Trump’s policies toward women and healthcare, Russian interference in the election and the downward spiral of Syria.
However, Clinton approves of Trump’s decision to bomb Syrian government airfields.
“That air force is the cause of most of the civilian deaths, as we have seen over the years and as we saw again in the last few days,” said Clinton, referring to Tuesday’s chemical weapons strike in Syria’s Idlib province that killed more than 70 civilians.
“I really believe that we should have — and still should — take out his airfields and prevent him from being able to use them to bomb innocent people and drop sarin gas on them.“
Clinton still cannot understand her defeat
After months sticking close to her house in Chappaqua, N.Y., Clinton has been emerging more in recent weeks to speak in public, but Thursday’s appearance was the first interview.
Pressed by columnist Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times, Clinton said she has struggled to explain her defeat, including the fact that 53% of white women voted for Trump. She blamed Russian interference in the election, the release of embarrassing WikiLeaks documents, FBI Director James B. Comey’s statement about investigating her emails shortly before election day and misogyny as contributing factors. She warned young women contemplating a public career that they had to be prepared for more abuse than their male counterparts.
“Every woman who enters the public arena needs to grow skin as thick as a rhinoceros. Boy, do I relate to this,” said Clinton, paraphrasing Eleanor Roosevelt. “By the time they were finished with me, I was Typhoid Mary.”



ARTICLE
Documents from WikiLeaks suggest that a false flag chemical attack against the Syrian people was orchestrated by the United States, in order to oust Assad from power.  
According to Hillary Clinton emails, the U.S. State Department wanted to help rebels overthrow Assad in order to strengthen Israel’s position against Iran:
Washington should start by expressing its willingness to work with regional allies like Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar to organize, train and arm Syrian rebel forces. The announcement of such a decision would, by itself, likely cause substantial defections from the Syrian military. Then, using territory in Turkey and possibly Jordan, U.S. diplomats and Pentagon officials can start strengthening the opposition.
Despite this, President Trump approved the bombing of the Syrian military base controlled by al-Assad under the guise of preventing the Assad regime from committing further chemical attacks. This is despite evidence that the attack itself had nothing to do with the Syrian government.
Thedailybell.com reports:
The State Department makes it quite clear their belief that “Bringing down Assad would not only be a massive boon to Israel’s security, it would also ease Israel’s understandable fear of losing its nuclear monopoly.”
This is nothing new, and really not surprising, as the U.S. has been involved in dozens of similar operations around the world. But just how far would the U.S. and Israel go to bring down Assad?
Just what type of training would be given to the rebels to help overthrow Assad? The groundwork had already been laid out by President Obama. As soon as chemical weapons were used by Assad, the international community would have the justification to become more involved in removing him from power. We know they were interested in doing so regardless of whether or not he used chemical weapons against the people of Syria.
CNN reported in 2012 that America was involved in training the rebels to secure and monitor chemical weapons sites.
The United States and some European allies are using defense contractors to train Syrian rebels on how to secure chemical weapons stockpiles in Syria, a senior U.S. official and several senior diplomats told CNN Sunday.
The training, which is taking place in Jordan and Turkey, involves how to monitor and secure stockpiles and handle weapons sites and materials, according to the sources. Some of the contractors are on the ground in Syria working with the rebels to monitor some of the sites, according to one of the officials.
This confirms that rebel forces had access to chemical weapons and that the U.S. helped familiarize rebel groups with storing and transporting the weapons.
But a removed article from The Daily Mail seems to prove that the U.S. had planned on helping the rebels actually use chemical weapons as well. The article was supposedly removed because the source of the information was untrustworthy. A Malaysian hacker was said to have taken emails from British defense contractors from an unprotected server.
Leaked emails have allegedly proved that the White House gave the green light to a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad’s regime and in turn, spur international military action in the devastated country.
A report released on Monday contains an email exchange between two senior officials at British-based contractor Britam Defence where a scheme ‘approved by Washington’ is outlined explaining that Qatar would fund rebel forces in Syria to use chemical weapons.
Barack Obama made it clear to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad last month that the U.S. would not tolerate Syria using chemical weapons against its own people.
Lending credence to this theory that the United States trained rebel forces in the use of chemical weapons in order to initiate a false flag attack are the events surrounding the death of Libyan Ambassador Chris Stevens in 2012.
The story is far from Trump’s claim that the U.S. attempts to “prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.”
The U.S. is an active player in moving weapons all throughout the middle east, arming all sorts of rebel groups, militias, and government. It appears the United States funneled weapons out of Libya to provide Syrian rebels the ability to fight Assad.
A book called The Real Benghazi Story: What the White House and Hillary Don’t Want You to Know details the role Stevens fulfilled in Libya of brokering weapons exports from Libya to countries which backed the Syrian rebels.
The author, Aaron Klein, said a group called the February 17 Brigade worked with the CIA to provide security for a special operation in Benghazi and helped facilitate weapons transfers.
The exact nature of the U.S. involvement with the February 17 Brigade that guarded the U.S. special mission might have been unintentionally exposed when a Libyan weapons dealer formerly with the Brigade told Reuters in an in-person interview he had helped ship weapons from Benghazi to the rebels fighting in Syria.
Klein noted that no one seems to have connected the dots from what the weapons dealer said to the activities taking place inside the Benghazi compound and whether the Brigade serves as a cut out to ship weapons.
In the Reuters interview published June 18, 2013, Libyan warlord Abdul Basit Haroun declared he is behind some of the biggest shipments of weapons from Libya to Syria. Most of the weapons were sent to Turkey, he said, where they were, in turn, smuggled into neighboring Syria.
It was Steven’s job to facilitate the retrieval of these Libyan weapons and funnel them to U.S. interests. His death may have been related to militia groups inside Libya not trusting the United States with these weapons, or wanting them for their own use or profit.
Libyan weapons were shipped to places like Turkey which were already participating in training the Syrian rebels. Part of this training, we know, had to do with chemical weapons.
We also know that the U.S. wanted to see Assad brought down and that they had drawn a line over the use of chemical weapons. They needed a chemical weapons attack to justify stronger interventions in the conflict against Assad.
That chemical attack happened last week, followed by the subsequent U.S. bombing of an Assad base.
We know the terrorist groups forming the opposition to Assad had access to chemical weapons.
Is this enough evidence to prove the United States facilitated a false flag chemical weapons attack in order to justify military intervention, and finally defeat Assad, in support of Israel?



ARTICLE
According to a recent FEC disclosure, President Trump owns stock in the company that produced the missiles used to bomb Syria on Thursday.
The report reveals that Donald Trump has stock with U.S. defense contractor Raytheon. Trump stands to personally profit from the purchase of 59 Tomahawk missiles used by the US Navy – which has cost the taxpayer between $60 million and $82 million dollars.
The missile strike against Syria has come under extreme criticism following revelations that there was no evidence Assad used Sarin gas on his people, and therefore there was no justification for the attack against his regime.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
It is important to note that in December of 2016, Trump spokesman, Jason Miller told The Post that Trump liquidated all of his assets. However, we’ve yet to see any proof of this and will not see any proof until at least 2018.
“We need to know, has he put them in conflict free assets … or has he bought other stocks or assets that would create new conflicts?” Norm Eisen, who served as ethics counselor to President Obama asked. “It’s all the more reason that we need a prompt and full financial disclosure. If he did liquidate all his stocks, what did he do with the money? What bank is the money in? What did he buy? It’s a lot of money.”
According to Business Insider, shares of Raytheon gained 3.54 points, a roughly 2.3 percent increase, in pre-market trading following Thursday night’s strike.
Of course, 2.3 percent doesn’t sound like a whole lot, however, if we take into account the effect it has on Raytheon’s total market value, it is definitely significant. On Thursday, Raytheon closed at $150.75 and on Friday morning, it opened at $154.62. This shot the company’s market value up from $44.1 billion to $45.4 billion — nearly one and a half billion — in a day.
Lockheed Martin and Boeing saw similar gains.
Also, according to Open Secrets, Trump wasn’t just giving to Raytheon but they were also giving to him.
According to Trump’s most recent Financial Disclosure Report, his stock holdings were held in accounts with Barclays, Oppenheimer, JPMorgan, and Deutsche Bank. However, the way that the disclosure from the FEC is structured only requires presidential candidates to list their holdings in broad ranges. So, we don’t know how large of a stake he had in these companies.
Trump’s situation, however shocking, is nothing new. Consequently, the last time there was talk of military action in Syria, in 2013, Raytheon’s stock soared to an all-time high.
According to US officials, arms manufacturers have added shifts and hired workers, but they warn that this may not be enough to keep up with the world’s demand for weapons of mass destruction.
As the US sends tens of thousands of warheads to Saudi Arabia so they can bomb schools and hospitals in Yemen, they are dropping hundreds of bombs in Iraq and Syria.
Instead of realizing that the bombs and US foreign policy are the actual sources of terrorism, war monger politicians like Bush, Obama, and now Trump use fear to steal your tax dollars to feed this machine.
Thanks to the invasive and murderous US foreign policy, there is no shortage of ‘Islamic Extremism’ to attack in the Middle East. Not only is Saudi Arabia receiving US arms, but so are many of the other Gulf states as well as Syrian ‘rebels.’
After his retirement from the Marine Corps, Major General Smedley D. Butler made a nationwide tour in the early 1930s giving his speech “War is a Racket,” which sums this scenario up quite well.
What separates Butler from other historical military figures is that he is one of only 19 people in history to win the Medal of Honor, twice. So, when a highly decorated, two-star general takes to the stage to assert that war is a racket, people listen — most people, anyway.
In one of his speeches, Butler decried war and pointed out how so many people died just to benefit a very small ‘inside’ group. The speech read in part,
WAR IS A RACKET. IT ALWAYS HAS BEEN.
IT IS POSSIBLY THE OLDEST, EASILY THE MOST PROFITABLE, SURELY THE MOST VICIOUS. IT IS THE ONLY ONE INTERNATIONAL IN SCOPE. IT IS THE ONLY ONE IN WHICH THE PROFITS ARE RECKONED IN DOLLARS AND THE LOSSES IN LIVES.
Sadly, very few people inside this detached and brutal government ever come to realize the true nature of war. As the threat of World War III looms across the planet, the American taxpayers are being fleeced to build the weapons with which this world war will be carried out — all the while, the commander and chief is reaping the benefits.



ARTICLE
A White House insider claims that Ivanka Trump was so emotionally distraught about the chemical attack in Syria, she ordered her father to strike Syria before an official investigation took place.
According to the insider, Trump made the dramatic U-turn on Syria after his daughter told him she was ‘heartbroken’ about the chemical attack she instinctively ‘knew’ Assad had committed on his own people. This is despite the fact that had previously promised the American people that he would not intervene in the Middle East.
Trump has since faced strong criticism for the attack, after it quickly emerged that there is no evidence that Assad used Sarin gas on his own people.
Express.co.uk reports:
A source close to the first family said: “Increasingly, Ivanka is having more and more influence over her father.
“She often counsels her father and was very clear that action needed to be taken against Assad in some form.”
“Ivanka was infuriated over the lack of a direct response in the immediate aftermath of the Syrian attack.”
Responding the morning after Assad’s attack, The President’s eldest daughter tweeted: “Heartbroken and outraged by the images coming out of Syria following the atrocious chemical attack today.
Following her comments, the President’s stance on a military response began to shift, quickly claiming the attack was an “affront to humanity” and blasting Assad’s “heinous” actions.
And the following day, hours before launching a flurry of 2,900lb missiles into the country, the President had shifted from isolation to intervention.
He said: “I think what Assad did is terrible.
“I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity and he’s there, and I guess he’s running things, so something should happen.”
After the missile strike, Ivanka wrote on Twitter: “The times we are living in call for difficult decisions. Proud of my father for refusing to accept these horrendous crimes against humanity.”
The insider added: “Ivanka has her own mind.
“While her dad is driven by his ego and political point-scoring, Ivanka could not be more opposite.
“She has genuine concerns for others and wants to do what is right.
“As she was feeding her kids on Wednesday morning, she thought enough was enough and tweeted her thoughts for everyone to see.
“The response was quite immediate and clearly helped changed her father’s views on the issue of Syria.”



ARTICLE
Globalist billionaire George Soros’ Soros Fund Management has been exposed funding Jared Kushner’s real estate finance startup Cadre to the tune of $250 million, according to sources close to Kushner.
A source familiar with the financing arrangement told New York real estate website The Real Deal that “Soros has had a long and productive relationship with the Kushner family.”
Business Insider first reported the existence of $250 million credit line from George Soros to Jared Kushner in June, but didn’t mention its source.
[FEC: Trump Owns Stock In Missile Company Used To Bomb Syria]
The explosive news comes as Kushner has allegedly seized control of Trump’s White House, alienating Steve Bannon and dismissing Trump’s America First policy. With Kushner in control the administration is being pushed in a direction more in line with George Soros’ globalist vision.
The Real Deal reports: Jared Kushner recently joined the White House as an adviser to his father-in-law Donald Trump.  Politico reported that he plans to sell his stakes in 35 companies to avoid conflicts of interest.
The irony of the Soros-Kushner connection is that Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, which Jared Kushner helped orchestrate, vilified George Soros. A November campaign video showed Soros’ face while Trump’s voice sounded off on “global special interests” who “don’t have your good in mind.”  The video was criticized by many for playing on anti-Semitic conspiracy theories targeting Soros, a wealthy former hedge fund manager who has long backed liberal causes around the globe.
Soros vocally opposes Trump. “I have described him as an impostor and a con man and a would-be dictator,” Soros told Bloomberg last week. “But he’s only a would-be dictator because I’m confident that the Constitution and the institutions of the United States are strong enough.” He donated $10.5 million to Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign, according to Center for Responsive Politics data cited by CNBC.
Cadre, founded by brothers Jared and Joshua Kushner and Blackstone alum Ryan Williams in early 2015, is an online investment platform that connects institutions with real estate deals in major markets like New York.  Cadre generally invests in deals using the credit line before making them available to investors online.
It’s unclear what Cadre’s current valuation is. According to Pitchbook, which tracks venture funding, Cadre was valued at $99.9 million following its $18.3 million Series A round in late 2015. In January of last year, the company raised $50 million in a Series B funding round, bringing the total investment in the firm to more than $68 million. But it’s since been reincorporated as a Delaware-based entity, RealCadre LLC. It’s also unclear what deals they’ve sourced since being funded in 2015. Williams declined to name any deals the firm closed when TRD spoke to him in July, saying only that Cadre had closed over $200 million in deals in the first half of 2016.



ARTICLE
Steve Bannon is furious that President Trump has betrayed the voters who propelled him into the White House by launching strikes against Syria, arguing that bogging the U.S. down in another Middle East quagmire is not going to make America great again.
Two sources close to Bannon told the NY Magazine that the former Breitbart executive chairman argued long and hard against the strike — not because of its questionable constitutionality, but on the grounds that it doesn’t advance Trump’s America First doctrine.
“Steve doesn’t think we belong there,” one Bannon ally said. Bannon believes a long and drawn out war in Syria will be disastrous and won’t hold any benefit for the people who voted Trump into office.
[Insider: ‘Heartbroken’ Ivanka Ordered Daddy To Strike Syria]
However Bannon’s position lost out to those inside the White House, including Jared Kushner, who argued Trump needed to punish the Assad government.
NY Mag reports: The debate over Syria is the latest fault line that has opened up in the once close Bannon-Kushner relationship.
“During the campaign and transition, they had an almost uncle-nephew thing going,” one Bannon associate said. But in recent weeks, Kushner and Bannon have clashed over the direction of Trump’s agenda.
While the press has covered it as a personality feud, Bannon allies say the rift is about policy differences.
“The press is calling it fighting, we call it debating,” Bannon told an associate, according to a source.
On a board in his West Wing office, Bannon keeps a list of promises Trump made to populist voters. Kushner, whose portfolio has ballooned in recent weeks, seems much less interested in keeping those promises.
The power struggle is growing more personal. While Bannon declined to comment for this piece, Bannon allies inside and outside the White House say he is “disappointed” and blames Kushner, in part, for some of the damaging leaks about him.
Nationalists vs Democrats in Trump’s administration
If before there were philosophical differences in the White House, now there are clearly defined camps: On one side are “the nationalists” Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Julia Hahn; and on the other are “the Democrats” Kushner, Ivanka Trump, and Gary Cohn.
Bannon is growing increasingly frustrated with Cohn, sources say, and is particularly unhappy to be receiving much of the blame for the health-care debacle while Cohn, who was deeply involved in the effort, emerged unscathed. Health care was “100 percent Gary,” one person close to Bannon said.
During a recent White House meeting, when the subject of Cohn came up, Bannon reportedly told associates “I love a gunfight.”
Despite his waning influence, Bannon recently told an ally that he won’t quit. If Trump wants him out, he’ll have to fire him.



ARTICLE
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu got a “prime time” front row seat when President Trump launched 59 Tomahawk missiles into Syria.
According to Israeli intelligence minister, Yisrael Katz, the Trump administration ensured they updated Netanyahu “in real time” about the situation in Syria, as they pounded them with missiles on Thursday.
Russia-insider.com reports:
Israel was a vocal proponent for military action in response to the alleged gas attack in Idlib province on Tuesday.
As the Jerusalem Post wrote on April 4, “Amid the voices in Israel’s political establishment on Tuesday roundly condemning the Syrian chemical attack and calling on the world to actively intervene, some called for Israel to rethink its own policy toward Syria and suggested taking limited military action.”
Former military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin said in an interview shortly after the “gas attack” on Tuesday that Israel should “destroy the planes that carried out the chemical attack.”
“I think that the right thing that should happen tonight is that the same planes that attacked in Idlib will disappear, and be hit, not by soldiers that come on the ground, but there is precise weaponry that you can send from afar.”
A few days late, but the US still delivered.
On Friday, Katz also said that Trump’s $100 million fireworks display, which murdered at least 6 Syrians, “has restored America’s regional leadership in a big way in the Middle East.”
With an intelligence minister this observant, you know Israel is in good hands.
Close your eyes and think about the Middle East. What sort of mind-hallucinations are you seeing right now? (You can’t close your eyes and think about the Middle East and read Russia Insider simultaneously, so you are clearly cheating. But no matter.)
You probably see images US airstrikes, torture prisons, night raids, trigger-happy Blackwater psychopaths, depleted uranium babies, piles of dead bodies — well over a million killed in Iraq alone. Not including Albright’s “totally worth it” sanctions that murdered 500,000 children.
In other words: The US has finally restored its status as a much-beloved “regional leader” in the Middle East.
We hope Israel enjoyed the show.




ARTICLE
US President Donald Trump wasted no time fighting Muslim terrorists in the Middle East by bombing Syria!
Why would the Syrian army, who fight ISIS and Al-Qaeda, resort to a chemical attack when they are winning the war against terror?
Why would Donald Trump want to help ISIS and Al-Qaeda affiliates, after showing his contempt for them throughout the election?
The answer lies in the art of making new deals to get away from bad deals.
Donald Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon was a good deal that helped Trump get elected, promising a new era. He was demoted Wednesday and Trump instead made a new deal with some Salafists and Zionists to get Muslims to fight each other, to make way for a privileged few to profit from the ensuing chaos and suffering.
Steve Bannon was removed from his seat observing meetings of the National Security Council on Wednesday, a day prior to America’s illegal bombing of Syria.
Sott.net reports:
Bannon was well known for his conservative views which were deeply anti-establishment, anti-deep state, mildly pro-Russian and totally anti-Salifist and anti-Saudi.
The timing of Bannon’s demotion and the missile strikes on Syria is unlikely to be coincidental. It is certainly symbolic.
The man who helped define the now dead Trump movement, was moved over whilst the neo-cons and deep state veterans remain.
Bannon has not spoken in public since the demotion, but reports have surfaced saying that he might quit the White House entirely because of the demotion.
It has emerged that Bannon was engaged in a power struggle with Ivanka Trump’s husband, Jared Kushner. Bannon reportedly called Kushner a ‘globalist’ and a ‘cuck’, implying that he is a conservative in name only, but is in actual fact beholden to neo-liberal, globalist interests.
Beyond the apparent personal animosity between Bannon and Kushner, the spat is merely a symptom of a wider disease in Washington.
Steve Bannon represented many if not most of the things that people admired about Trump.
He represented anti-establishment, anti-globalist, anti-interventionist conservatism, this in spite of his views on China and Iran, troubling though they were.
When it came to giving Donald Trump credibility as the ‘anti-establishment President’ as the ‘alt-media President’, Bannon was the man who gave weight to these credentials.
With Bannon demoted and possibly out, Donald Trump’s last connection with the grass roots movement he helped create is now all but severed.
Alt-media has not forgiven Trump for going ballistic on Syria. The anti-interventionist conservative movement which in the 20th century dates back to Republican Senator Robert Taft, will not die. Perhaps Bannon will be one of the men to carry it forward now that Trump has shown his contempt for the man who helped to make his political career possible.



ARTICLE
A U.S. reconnaissance aircraft flying over Al-Qamishli has been targeted by Syrian special forces after it flew over their position.
It comes just days after a change of heart by US President Donald Trump, who, after seeing pictures of suffering children on CNN and deciding that Hillary Clinton and Obama were right all along, that president Assad of Syria must go and give way to foreigners hoping to rape and pillage his country to the nth degree.
Activist Post reports:
Only two days after the United States barely avoided World War Three as a result of its illegal and immoral missile strikes on the Syrian military, the situation in Syria is heating up yet again.
Reports coming from Lebanon-based news outlet, al-Masdar News, are suggesting that the Syrian military and the U.S. military have yet again been involved in a direct clash in Syria.
A military source confirmed to al-Masdar on April, 8, that a Syrian Special Forces unit targeted a U.S. reconnaissance aircraft that was flying over northeast Syria.
The plane was allegedly hovering over Syrian military positions, specifically the Syrian Army’s Regiment 54 Base in Qamilishi.
The Syrian military personnel opened fire on the plane and the aircraft allegedly fled the area after it “came into contact with the Syrian Arab Army” stated the source.
It is unclear what kind of weaponry was used to fire at the plane or whether the plane sustained any damage.
This incident now marks the second time since Thursday night the United States and Syrian forces have clashed.
Because the Russians have canceled the “non-aggression pact” with the United States as the result of American aggression in al-Sha’aryat Thursday night, U.S. planes are now potential targets for the Syrian military.
By Brandon Turbeville



ARTICLE
The military-industrial-surveillance complex is at the zenith of its power. All the hard work of the past decades has paid off to create the circumstances for a huge pay-day, thanks to President Trump. Bigger than anything since 9/11.
They now have a U.S president in the White House who appreciates making a buck and sympathizes with their cause.
Each of the 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles fired by the US Navy costs the tax payer between $800,000 and $1.4 million.
Following the attack by the order of the president, U.S. arms manufacturers and defense contractors saw their market values increase by billions.
The Free Thought Project reports:
Tomahawk missiles are manufactured by a company, with whom most people are familiar, Raytheon.
According to Raytheon’s website: “Today’s Tomahawk Block IV cruise missile can circle for hours, shift course instantly on command and beam a picture of its target to controllers halfway around the world before striking with pinpoint accuracy. Tomahawk can be launched from a ship or submarine and can fly into heavily defended airspace more than 1,000 miles away to conduct precise strikes on high-value targets with minimal collateral damage. Launching the weapon from such a long distance helps to keep sailors out of harm’s way.”
However, some may not be familiar with the fact that according to the President’s most recent FEC disclosure, the Trumps actual own or have owned stock in Raytheon. That’s right, the 59 missiles, that Trump hurled at Syria — which cost taxpayers somewhere between $47 million and $82 million — could’ve actually turned a profit for the president.
The report showed that Trump also owns or has owned stock in many well-known companies including Apple, Nike, Whole Foods, Google, Philip Morris, McDonald’s, Facebook, and Morgan Stanley, among many others — including many other defense contractors who stand to make billions off Trump’s aggression.
It is important to note that in December of 2016, Trump spokesman, Jason Miller told The Post that Trump liquidated all of his assets. However, we’ve yet to see any proof of this and will not see any proof until at least 2018.
“We need to know, has he put them in conflict free assets … or has he bought other stocks or assets that would create new conflicts?” Norm Eisen, who served as ethics counselor to President Obama asked. “It’s all the more reason that we need a prompt and full financial disclosure. If he did liquidate all his stocks, what did he do with the money? What bank is the money in? What did he buy? It’s a lot of money.”
According to Business Insider, shares of Raytheon gained 3.54 points, a roughly 2.3 percent increase, in pre-market trading following Thursday night’s strike.
Of course, 2.3 percent doesn’t sound like a whole lot, however, if we take into account the effect it has on Raytheon’s total market value, it is definitely significant. On Thursday, Raytheon closed at $150.75 and on Friday morning, it opened at $154.62. This shot the company’s market value up from $44.1 billion to $45.4 billion — nearly one and a half billion — in a day.
Lockheed Martin and Boeing saw similar gains.
Also, according to Open Secrets, Trump wasn’t just giving to Raytheon but they were also giving to him.
According to Trump’s most recent Financial Disclosure Report, his stock holdings were held in accounts with Barclays, Oppenheimer, JPMorgan, and Deutsche Bank. However, the way that the disclosure from the FEC is structured only requires presidential candidates to list their holdings in broad ranges. So, we don’t know how large of a stake he had in these companies.
Trump’s situation, however shocking, is nothing new. Consequently, the last time there was talk of military action in Syria, in 2013, Raytheon’s stock soared to an all-time high.
According to US officials, arms manufacturers have added shifts and hired workers, but they warn that this may not be enough to keep up with the world’s demand for weapons of mass destruction.
As the US sends tens of thousands of warheads to Saudi Arabia so they can bomb schools and hospitals in Yemen, they are dropping hundreds of bombs in Iraq and Syria.
Instead of realizing that the bombs and US foreign policy are the actual sources of terrorism, war monger politicians like Bush, Obama, and now Trump use fear to steal your tax dollars to feed this machine.
Thanks to the invasive and murderous US foreign policy, there is no shortage of ‘Islamic Extremism’ to attack in the Middle East. Not only is Saudi Arabia receiving US arms, but so are many of the other Gulf states as well as Syrian ‘rebels.’
After his retirement from the Marine Corps, Major General Smedley D. Butler made a nationwide tour in the early 1930s giving his speech “War is a Racket,” which sums this scenario up quite well.
What separates Butler from other historical military figures is that he is one of only 19 people in history to win the Medal of Honor, twice. So, when a highly decorated, two-star general takes to the stage to assert that war is a racket, people listen — most people, anyway.
In one of his speeches, Butler decried war and pointed out how so many people died just to benefit a very small ‘inside’ group. The speech read in part,
WAR IS A RACKET. IT ALWAYS HAS BEEN.
IT IS POSSIBLY THE OLDEST, EASILY THE MOST PROFITABLE, SURELY THE MOST VICIOUS. 
IT IS THE ONLY ONE INTERNATIONAL IN SCOPE.
 IT IS THE ONLY ONE IN WHICH THE PROFITS ARE RECKONED IN DOLLARS AND THE LOSSES IN LIVES.
Sadly, very few people inside this detached and brutal government ever come to realize the true nature of war. As the threat of World War III looms across the planet, the American taxpayers are being fleeced to build the weapons with which this world war will be carried out — all the while, the commander and chief is reaping the benefits.



ARTICLE
The government has withdrawn its request to unmask an anti-Trump Twitter account after the social media platform and the ACLU stepped in to protect the right to free speech afforded under the first amendment.

Buzzfeed reports:
A federal agency has dropped its demand that Twitter turn over information about an anti-Trump account, according to court papers that Twitter filed on Friday.
Twitter’s lawyers told a federal judge that the US Department of Justice contacted the company on Friday — one day after Twitter filed a lawsuit in federal court in California challenging the demand — to say that US Customs and Border Protection had withdrawn a summons seeking personal identifying information relating to the @ALT_USCIS account. Twitter said that as a result, it was dismissing the lawsuit.
“Because the summons has now been withdrawn, Twitter voluntary dismisses without prejudice all claims against Defendants,” Twitter’s lawyers wrote in Friday’s filing.
Twitter sued the Trump administration on Thursday, trying to stop an attempt at forcing the company to reveal personal information about the user of the @ALT_USCIS account.
“The rights of free speech afforded Twitter’s users and Twitter itself under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution include a right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech,” the lawsuit argued.
Filed in federal court in California, the lawsuit sought a court order stopping the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) from using its summons authority to demand Twitter turn over personal identifying information relating to the account, identified on Twitter as an “immigration resistance” account and “[n]ot the views of DHS or USCIS.”
Asked for comment on the lawsuit, Department of Homeland Security spokesperson Jenny Berke wrote, “As a matter of policy, we do not comment on pending litigation.”
In a letter sent Friday to the CBP, Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon said he was “gravely alarmed” by the government’s demand that Twitter turn over the account information. Sen. Wyden called on CBP Acting Commissioner Kevin McAleenan to investigate the circumstances that led to the summons, including finding out whether officials in the Trump administration outside of the CBP were involved.
The lawsuit alleged that the request violates the First Amendment, is not authorized under the relevant summons law, violates the Administrative Procedure Act.

Twitter argued that the government cannot order Twitter to turn over the information unless several conditions are met, including “demonstrating that some criminal or civil offense has been committed, that unmasking the users’ identity is the least restrictive means for investigating that offense, that the demand for this information is not motivated by a desire to suppress free speech, and that the interests of pursuing that investigation outweigh the important First Amendment rights of Twitter and its users.”
Of those standards, Twitter’s lawyers from Wilmer Hale — including former US Solicitor General Seth Waxman — wrote that “Defendants have not come close to making any of those showings.”
The ACLU informed BuzzFeed News that it would represent the @ALT_USCIS user, and would be making a court filing on behalf of the user in the near future, raising statutory and constitutional arguments.
“The right to anonymously speak out against the government is clearly protected by the First Amendment. We are pleased to see Twitter standing up for its users’ rights, and the ACLU will soon be filing documents in court on behalf of this user,” ACLU attorney Nathan Freed Wessler told BuzzFeed News in a statement. “To unmask an anonymous speaker online, the government must have a strong justification. But in this case the government has given no reason at all, leading to concerns that it is simply trying to stifle dissent.”

On March 14, according to the complaint, an agent with CBP faxed a summons to Twitter, ordering it to turn over “[a]ll records regarding the twitter account @ALT_USCIS to include, User name, account login, phone numbers, mailing addresses, and I.P. addresses.”
As noted in the complaint, however, “The CBP Summons ordered Twitter to produce the records to a CBP office in Washington D.C. by 11:45 A.M. on March 13, 2017—the day before the CBP Summons was faxed to Twitter.”




ARTICLE
Protesters gathered in cities across the US and other parts of the world, in demonstration against President Donald Trump’s missile strikes on a Syrian airbase.
Demonstrators also expressed their resentment against Washington’s warmongering policy and said bombing Syria would create even more conflict, not resolution.

The demonstrations were mostly peaceful,  but there were some clashes with police and some arrests.

Anti-war demonstrations have been planned this weekend for 50 cities across the US
Press TV reports:
Protesters in New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, on Friday chanted slogans against Trump’s controversial order and showed their support for the Syrian people.
Activists in New York had signs denouncing the bombing, including placards that read “Bombing Syria doesn’t protect people, it KILLS THEM” and “NO! In the name of humanity, we refused to accept a fascist America.”
The demonstrators also expressed their resentment against Washington’s warmongering policy and said bombing Syria would create even more conflict, not resolution.
“It’s only going to escalate the violence,” Martin Jennings, a protester, told local media. “I’m really concerned about the future of the Syrian people.”
Some protesters said they did not believe Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was behind Tuesday’s suspected chemical attack and said intervention would only make things worse.
“Get out of Syria, stop interfering, and let the people of Syria decide for themselves,” protester Greg Butterfield said.
At least two people were arrested in New York City while another four were rounded up in Jacksonville, Florida.
Anti-war demonstrations have been planned for 50 cities across the US for the weekend.
The US military launched 59 cruise missiles on the al-Shayrat airbase in Homs province in the early hours of Friday.
Trump said the operation was in response to the chemical attack in Idlib province. The Syrian government has strongly denied responsibility for that attack.
In London, the British anti-war campaign group Stop the War Coalition took to the streets of Westminster to protest the US airstrikes.
In a message posted to the group’s Facebook page, the organization said, “The Stop the War Coalition​ condemn​s Donald Trump’s decision to launch attacks against Syrian targets.”
 



ARTICLE
A lawsuit has been filed accusing Seattle Democrat mayor Ed Murray of child sexual abuse stretching back decades, as President Trump’s urgent investigation into the elite pedophile ring that has infiltrated Washington D.C. and politics nationwide continues taking down high-profile perpetrators.
Weeks after former mayor of Hubbard, Ohio (D) Richard Keenan admitted in court to raping a young child, the current mayor of Seattle is now also facing life behind bars.
Four victims have come forward, two of whom have been identified as Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson. All four are accusing Mayor Ed Murray of being a predatory pedophile who repeatedly raped and molested them when they were minors.
Seattle Times reports that an anonymous 46-year-old Kent man sued Seattle Mayor Ed Murray on Thursday, claiming Murray “raped and molested him” over several years, beginning in 1986 when the man was a 15-year-old high-school dropout.
The lawsuit in King County Superior Court, filed under the man’s initials, “D.H.,” alleges Murray sexually abused the crack-cocaine addicted teen on numerous occasions for payments of $10 to $20.
“I have been dealing with this for over 30 years,” the man, now sober for a year, said in an interview with The Seattle Times. He said he was coming forward as part of a “healing process” after years of “the shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that he put me through.”
[Attorney Suing Elite Pedophile Ring Shot Dead In Atlanta]
The man also said his father’s recent death freed him of a desire to keep the abuse secret.
His attorneys wrote in the complaint that their client’s actions were not politically motivated, KIRO7 reported. They said that D.H “believes that the public has a right to full information when a trusted official exploits a child.”
But the allegations against the Democrat mayor don’t stop there.
KIRO7  also reports that two other men said they knew Mayor Murray when they lived in a Portland, Oregon, center for troubled children.
Jeff Simpson and Lloyd Anderson accused Murray of abusing them in the 1980s and paying them for sex and said they’d be willing to testify about it, the Times said.
Simpson, 49, said Murray – who he had thought of as a father – raped him over several years, starting at age 13, and in later years, paid him.
“I would really like for him to admit it and to take responsibility,’ Simpson told two Times reporters who visited him in Portland.”
“I don’t necessarily think that he destroyed my life but I believe a lot of the problems I have stemmed from this.”
Simpson tried to bring a lawsuit against Murray in 2007, with Anderson’s support, but his lawyer withdrew from the case. In 2008, Simpson started calling media organizations and lawmakers in Olympia, saying Murray, then a state senator was a pedophile who had sexually abused him.
When the alleged abuse began, one of them reportedly talked with a social worker and detective. Simpson and Anderson raised the allegations a decade ago in calls to reporters and Washington state lawmakers, and they repeated them in recent interviews with the Times.



ARTICLE
Italian investigators have found evidence that links a human trafficking organisation and a terrorist group to billionaire George Soros.
According to a March 5 investigation, authorities found links to NGO’s financed by Soros, which are involved in both human trafficking and helping ISIS militants to infiltrate the European continent.
Thedailyeconomist.com reports:
Using the guise of ‘aiding’ Syrian refugees to get into European countries, these Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO’s) are actually shipping non-refugees from North Africa who are part of an ISIS run smuggling operation.
Investigations by Italian authorities and others have found that NGOs funded by among others George Soros, are actively financing private ships to smuggle tens of thousands of illegal North African refugees into the EU via Southern Italy. The human trafficking is reportedly linked to ISIS smuggling networks. If confirmed by authorities, it could potentially open the NGOs to criminal charges .
Carmelo Zuccaro, the Chief Prosecutor of Catania, Sicily, has testified to a committee of the Italian Parliament in March that an official investigation into the funding of a fleet of modern refugee boats in the Mediterranean by private NGOs is warranted. He cited evidence that the human traffic smugglers in Libya and other North African coastal states, often reportedly linked to ISIS or other criminal bands, were coordinating the traffic into Italy of tens of thousands of illegal refugees. Zuccaro reported evidence that the human traffickers either on land, or on board smaller migrant boats, call the larger NGO-financed rescue vessels directly to arrange transfer of refugees. That implies a very close level of coordination between the human smuggler bands and the NGO-funded fleet of ships.
Zuccaro announced that his office is investigating what he called the “abnormal” amount of funds that allows even small agencies to hire ships. Italian authorities have so far uncovered at least ten private Non-Governmental Organizations involved, among them several NGOs financed by US hedge fund speculator George Soros’ Open Society Foundations. – William Engdahl
The very definition of terrorism is the use of violent means to create a political outcome, and all across the world Soros funded organizations such as his Open Society have funded revolutions and violent acts of terrorism from Ukraine to Europe, and even in the U.S. through organizations like Black Lives Matter.
In the fight against global terrorism, it is unfortunate that politicians speak through both sides of their mouths as they are willing to aid and fund groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda, while at the same time send young Americans to their deaths in countless ideological wars. And more and more it seems that at the center of all the political and geo-political chaos is but one man, and it is high time he be incarcerated for the uncountable crimes against humanity he has both funded and executed.




ARTICLE
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has expressed his deep thanks to President Trump on Friday morning for bombing Syria. 
Following the firing of five dozen American Tomahawk missiles at Syria’s al-Shayrat airfield, Netanyahu praised the President for his decisive and “appropriate response,” despite the fact that no proof has been given that Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
Jpost.com reports:
The airbase played host to the very planes which on Tuesday laid chemical siege to a civilian town in Idlib province, killing 74 people and incapacitating over 550. It was not immediately clear whether Trump would order additional strikes.
“In words and actions President Trump sent a strong and clear response: The use of chemical weapons is unacceptable,” Netanyahu stated.

“Israel fully and unequivocally supports the presidents decision and hopes the clear message will reverberate not only in Damascus but also in Tehran, Pyongyang and other places.”
President Reuven Rivlin echoed Netanyahu’ statement calling the US airstrike a “fitting and appropriate response” to the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
“In acting as it has, the United States serves as an example to the entire free world, which must support any step required to bring the atrocities in Syria to an end,” Rivlin added.

“The US attack on Syria delivered an important and necessary message from the entire free world, led by the United Stated, that it will note tolerate the war crimes of [Syrian President] Bashar Assad’s regime against innocent civilians,” Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman said in a statement Friday morning.
“These atrocities must be stopped, there is a price to pay for such cruelty.”
The IDF was warned in advance of the strike and supported the decision, according to the IDF spokesperson’s unit.

Trump’s attack against the Assad regime came 77 days into his presidency.



ARTICLE
A leaked Hillary Clinton email confirms that the Obama administration, with Hillary at the helm, orchestrated a civil war in Syria to benefit Israel. 
The new Wikileaks release shows the then Secretary of State ordering a war in Syria in order to overthrow the government and oust President Assad, claiming it was the “best way to help Israel”.
Newobserveronline.com reports:
The document was one of many unclassified by the US Department of State under case number F-2014-20439, Doc No. C05794498, following the uproar over Clinton’s private email server kept at her house while she served as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013.
Although the Wikileaks transcript dates the email as December 31, 2000, this is an error on their part, as the contents of the email (in particular the reference to May 2012 talks between Iran and the west over its nuclear program in Istanbul) show that the email was in fact sent on December 31, 2012.
The email makes it clear that it has been US policy from the very beginning to violently overthrow the Syrian government—and specifically to do this because it is in Israel’s interests.

“The best way to help Israel deal with Iran’s growing nuclear capability is to help the people of Syria overthrow the regime of Bashar Assad,” Clinton forthrightly starts off by saying.
Even though all US intelligence reports had long dismissed Iran’s “atom bomb” program as a hoax (a conclusion supported by the International Atomic Energy Agency), Clinton continues to use these lies to “justify” destroying Syria in the name of Israel.
She specifically links Iran’s mythical atom bomb program to Syria because, she says, Iran’s “atom bomb” program threatens Israel’s “monopoly” on nuclear weapons in the Middle East.
If Iran were to acquire a nuclear weapon, Clinton asserts, this would allow Syria (and other “adversaries of Israel” such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt) to “go nuclear as well,” all of which would threaten Israel’s interests.
Therefore, Clinton, says, Syria has to be destroyed.
Iran’s nuclear program and Syria’s civil war may seem unconnected, but they are. What Israeli military leaders really worry about — but cannot talk about — is losing their nuclear monopoly.
An Iranian nuclear weapons capability would not only end that nuclear monopoly but could also prompt other adversaries, like Saudi Arabia and Egypt, to go nuclear as well. The result would be a precarious nuclear balance in which Israel could not respond to provocations with conventional military strikes on Syria and Lebanon, as it can today.
If Iran were to reach the threshold of a nuclear weapons state, Tehran would find it much easier to call on its allies in Syria and Hezbollah to strike Israel, knowing that its nuclear weapons would serve as a deterrent to Israel responding against Iran itself.
It is, Clinton continues, the “strategic relationship between Iran and the regime of Bashar Assad in Syria” that makes it possible for Iran to undermine Israel’s security.
This would not come about through a “direct attack,” Clinton admits, because “in the thirty years of hostility between Iran and Israel” this has never occurred, but through its alleged “proxies.”
The end of the Assad regime would end this dangerous alliance. Israel’s leadership understands well why defeating Assad is now in its interests.
Bringing down Assad would not only be a massive boon to Israel’s security, it would also ease Israel’s understandable fear of losing its nuclear monopoly.
Then, Israel and the United States might be able to develop a common view of when the Iranian program is so dangerous that military action could be warranted.
Clinton goes on to asset that directly threatening Bashar Assad “and his family” with violence is the “right thing” to do:
In short, the White House can ease the tension that has developed with Israel over Iran by doing the right thing in Syria.
With his life and his family at risk, only the threat or use of force will change the Syrian dictator Bashar Assad’s mind.
The email proves—as if any more proof was needed—that the US government has been the main sponsor of the growth of terrorism in the Middle East, and all in order to “protect” Israel.
It is also a sobering thought to consider that the “refugee” crisis which currently threatens to destroy Europe, was directly sparked off by this US government action as well, insofar as there are any genuine refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria.
In addition, over 250,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict, which has spread to Iraq—all thanks to Clinton and the Obama administration backing the “rebels” and stoking the fires of war in Syria.
The real and disturbing possibility that a psychopath like Clinton—whose policy has inflicted death and misery upon millions of people—could become the next president of America is the most deeply shocking thought of all.
Clinton’s public assertion that, if elected president, she would “take the relationship with Israel to the next level,” would definitively mark her, and Israel, as the enemy of not just some Arab states in the Middle East, but of all peace-loving people on earth.



ARTICLE
The US has launched 50 to 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles against the Syrian military base near Homs in its first direct American attack on the Syrian government

President Donald Trump ordered the strikes in response to the chemical attack in Idlib, which he blamed on Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Britain has backed Donald Trump’s missile assault while Russia has condemned American  ‘aggression’  saying it will damage its relations with the US.
The surprise barrage of Tomahawk missiles were launched from US ships in the Mediterranean and struck the Shayrat air base in central Syria in the early hours of Friday.
RT reports:
US President Donald Trump spoke from his Mar-a-Lago resort following the airstrikes, accusing Assad of using nerve gas that killed civilians in Idlib.
Calling it a “targeted military strike,” Trump said the Homs airfield was where the chemical gas attack earlier this week originated from.
Trump described the attack as defending a “vital national security interest” and called upon “civilized nations” to help end the “slaughter and bloodshed in Syria.”
“There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the chemical weapons convention, and ignored the urging of the UN security council,” Trump said. “Years of previous attempts at changing Assad’s behaviour have all failed and failed very dramatically.”
Fifty-nine US Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles were launched from the US warships USS Porter and USS Ross from the Eastern Mediterranean Sea, Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said in a statement. Davis added that “extraordinary measures” were taken “to avoid civilian casualties,” and that “every precaution was taken” to minimize the “risk to personnel at the airfield.”

The Pentagon has released photos of Tomahawk missiles, showing the moment they were being launched from the US warships in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea to Syria.




ARTICLE
An attorney who was working on multiple legal cases against members of the elite pedophile ring was shot dead in Atlanta on Monday.
Trinh Huynh, 40, was working pro bono with abuse victims on several legal cases involving high-profile elite pedophiles outside of her regular work at a law firm, and was said to have a “take no prisoners” attitude towards pedophiles, regardless of their status in society.
The brave attorney was executed in the street by multiple gunshots at 7:40am in midtown Atlanta on Monday in what police have described as a “targeted killing“.
The killer was captured on CCTV released by police and can be seen “acting calm” before identifying and approaching Huynh, shooting her in cold blood, and then casually jogging away after the killing.
Police have now arrested the alleged assassin, 39-year-old Raylon Browning, over the shooting, but admit they have yet to connect the dots between him and his victim.
Officers arrested him in nearby Cobb County after he was pulled over for running a red light by traffic police. A police spokesman said Browning was “unfazed” by the allegations.
Those who knew Huynh said she was an amazing woman with a kind heart who “always had a smile on face” despite the harrowing nature of her job.
But according to police, the brave attorney, fighting the elite pedophile ring, may have made herself a target.
“We definitely believe that she was a target,” Lt. Ricardo Vazquez said. “Why she was a target, we do not know that yet.”
Deputy Chief Darryl Tolleson said the 39-year-old alleged killer was also wanted on assault charges stemming from a separate incident on Sunday, where he allegedly stabbed two people.
The officers did not know Browning was a suspect in Huynh’s murder when they arrested him, the Journal-Constitution reports. Police later found what is believed to be the murder weapon in his car.
The arrest comes after CCTV footage showing the man – believed to be Browning – in the moments directly before and after the shooting on Huynh.

The man was spotted walking down Peachtree Place to the junction of Peachtree Road, where he shot Huynh in the back before fleeing the way he came.
“I look up and see the woman, she just drops in the crosswalk bleeding,” witness Toney Booker told Fox 5 Atlanta.
“She’s clutching her wound trying to keep pressure, and then she went unresponsive, So civilians run out to her and give her chest compression’s to bring her back, while they’re applying pressure.“
She was pronounced dead later, at Grady Memorial Hospital.
The killer didn’t talk to Huynh before he killed her – suggesting that the killing was “targeted” – police said, earlier this week.
“We see him following her in another piece of video,” Vazquez said. “There was another person in that intersection and it appears that he specifically targeted her.”
He added that the killer was unusually calm throughout. A connection between the shooter and Huynh hasn’t yet been established, Vazquez said.
[First Democrat Official Tied To Elite Pedophile Ring Pleads Guilty]
Huynh was as an in-house lawyer at UPS who had previously worked at law firms Powell Goldstein and Alston & Bird, Law.com reported.
Outside of work, she traveled extensively and was active in both pro bono legal work and volunteering.
Huynh was a member of the Georgia Asylum and Immigration Network, which provides free legal services to immigrant victims of human trafficking, domestic violence, sexual assault and other crimes.
The 40-year-old was born in Saigon, Vietnam, but came to America as a child immigrant. She graduated Princeton University in 1998 and Emory University School of Law in 2004.



ARTICLE
The Rothschilds bought out Donald Trump decades ago, and now the President is repaying the globalists by doing the New World Order’s bidding.
As soon as Trump pulled the trigger on Thursday, liberal guests on MSNBC and CNN were gushing praise and John McCain and Hillary Clinton were slapping him on the back.
Let that sink in.
Make no mistake, the U.S. presidential election was rigged even before the first ballot was cast. The Rothschilds were up to their old tricks – funding both sides of the war in order to fuel chaos, derive maximum profit, and ensure they retain ultimate influence when the new order emerges.

Everybody knows Hillary Clinton was the establishment’s candidate of choice, backed by the Rothschilds and the New World Order. But what is less well known is that Donald Trump is also a Rothschild creation and actor, playing a part in the great sham that is the New World Order’s fake politics, designed to keep control of the people in this supposedly “democratic” society.


During the election political analysts said that Trump’s tilt for the presidency has been “thirty years in the making.” This made even more sense than those establishment shills at the Washington Post realized. Thirty years ago members of the Rothschild family saved Trump from bankruptcy and took him under their wing. They recognised his potential as a “man of use” and “colourful front man” for a secretive organisation that prefers to keep itself in the shadows.
Consider how Trump built his wealth – and who supported him during his booms and busts.
“In 1987 Donald Trump purchased his first casino interests when he acquired 93% of the shares in Resorts International. Resorts International has a sordid history which began in the early 1950’s when it evolved from a CIA and Mossad front company which had been established for the purpose of money laundering the profits from drug trafficking, gambling, and other illegal activities. On October 30, 1978, The Spotlight newspaper reported that the principle investors of Resorts International were Meyer Lansky, Tibor Rosenbaum, William Mellon Hitchcock, David Rockefeller, and one Baron Edmond de Rothschild.”
“In 1987, upon the death of longtime CIA front man James Crosby, the nominal head of Resorts International, up-and-coming young New York real estate tycoon Donald Trump stepped into the picture and bought Crosby’s interest in the gambling empire.”
“Trump soon became a household name, with his colorful personality and his insistence upon naming a variety of luxury hotels, apartment houses and other commercial ventures after himself. But while the name “Trump” appeared in the headlines, the names of the real movers behind Resorts International – Rockefeller and Rothschild – remained hidden from public view.”
“After quickly expanding the reach of Resorts International to Atlantic City in the final years of the 1980s, Donald Trump found himself in financial trouble as the real estate market in New York tanked. The three casinos in Atlantic City, like other Trump assets, were under threat from lenders. It was only with the assistance and assurance of Wilbur L. Ross Jr., senior managing director of Rothschild Inc. that Trump was allowed to keep the casinos and rebuild his threatened empire.”
This was detailed in a Bloomberg article from March 22, 1992.
The same Wilbur L. Ross, still Jacob Rothschild’s right hand man, came out in support of Trump’s nomination in March 2016, also reported by Bloomberg – and is currently Donald Trump’s Secretary of Commerce.
In another move to fill out his economic team, Trump nominated Steven Mnuchin to be his Treasury Secretary. That’s the same Steven Mnuchin who spent 17 years working at Goldman Sachs, an investment firm that has produced multiple secretaries of the Treasury, before taking the helm of Trump’s fundraising operation this year.
Mnuchin also worked with the man who broke the Bank of England. Billionaire globalist George Soros hired him in 2003 to start a new business, Dune Capital, focused on buying risky debt.
If the links aren’t obvious enough, consider the fact that Jacob Rothschild’s son, Nat Rothschild, even dated Ivanka Trump.
Both candidates in the election were controlled by the globalist powers that be. You had Hillary Clinton sacrificing chickens and begging in emails to pay her penance to the Rothschilds. Meanwhile, Trump appears to have been bought long ago. He was made by the Rothschilds. He is paying his penance by appointing senior Rothschild men to key posts in his administration and is now playing the globalist game.
Either way, American citizens didn’t have a choice in this election. The New World Order have been working behind the scenes for decades creating the actors that played the roles.
This was the New World Order’s plan all along. To have both candidates operating under their interests whilst systematically pitting the entire nation against each other, creating the chaos they need to push their New World Order agenda closer to completion.



ARTICLE
The Obama administration granted former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and six of her aides top secret classified information to help her win the 2016 race. 
According to Fox News, after Hillary announced her intention to run for the White House in April 2015, Obama continued sharing classified info with her team in order to give her the upper hand against her rivals.
Thepoliticalinsider.com reports:
Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley made the startling revelation in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, noting that Clinton asked for access to the classified information because she was writing her memoir, Hard Choices.
That’s right – The woman who had a home brew server installed in her bathroom and whose emails somehow ended up on laptops owned by serial snapchatter Anthony Weiner, was granted access to sensitive material so she could write a book.
Via Fox News:
When Hillary Clinton resigned as Secretary of State in 2013, she negotiated continuing access to classified and top-secret documents for herself and six staffers under the designation “research assistants,” according to a powerful senator who notes that Clinton was later deemed “extremely careless” with such information.
The staff apparently retained access even after Clinton announced her run for president in April 2015, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa. The access was ostensibly granted to facilitate work on Clinton’s memoir, but Grassley said he was only able to verify it after the Obama administration left the White House.
President Obama’s administration repeatedly stonewalled Grassley’s requests for information on the classified information access.
“I have repeatedly asked the State Department whether Secretary Clinton and her associates had their clearances suspended or revoked to which the Obama Administration refused to respond,” the Senator wrote.
Now why would Obama not want anyone to know he had granted Hillary access to classified material?
Remarkably, the State Department had failed to answer questions about whether or not Clinton and her aides still have access.
Fox News reported, “The State Department has not yet responded to an inquiry from Fox News as to whether Clinton, or her staff … still have access to the classified and top-secret archives and systems.”
Grassley noted there is “evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information…”
Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch said, “Any other government employee, I don’t care what department or agency they are from, would have had their access to classified and top secret information revoked and their clearance suspended, pending the outcome of an investigation into the mishandling of such information.”
“It is so unimaginatively offensive that Hillary Clinton or her staff would have any access to classified or top secret information,” Farrell added. “It is a mindblower.”



ARTICLE
The CIA not only routinely torture people as part of their infamous ‘torture program’ but also conduct human experimentation, according to new documents. 
According to Senate Intelligence Committee’s investigative reports, the CIA’s controversial interrogation and detention techniques extend to cruel and unusual forms of experimentation, used on prisoners held at the agency’s secret black sites.
The masterminds behind these experiments were two psychologists hired by the CIA, James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen.
Thenation.com reports:
In its response to the Senate report, the CIA justified its decision to hire the duo: “We believe their expertise was so unique that we would have been derelict had we not sought them out when it became clear that CIA would be heading into the uncharted territory of the program.” Mitchell and Jessen’s qualifications did not include interrogation experience, specialized knowledge about Al Qaeda or relevant cultural or linguistic knowledge. What they had was Air Force experience in studying the effects of torture on American prisoners of war, as well as a curiosity about whether theories of “learned helplessness” derived from experiments on dogs might work on human enemies.
To implement those theories, Mitchell and Jessen oversaw or personally engaged in techniques intended to produce “debility, disorientation and dread.” Their “theory” had a particular means-ends relationship that is not well understood, as Mitchell testily explained in an interview on Vice News: “The point of the bad cop is to get the bad guy to talk to the good cop.” In other words, “enhanced interrogation techniques” (the Bush administration’s euphemism for torture) do not themselves produce useful information; rather, they produce the condition of total submission that will facilitate extraction of actionable intelligence.
Mitchell, like former CIA Director Michael Hayden and others who have defended the torture program, argues that a fundamental error in the Senate report is the elision of means (waterboarding, “rectal rehydration,” weeks or months of nakedness in total darkness and isolation, and other techniques intended to break prisoners) and ends—manufactured compliance, which, the defenders claim, enabled the collection of abundant intelligence that kept Americans safe. (That claim is amply and authoritatively contradicted in the report.)
As Americans from the Beltway to the heartland debate—again—the legality and efficacy of “enhanced interrogation,” we are reminded that “torture” has lost its stigma as morally reprehensible and criminal behavior. That was evident in the 2012 GOP presidential primary, when more than half of the candidates vowed to bring back waterboarding, and it is on full display now. On Meet the Press, for example, former Vice President Dick Cheney, who functionally topped the national security decision-making hierarchy during the Bush years, announced that he “would do it again in a minute.”
No one has been held accountable for torture, beyond a handful of prosecutions of low-level troops and contractors. Indeed, impunity has been virtually guaranteed as a result of various Faustian bargains, which include “golden shield” legal memos written by government lawyers for the CIA; ex post facto immunity for war crimes that Congress inserted in the 2006 Military Commissions Act; classification and secrecy that still shrouds the torture program, as is apparent in the Senate report’s redactions; and the “look forward, not backward” position that President Obama has maintained through every wave of public revelations since 2009. An American majority, it seems, has come to accept the legacy of torture.
Human experimentation, in contrast, has not been politically refashioned into a legitimate or justifiable enterprise. Therefore, it would behoove us to appreciate the fact that the architects and implementers of black-site torments were authorized at the highest levels of the White House and CIA to experiment on human beings. Reading the report through this lens casts a different light on questions of accountability and impunity.
The “war on terror” is not the CIA’s first venture into human experimentation. At the dawn of the Cold War, German scientists and doctors with Nazi records of human experimentation were given new identities and brought to the United States under Operation Paperclip. During the Korean War, alarmed by the shocking rapidity of American POWs’ breakdowns and indoctrination by their communist captors, the CIA began investing in mind-control research. In 1953, the CIA established the MK-ULTRA program, whose earliest phase involved hypnosis, electroshock and hallucinogenic drugs. The program evolved into experiments in psychological torture that adapted elements of Soviet and Chinese models, including longtime standing, protracted isolation, sleep deprivation and humiliation. Those lessons soon became an applied “science” in the Cold War.
During the Vietnam War, the CIA developed the Phoenix program, which combined psychological torture with brutal interrogations, human experimentation and extrajudicial executions. In 1963, the CIA produced a manual titled “Kubark Counterintelligence Interrogation” to guide agents in the art of extracting information from “resistant” sources by combining techniques to produce “debility, disorientation and dread.” Like the communists, the CIA largely eschewed tactics that violently target the body in favor of those that target the mind by systematically attacking all human senses in order to produce the desired state of compliance. The Phoenix program model was incorporated into the curriculum of the School of the Americas, and an updated version of the Kubark guide, produced in 1983 and titled “Human Resource Exploitation Manual,” was disseminated to the intelligence services of right-wing regimes in Latin America and Southeast Asia during the global “war on communism.”
In the mid-1980s, CIA practices became the subject of congressional investigations into US-supported atrocities in Central America. Both manuals became public in 1997 as a result of Freedom of Information Act litigation by The Baltimore Sun. That would have seemed like a “never again” moment.
But here we are again. This brings us back to Mitchell and Jessen. Because of their experience as trainers in the military’s Survival, Evasion, Resistance, Escape (SERE) program, after 9/11 they were contacted by high-ranking Pentagon officials and, later, by lawyers who wanted to know whether some of those SERE techniques could be reverse-engineered to get terrorism suspects to talk.
The road from abstract hypotheticals (can SERE be reverse-engineered?) to the authorized use of waterboarding and confinement boxes runs straight into the terrain of human experimentation. On April 15, 2002, Mitchell and Jessen arrived at a black site in Thailand to supervise the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah, the first “high-value detainee” captured by the CIA. By July, Mitchell proposed more coercive techniques to CIA headquarters, and many of these were approved in late July. From then until the program was dry-docked in 2008, at least thirty-eight people were subjected to psychological and physical torments, and the results were methodically documented and analyzed. That is the textbook definition of human experimentation.
My point is not to minimize the illegality of torture or the legal imperatives to pursue accountability for perpetrators. Rather, because the concept of torture has been so muddled and disputed, I suggest that accountability would be more publicly palatable if we reframed the CIA’s program as one of human experimentation. If we did so, it would be more difficult to laud or excuse perpetrators as “patriots” who “acted in good faith.” Although torture has become a Rorschach test among political elites playing to public opinion on the Sunday morning talk shows, human experimentation has no such community of advocates and apologists.



ARTICLE
The Pentagon is in detailed discussions with the White House about military options in Syria.
According to a US official, this could include grounding Syrian aircraft and cruise missile strikes.
President Donald Trump is being briefed on the full range of military options after the White House blamed the Syrian government for the alleged chemical attack in Idlib province earlier this week.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the US was “considering an appropriate response” and added there was “no doubt” President Assad was behind the attack.
He also called on Russia, a key ally of Assad, to reconsider its support for his regime.
Asked if the US will lead a regime change effort in Syria, Tillerson said that “those steps are underway.”
Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, who must be rubbing their hands with glee, said Assad “has crossed a line” and “must pay a punitive cost for this horrific attack”.
RT reports:
Among the options would be using cruise missiles to attack Syrian targets and “grounding” Syrian aircraft, an unnamed US official told Reuters on Thursday. The official did not say how likely US military action would be, however.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster have been discussing the matter, the official said. Mattis is due to meet with Trump later in the day at the president’s Mar-a-Lago retreat, where a summit meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping is underway.
Speaking with reporters aboard Air Force One, Trump said that “something should happen” with Assad after the chemical attack, calling what happened in Syria “a disgrace to humanity.”
“There is no doubt in our minds, and the information we have supports, that the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack,” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters in Florida on Thursday, adding that “there is no role for Assad” in Syria after this.
Tillerson also warned Russia that it should “consider carefully their support” for Assad.



ARTICLE
By revealing top secret and classified information for political purposes in their battle against Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Susan Rice committed felonies, Judge Napolitano said on Fox Business News on Tuesday.
“The use of intelligence data, which is Top Secret/Classified, for political purposes is a scandal and a tragedy worse than Watergate,” Judge Napolitano said. “The more of this that comes out, and the more the public knows, the more the public will see the campaign of President Obama and his colleagues to undermine the presidency of Donald Trump using the intelligence community as an instrument.”
“The revelation of Top Secret information for political purposes, that’s called A FELONY,” Judge Napolitano roared.

Make no mistake, the former administration is shaking in their boots along with their cronies on the Hill because they expected Hillary to be President. If that happened, their corruption and abuses of power would have been covered up, and the consolidation of power would have been complete.
But that didn’t happen. The people spoke and the Obama-Clinton crime cabal is slowly but surely starting to unravel.
The crimes uncovered will be plenty and epic and Democrats will continue to squeal and rat on their former colleagues. The show has just begun. CNN and mainstream media won’t be able to keep their viewers heads in the sand for much longer.
Take a look at this image of CNN’s front page. Look at the level of coverage CNN have been providing to the scandal others including Judge Napolitano are calling “worse than Watergate” – a single article, hidden among the margins:

Talk about “Very Fake News.” This type of blatant suppression of truth is why the whole operation is accurately called a crime cabal. The Bush-Clinton-Obama-corporate media crime cabal.
They are mafia families who own the mayors, judges, DA and police, and most of all, the mainstream media. Bringing them down is going to be an uphill struggle, but the first, and hardest, step has already been taken.
Defeating Hillary at the polls was the first step.
All this talk of Trump being “controlled opposition” is nonsense. This past election was supposed to go to Hillary in a Jeb Bush/Hillary contest. And this country would have gone globalist and third world.



ARTICLE
Two students at the University of California have “threatened” to “cut off” their penises if President Trump presses ahead with plans to erect the US-Mexico border wall.
The bizarre, self-defeating protest seems to be catching on, as four students at the University of Washington have also threatened to remove their reproductive anatomy if Trump fulfills the campaign promise that got him democratically elected.
Washington Sophomore Trent Griliphaen said he was inspired by the movement at The University of California, and that he thinks that Trump’s construction of the wall is “just an extension of his penis, and an expression of patriarchal rape culture.”
“Really, by building the wall, we are raping the Mexican people, and I am no longer willing to be a perpetrator of rape culture. If I remove my penis, I am making a statement that I reject this mentality.”
Griliphaen was apparently the first student at UW to embrace this movement, and according to him, he has inspired three other male students to commit to emasculating themselves when construction of the new border wall commences.
“I heard about what was happening in California, and new that this kind of movement could gain traction up here – we are a progressive state,” Griliphaen said.
I kind of feel guilty, I’m removing my penis, but one of the other guys is going to castrate himself, and he’s even considering taking off a couple of fingers.”
I hereby nominate Trent Griliphaen and his liberal college comrades for the Darwin Award. By removing their reproductive organs, the human gene pool can only be improved.
“The Darwin Awards salute the improvement of the human genome by honoring those who 
accidentally remove themselves from it…”
In other news worthy of Darwin Award nominations, it has become fashionable on Twitter for liberals to pledge “not to have children” in order to protest President Trump. What a shame, huh – no liberal children being born for the foreseeable future.





Way to go, guys! Keep up the protest! On a long enough timeline, this means liberals will die out altogether.



ARTICLE
Alec Baldwin, currently battling accusations he knowingly filmed sex scenes with an underage girl in 2006, has declared he would love to run against President Trump in 2020.
Baldwin also delivered a stark warning to Democrat challengers currently “on deck” to run against Trump, saying that none of them have a hope in hell of kicking Trump out of the Oval Office
“None of those people are going to beat [Trump],” the 59-year-old star said in an interview with Extra. “You think things are bad now; I tell you when things are going to be worse, if he wins again.”
“I would love to run for office because I think people need something different.”
Baldwin is currently promoting a film, Baby Boss, and a memoir, titled Nevertheless, and earlier this week he opened up on Good Morning America about the leaked 2007 voicemail to his daughter Ireland.
“It’s thrown in your face every day,” Baldwin said of the voicemail, which was leaked to the media, and caught the actor calling his daughter a “rude, thoughtless little pig.”
“There are people who admonish me, or attack me, and use that as a constant spearhead to do that,” Baldwin explained. “It’s a scab that never heals because it’s been picked at all the time by so many people. I think my daughter, that’s hurt her in a permanent way.”
On Tuesday, producer Dana Brunetti — who worked with Baldwin on the 2006 independent film Mini’s First Time — slammed the actor’s claim in his biography that he did not know he was filming sex scenes with an underage Nikki Reed.
The film depicts then 16-year-old Nikki Reed playing a high school call girl who develops a love affair with a client: her stepfather, played by Baldwin.
“I was 47, and it never occurred to me to ask how old Nikki Reed was,” wrote Baldwin in his book. “When I found out, just as we finished, that she was 17, I flipped out on the producers, who had told me something different.”
But the producer of the film, Dana Brunetti, hit back on Twitter, calling Baldwin out for lying to cover his ass. According to the production staff, Baldwin approved for girls for the role, including Reed, and he knew her age.

“So to summarize, Alec Baldwin knew Nikki Reed was 16,” the producer said. “[Baldwin] didn’t find out AFTER filming, and did not yell at us.“



ARTICLE
Fact-free mainstream media keeps telling braindead liberal viewers that President Trump is a lame duck president who isn’t keeping his campaign promises. The reality is they couldn’t be more wrong. President Trump is fulfilling his campaign promises at breakneck pace. 
This is a list of twenty-five big promises President Trump made on the campaign trail, and has kept in his first 73 days in office – a mere 1/41 of his presidency.
Barely any of them have been reported on because of the nonsense Russia conspiracy theory that the mainstream media have been forcing down our throats. The fact is, Trump has literally “done more in 73 days than Obama did in 8 years.“
This is not only a running list of promises he has kept so far, but also things he has done that weren’t even promised on the campaign trail.
PROMISES MADE AND KEPT SO FAR:
Campaign Promise 1: To replace Antonin Scalia with a like-minded justice from a list of 20.
The Nomination of Neil Gorsuch who is one of the most qualified people ever nominated to the SCOTUS whose nomination to the 10th Circuit Court was unanimously approved by Republicans, and Democrats including Cuck Schumer, Hillary Clinton, and Joe Biden in 2006. And before the opposition says “but, Merrick Garland” tell them to look up up the Biden Rule.
Campaign Promise 2: To suspend immigration from terror-prone countries.
The President has attempted to enact a Travel Ban that is 100% CONSTITUTIONAL AND is made from the seven (six, now) “countries of concern” outlined by the Hussein Administration. This has been blocked by an extremely liberal Hawaiian judge who was appointed by Obama. (The blocking of this travel ban might piss me off more than anything that has happened during his presidency, because judges should be blind to politics, but that is proving to be false.) Hopefully this will go to the Supreme Court and be overturned quickly.
Campaign Promise 3: To defund and crack down on sanctuary cities.
Trump has implemented a YUGE crackdown on sanctuary cities, threatening to defund them.
Campaign Promise 4: To revive the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota Access Pipeline.
The revival of the Dakota and Keystone XL Pipelines creating American jobs.
Campaign Promise 5: To pull the US out of the TPP, an Obama-era trade deal detrimental to the US.
Trump pulled us out of the TPP which would have been absolutely disastrous for the US.
Campaign Promise 6: DONALD TRUMP LOVES WOMEN AND WANTS TO HELP WOMEN!
Trump has signed an Executive Order promoting women in STEM jobs (careers real feminists strive for, not “dance therapy” feminists).
Trump has Launched a Council empowering female leaders and female entrepreneurs.
Campaign Promise 7: To renegotiate, or pull out of Bill Clinton’s terrible trade deal, NAFTA.
Trump met with Justin Trudeau (what a joke) to discuss the tweaking of NAFTA to benefit the US more, after he threatens to leave it.
Campaign Promise 8: To undo ridiculous Obama-era federal agency regulations.
Trump ordered a two-for-one repeal for all new regulations enacted by federal agencies.
Campaign Promise 9: To rollback Obama-era regulations on small businesses.
Trump has rolled back ridiculous Obama-era regulations that have made it nearly impossible for small businesses to hire employees.
Campaign Promise 10: To help America’s inner-cities deeply in need of rebuilding.
Trump has signed an Executive Order to give major funding to “Historically Black Colleges and Universities,” helping out inner-cities immensely.
Trump’s EPA granted $10 million to aid the Flint, Michigan water crisis.
Campaign Promise 11: To protect our policemen, the true everyday heroes.
Trump signed an Executive Order protecting our police.
Campaign Promise 12: To crackdown on illegal immigration and to BUILD A WALL.
Trump has implemented a YUGE crackdown on illegal immigration and he has started the WALL initiative.
Campaign Promise 13: To bolster our depleted military.
Trump has increased our military budget because we don’t want to use our military, but want to be prepared to use it.
Campaign Promise 14: To enact a five year lobbying ban on government Officials after they leave office.
Trump has placed a five year and lifetime lobbying ban on government officials for when they leave office.
Campaign Promise 15: To crackdown on drug cartels and illegal drugs crossing the border.
Trump signed an Executive Order cracking down on drug cartels.
Campaign Promise 16: To revitalize the dying coal industry in the US.
Trump has enacted Joint Resolution 38 putting hundreds, if not thousands of coal miners back to work.
Campaign Promise 17: To create American JOBS and bring companies back to America.
Trump negotiated a deal with Carrier promising to bring manufacturing and jobs back to the US.
Trump has met with CEOs from huge companies to work on bringing jobs back to America.
There was an increase of 298,000 jobs in February alone (liberals will say that counts in Obama’s fiscal year, but we know the truth).
Trump met with Intel CEO who promised $7 Billion investment and over 3,000 high paying (not “shovel ready” bullshit jobs) in America.
Trump met with the CEO of Softbank who has promised 50,000 more American jobs and has already fulfilled 3,000 of those jobs.
Kroger has promised over 10,000 new jobs in the era of Trump.
Campaign Promise 18: Pushing NATO allies to pay their fair share or face the reality of the US possibly leaving.
Trump has put major pressure on the members of NATO to pay their fair and equal share because there are only a handful of countries in NATO who currently pay as much as agreed upon.
Campaign Promise 19: To make America energy independent, relieving us from our dependence on foreign entities, such as OPEC.
Trump has taken major steps towards securing America’s energy independence.
Campaign Promise 20: To enact a hiring freeze on government employees to help stop corruption.
Trump enacted a hiring freeze to all federal employees, cutting down on the over-bloated bureaucracy.
Campaign Promise 21: Trump could be the president that takes us to Mars!
Trump signed a Bill allowing NASA funding, including an exploration to Mars.
Campaign Promise 22: To undo many of Obama’s unconstitutional Executive Orders.
Rescinding (one of) Obama’s incredibly unconstitutional actions regarding transgender bathrooms in schools.
Campaign Promise 23: The repeal and replacement of Obamacare.
The recent GOP fallout of AHCA Plan was no fault of Trump’s. The blame solely belongs to Speaker Ryan. He created a shit bill and couldn’t even capitalize to get enough votes. Obamacare will crash in 2017 when individual mandates kick in and Democrats will be to blame. That is when Trump will truly work to Repeal and Replace it with a plan he promised us.
Trump got rid of the idiotic penalty in Obamacare that fines you if you choose not to participate in the program.
Campaign Promise 24: To “Bomb the shit out of ISIS.”
He called for a drone strike in Afghanistan killing Qari Yasin, a Pakistani Al-Qaeda leader.
Campaign Promise 25: To not take a salary as President.
He donated his first quarterly salary to the National Park Service.
ACTIONS NOT PROMISED ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL, BUT HAVE BEEN PUT IN EFFECT:
(Even though it was Mike Pence) The defunding of clinics that perform abortions. Because no matter whether you are pro-choice/pro-life, the government should not be funding abortions. (Also, if people bring up the Hyde Amendment which is supposed to not let any federal funding go towards abortions, LET THEM KNOW that US taxpayers pay for about 24% of abortions despite of that “amendment”.)
Huge spikes in the NASDAQ average index and the DOW average index starting November 8th. (This will count for Obama unfortunately, but we know where the real credit belongs.)
He has placed sanctions on Iran after they tested ballistic missiles.
He has met with/talked to over 30 foreign leaders.
Trump has moved on to tax reform, lowering taxes for Americans.
He negotiated down the Price of the new Air Force One one billion dollars in a meeting that lasted just one hour.
He issued major cuts to the costs of the F-35 saving billions.
He has opened the eyes of the American public to just how unbelievably corrupt (pretty believable to most) the Hussein Administration was.
Source



ARTICLE
Billionaire elitist George Soros has been caught funding cyber firm Crowdstrike – the corporation behind the claims that Russia hacked the US Presidential election last year.
According to a new report, the Democratic National Committee (DNC) relied exclusively on data provided by Crowdstrike to justify their claims that Russia was behind the hacking of DNC servers.
It has been discovered that the cyber firm repeatedly misrepresented the data in order to frame the Russian government for the attacks, deliberately withholding information about known capabilities of third parties who were able to impersonate Russian hackers.
George Soros’ involvement with the corporation should come as no surprise, as earlier in 2017 the billionaire told a packed out audience at the World Economic Forum that he would “take down” Donald Trump for disrupting his plans for the New World Order.
Disobedientmedia.com reports:
The founder of Crowdstrike is also tied to the Atlantic Council, a think tank supported by George Soros which has been accused of accepting funds in exchange for support of favored policy positions as well as promoting disinformation and propaganda attacks against anti establishment figures.
I. Crowdstrike’s Claims Of Russian Hacking Cannot Be Independently Verified By Government Agencies, Ignore Known Attribution Techniques
On June 14, 2016, Crowdstrike published a study commissioned by the DNC, in which they accused the Russian government of breaching the DNC’s computer systems. The DNC’s choice to rely on Crowdstrike exclusively was incredibly controversial. CNN reported that the DNC actually refused to grant the FBI access to their servers despite the agency’s explicitly stating that they could conduct a satisfactory investigation if they were forced to rely on third party data. The report by Crowdstrike stood as one of the first definitive authorities which has found evidence of Russian cyber infiltration or electronic meddling in the 2016 elections. Rather than confirm the notion that Russia interfered in American elections, a number of other developments since Crowdstrike’s report have cast increasing doubt on their claims and in fact have suggested that they may be part of a widespread attempt to push disinformation for financial gain and benefit to the groups clients and affiliates.
Alarming indicators that Crowdstrike may have been promoting the idea of “Russian hacking” out of ulterior motives began to emerge almost immediately after their report was released. On July 28th, 2016, The Washington Post reported that Crowdstrike was one of a number of cyber security firms making a large profit thanks to widespread fears about Russian hackers. Beyond running a report which would satisfy the DNC, the drumming up of fear about Russian cyber menaces meant created a blatant potential conflict of interest for Crowdstrike.
Crowdstrike’s analysis also ignored known capabilities, since publicized by Wikileaks in their Day Zero and Marble releases from the Vault 7 series, which have proven the existence of cyber capabilities that allow programmers mask the identity of their malware and masquerade it as belonging to foreign intelligence agencies and mimic their online attack methods. They have also shown that many programmers have the ability to create an appearance of ‘false attribution’ which gives the impression that the malware was created by another country, even mimicking the native language of the host country they intend to attribute the attack to.
II. Crowdstrike Has Misrepresented Data In Order To Push Anti-Russian Narratives
On December 22nd, 2016, Crowdstrike ran another report, alleging that Russians hacked into a Ukrainian artillery app, resulting in heavy losses of howitzers in Ukraine’s civil war with Russian-backed separatists. The report was intended to buttress its claims of Russian hacking in the presidential election. The report was immediately contested by Yaroslav Sherstyuk, maker of the Ukrainian military app in question, who called the company’s report “delusional.” On March 23rd, 2017, Voice of America(VOA) ran a damning piece citing British think tank the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), who stated that CrowdStrike erroneously used IISS data as proof of the intrusion. Furthermore, the IISS disavowed any connection to the CrowdStrike report. The Ukrainian Ministry of Defense also claimed that the combat losses and hacking never happened, meaning that Crowdstrike had apparently fabricated facts and details in the report completely.
Crowdstrike told VOA that they stood by their findings. But the next day VOA noted that Crowdstrike had altered their report, deleting key assertions they had made in the report about Ukrainian army losses, claims that a malware infection contributed to artillery losses and a link to IISS data which they had cited. The humiliating redactions apparently came after Crowdstrike had spoken with an IISS research associate for defense and military analysis. The apparent misrepresentation of data which had been intended to support Crowdstrike’s claims of Russian hacking creates serious questions about the merits of their claims that Russia was behind alleged hacks of the DNC’s computer systems earlier that year.
III. Crowdstrike Has Ties To The Soros-Supported Atlantic Council
Further investigation has revealed that Crowdstrike has deep ties to a think tank which has a history of pay to play practices and a track record of seeking to foment confrontation between the United States and Russia. Crowdstrike founder Dmitri Alperovitch acts as a Senior Fellow for the Atlantic Council. In February, Disobedient Media reported that the Atlantic Council has a troubling history of taking money from foreign special interest groups and government agencies in return for pushing propaganda to support various initiatives around the globe. The New York Times has named the Atlantic Council along with the Brookings Institution and the Center for Strategic and International Studies as being think tanks which have made undisclosed “agreements” with foreign governments. The article denounced the Atlantic Council for having “opened a whole new window into an aspect of the influence-buying in Washington that has not previously been exposed.”
In May 2016, a report by the Associated Press identified the Atlantic Council as one of a number of think tanks which had received funding from the Ploughshares Fund, which was a major player in efforts to sell the Iranian nuclear deal to the American public. The Ploughshares Fund is financed by George Soros’ Open Society Foundation. The Atlantic Council consistently promotes hostile, anti-Russian rhetoric. The organization has also promoted unsourced and unfounded claims that Russia was responsible for “hacking” the 2016 U.S. presidential elections despite the fact that this conspiracy theory has been resoundingly debunked by various authorities in the intelligence community and by multiple media sources. The Atlantic Council, unfazed by the evidence that their claims of hacking were false, have continued to promote these falsehoods in the aftermath of the election in what appeared to be a possible effort to undermine American democratic institutions.
IV. Conclusion
The tight relationship between Crowdstrike and a think tank which also has a long track record of promoting unproven claims about Russian hacking, their failure to account for false attribution techniques commonly used by programmers to frame other countries for hacking attacks and their history of making factually untrue and misleading claims about Russian hacking creates concerns about their ability to objectively report on whether or not the DNC’s servers were breached by a foreign actor during the 2016 elections. Their association with the DNC comes at a time when the party has been attempting to craft a narrative of alleged Russian hacking to support their election bids in the upcoming 2018 U.S. midterm elections and delegitimize the victories of their political opponents in 2016.
The Atlantic Council’s past relationship with George Soros is also problematic given that Soros has deep financial ties to groups organizing resistance movements as part of an attempt to enact regime change in the United States. As former CIA Director Michael Morell, James Clapper and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence have all clearly stated that there is not, nor has ever been any evidence that Russian hacking affected any election results in the 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections, the efforts of Crowdstrike to promote claims to the contrary raises serious questions about their research as well as the intentions of the DNC in preventing neutral federal regulatory agencies from examining their servers firsthand to verify the claims.



ARTICLE
An 18-year-old high school boy from New Jersey named Ziad Ahmed applied and got accepted to California’s prestigious Stanford University by answering #BlackLivesMatter one-hundred times to the question which he was instructed to answer in one-hundred words or less: “What matters to you, and why?”
“When I thought about why, I realized that the insistence on explaining the meaning of the hashtag is inherently problematic and the ‘why’ is embodied in the words themselves,” Ahmed told CBS News in an email Wednesday. “Declaring the humanity and value of black lives is necessitated by the painful reality that the collective humanity is frequently denied when perpetrators of violence enjoy impunity.”
CBS reports:
The 18-year-old said he wanted to write an application that was “authentic,” something that demonstrated his passion to be a part of making a difference, which includes being an ally with the #BlackLivesMatter movement.
“I am many things, but I am an unapologetic progressive activist first and foremost,” he said. “To be an ally, to me, means to listen, to show up, and to constructively contribute. That looks like volunteering for organizations that have been on the ground doing change-making, adding my voice to those who are peacefully protesting, amplifying narratives that are grounded in facts not fear, and naming injustice.”
Ahmed was confident the university would respond to his message — and he was right.
On Saturday, the high schooler announced his Stanford acceptance letter, welcoming him to be among its class of 2021, with a single tweet.
 

“The attention from this tweet emboldens my desire to learn and understand the history of how we have arrived at this moment,” Ahmed said. “I want to find innovative ways to disrupt and create positive change, to be a constructive and respectful ally, and to be better a person.”
Ernest Miranda, senior director of media relations at Stanford, told CBS News school officials can’t discuss students’ applications. However, he added, the school reviews applications “holistically” and no portion of the application is considered without the rest of the application.
“Stanford has numerous long and short question requirements on its supplemental application, in addition to the primary essay in the Common Application,” Miranda explained. “As the student has reported himself, his response regarding #BlackLivesMatter was to one of the short-answer questions on the Stanford-specific application, not an essay.”
But Ahmed made his mark long before submitting his Stanford application.
He founded a non-profit organization called Redefy, which seeks to mobilize young people to confront stereotypes, and was honored last year by Business Insider as one of its “15 young prodigies who are already changing the world.”
Ahmed, who is Muslim, was invited to the 2015 White House Iftar dinner, a celebration during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, where then-President Barack Obama personally thanked him for his activism work.
“Right now, there is a political climate that seeks to divide for political gain that emboldens xenophobic sentiments by propagating false narratives, and it is through actionable steps that we can hope to change that,” Ahmed said.



ARTICLE
President Trump confirmed on Wednesday that former Obama aide Susan Rice committed a felony by unmasking names of U.S. citizens mentioned in intelligence reports. 
Trump claims that this latest scandal to hit the Obama administration is “the biggest story of our time,” and has hinted that Rice and others could face criminal prosecution.
Dailycaller.com reports:
“It’s such an important story for our country and the world,” POTUS continued. “It is one of the big stories of our time.”
The Times adds that when specifically asked if Rice’s behavior constituted a crime, Trump answered “Do I think? Yes, I think.”
During an interview Tuesday with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell, Rice revealed there is an “established practice” for senior national security officials, including herself, to unmask U.S. citizens mentioned in intelligence reports.
Rice maintained that any possible unmasking she might have participated in — she refrained from naming specific examples — is not the same as leaking classified information to the media. She denied ever leaking unmasked names.
“The notion that which some people are trying to suggest that by asking for the identity of an American person, that is the same as leaking it is completely false,” she told Mitchell. “There’s no equivalence between unmasking and leaking.”
“The effort to ask for the identity of an American citizen is necessary to understand an intelligence report in some circumstances.”




ARTICLE
Ron Paul has accused the British and US governments of staging a false flag chemical attack in Syria in an attempt to topple President Bashar al-Assad. 
In an interview with defense policy advisor Daniel McAdams, the former Congressman says the alleged chemical attack that killed dozens of civilians, was a blatant false flag by rogue elements within the US government, designed to destabilise the Middle East and thwart ongoing peace talks in Syria.
According to Senator Paul, the attack was orchestrated by sinister forces within big oil, the military industrial complex, and the Deep State. “Big oil and military industrial groups have an interest to continue the war in Syria. [The attack] was probably inspired by sinister forces within the U.S. It looks like it wasn’t an accidental event. It makes no sense that Assad is ready to commit political suicide,” he told McAdams.

Partial transcript of Ron Paul and Daniel McAdams interview
Ron: Before the possible gas exposure in Syria yesterday, things were going reasonably well. With Trump saying Syrians should decide who ran their own country. Peace talks were breaking out. Al-Qaeda and ISIS were on the run.
They claim Assad released gas and killed a bunch of people. Ever since 2013, the neocons have been yelling and screaming about Assad using gas against his people.
Daniel: The UN said the 2013 attack was done by the rebels. Now you have the US ambassador to the UN claiming “we know Assad has used chemical weapons before.” Its not true.
Ron: Who would benefit? It makes no sense for Assad to use gas against his own people. I think there is zero chance he did this. McCain says he blames Trump for this. Says Trump hasn’t been “aggressive enough”.
Daniel: The fact is we’re on the eve of peace talks. Assad has the upper hand in these talks. He’s almost wiped ISIS out of the country. So he’s on the verge of this victory he decided to kill people with gas? He would have to be the most insane leader in the history of the world.
Ron: Big oil and military industrial groups have an interest to continue the war. I think its these same groups who were trying to install regime change in the Middle East with Bush. They have to get public support for the war, so behind the scenes the Deep State and Neocons, they do this. I think thats whats going on. So how is Trump going to handle this? He seems conflicted.
Daniel: The reaction is epitomised by Boris Johnson. He claims that all evidence points to Assad, yet also says “lets call for a thorough investigation”. How can you say all evidence points to Assad and then call for an investigation? The stories about the attack came from two sources. One is an NGO in the UK that’s not even in Syria, and the other is a US funded group called The White Helmets.  A very controversial group because they work very closely with the Al-Nusra front. Both of these groups are paid for by the US and UK governments.
I’ve seen the pictures the White Helmets posted online – handling people apparently attacked with Sarin gas – but not wearing any protection.
Ron:McCain made fun of the notion of letting the Syrians decide what do to about their own future.
Daniel: What a hypocrite he is. The same guy screaming ‘the Russians interfered in our elections’ says no one is allowed to decide their own fate… We’re being told lies just like we were in Iraq and Libya.
Ron:  If you are looking for a reasonable explanation, it was probably inspired by sinister forces within the U.S. We are always involved. It looks like it wasn’t an accidental event. It makes no sense that Assad is ready to commit political suicide.



ARTICLE
A hacked document reveals that Twitter bosses use a list of alternative media accounts to shadow ban people who speak out against the establishment.
The social media giant uses the list to artificially suppress tweets and hide them from people’s timelines, without the users’ knowing they are being censored.
One of the pages of the 82-page document, clearly shows the majority of the accounts as being either conservative or alternative in nature.

Allnewspipeline.com reports:
In February 2016, Breitbart News received confirmation from an inside source that Twitter had been “shadow banning” politically inconvenient users, meaning users that shared articles and information that does not align with the ideology of those that run Twitter. “Shadow banning” is described in the following manner:
Shadowbanning, sometimes known as “Stealth Banning” or “Hell Banning,” is commonly used by online community managers to block content posted by spammers. Instead of banning a user directly (which would alert the spammer to their status, prompting them to create a new account), their content is merely hidden from public view.
For site owners, the ideal shadowban is when a user never realizes he’s been shadowbanned.
According to that report, Twitter was using their “stealth banning” in order to influence the 2016 presidential election, by censoring the “news” their users were exposed to. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has been accused in the past of running a “systemic campaign” against conservatives, as well as “purging” conservatives from the social media platform, in order to “silence conservative voices online.”
THE LIST
According to the list making the rounds on Twitter, hashtag #shadowban, it alleges this is just one page of 82 pages which consist of thousands of names. The list is prefaced with the following statement:
“For the time being, only a partial list of the most notorious accounts is being provided due to the literally thousands of accounts on the list. The list appears to have been created more by an algorithm using filters for ‘buzzwords’ than just popular accounts (this assessment was made due to the fact that an entire portion of the list contained back-to-back “deplorable” accounts with either deplorable in the user name, or profile description). Twitter also uses a filter that has an “admin delay” in which a post is delayed for view until its filter approves the post. If the person is low priority, it will normally take only 15-20 seconds once it runs through the buzzwords. If it’s high profile, it may take manual approval. The “Impressions” are reduced with a limit capacity which is why you’re seeing less and less likes and retweets from conservative accounts: because limiting impressions means less people seeing tweets from these accounts in their regular news feeds. Ironically, Wikileaks and Guccifer 2.0 are not on the list. The anomaly in the list is that not all on the list are Trump supporters. Rumor has it remaining docs with headers will be on 4Chan”
The one page of 82 of the list of alleged accounts being shadow banned, via image shown below:

A few points about the list, the names and the reference to the “deplorables” in the statement above the list.
Point one: Many of these names are clearly “conservative” in nature, and many well known in the truth movement.
Point Two: The fact that the statement specifically mentions “back-to-back” deplorable accounts” clearly indicates that they are specifically targeting Trump supporters because users did not start adding the word “deplorable” onto their names, or profiles, until Hillary Clinton claimed publicly that Trump supporters belonged in a basket of “deplorables,” which was highly controversial during the election cycle, and to which Trump and his supporters started using as a badge of honor. Point Three: The fact that so many deplorables are supposedly on the remaining pages of this “list,” if real, would mean that Twitter was still adding names to their supposed “shadow ban” list after Breitbart exposed their shadow banning practices, because their article was in February 2016, and Clinton’s statement was in September 2016.
EVIDENCE VIA ANALYTICS OF TWITTER SHADOW BANNING PRACTICES
While attempting to verify the veracity of this Twitter shadow ban list #1of82, which I will reiterate now, we could not confirm, nor debunk, I did run across an article from someone on this list, published before the list was published publicly, which provides data, via analytics, that show that Twitter has been “shadow banning” his posts and shares.
Middle row, 14th name from the top, is @Cernovich, which is the account of Mike Cernovich, who owns the popular website Danger & Play. On March 14, 2017, six days ago, Cernovich showed via screen shots of his analytics tools, that he had gained an average of 500 followers per day, until March 11, 2017, when those numbers showed a dramatic decrease to average approximately 100 a day, with one of those days showing only 28 new followers.

To go from a high of 919 on March 5th to a low of 28 just nine days later, is indicative of a very big problem.
Likewise, despite losing no net followers, his impressions saw a 30% to 50% decrease, meaning what he was sharing was not being seen by his followers. His average retweet, where he shares a post and others hit the retweet button to share it with their followers, dropped from an average of 800 per post, to 173, in just a months time.
See the other screen shots of the charts he uses to prove his assertions.
BOTTOM LINE
Analytics do not lie, and the fact that Cernovich provided evidence that shows conclusively that new followers, retweets and impressions decreased in such a dramatic fashion, in conjunction with his name being on this alleged partial list of names that Twitter has targeted for censorship via their “shadow bans,” offers quite a bit of credence to the legitimacy of this partial list.
Each and every one of the names on this list shown above, should be going through their Twitter analytics, which tracks impressions, engagement, links clicks, likes and more. Users can choose time frames, so they can compare last year with this year, months compared to previous months, by setting specified ranges, to see if they too have suffered significant decreases in the aforementioned areas as Cernovich did.
I go over a few of the specific names on the list above in the video below.




ARTICLE
A family in Texas are outraged that local police hovered a drone over their back yard without warning.
The last thing Bobbie Sanchez expected to see when she walked out into her backyard last week, was a drone watching her children.
Sanchez said her privacy was violated when one of her children said “Mommy there’s a drone over our roof”
The drone was hovering there long enough for the horrified Mother to take multiple photos and call the police for help.
Activist Post reports:
However, when Sanchez called the Hurst police department to inform them a drone was spying on her children, the Hurst police department said it was them.
“They’re watching my children play in the backyard,” said Sanchez. “I called the Hurst Police Department and was pretty surprised to hear that it was them.”
According to NBC DFW, Hurst police and fire started using drones earlier this year. They said the day they were over Sanchez’s yard was a training exercise.
Training, in the land of the free, now involves police officers stripping citizens of their privacy and creepily watching their kids.
Dystopian, indeed.
After being caught spying on children, the department now promises that they will tighten down on when and where the drones will be deployed.
“We will not be doing any type of training exercises over houses and things like that,” said Hurst Police Assistant Chief Steve Niekamp.
According to Niekamp, the department’s drones will now only launch of crime scenes, accident scenes, to find a suspect, an active shooter, or a missing person. The fire department may also use them to strategize on fighting fires.
“We’re working for our citizens, if they have concerns then we definitely need to address it,” said Niekamp in an obvious understatement.
When Sanchez’ neighbors got news of the drone they were outraged, naturally.
“It might be legal but it’s still creepy to think that police can be saying that they’re training or looking for a criminal and still be looking at you in your backyard,” said neighbor Casey Byrnes.
Others told NBC DFW that they feel betrayed and that their trust in police is damaged.
In a truly liberty-loving tone, Sanchez stated, “I am not a person who will give up privacy for safety.”
The use of drones in policing is a slippery slope. While fears of active shooters and missing children will be used to justify them, if history is any indicator, these drones will ultimately be used to further deteriorate what little semblance of privacy left in America.



ARTICLE
Weeks after shocking the world by exposing the elite pedophile ring on mainstream television, Dr Phil has been canceled by Dutch Media RTL, with production insiders warning many territories are under intense pressure from powerful people to cancel the show. 
“Dr Phil has a target on his head now. They are going to destroy him and the show,” the production assistant said.
Dutch Media RTL, which has broadcast Dr Phil for 15 years, is the first territory to bow to pressure and cancel the show.
Brave Dr. Phil exposed the crimes of an elite government pedophile ring to millions of viewers across the United States during the episode in question, after interviewing a former child sex slave called ‘Kendall’.

Kendall, who was repeatedly sexually abused as a young child, detailed her life growing up as a sex slave to an elite pedophile ring to a stunned audience.
As more and more Americans are beginning to wake up to the fact that high-level government officials routinely sexually abuse children, Dr. Phil helped bring the issue to the attention of an even bigger audience.
Now he is being punished for it.
Thefreethoughtproject reports: Kendall explains that she was born to be a sex slave, as her parents intentionally had her for the trafficker she calls her “owner.” Kendall says that her parents sold her at birth to an elite pedophile ring that serviced some of the world’s power elite, describing her first memories as being passed around groups of rich and prominent men and women for them to “take turns” with her for sadistic sexual pleasure.
Making her first public appearance after escaping from the man she calls her “owner,” Kendall describes being forced to participate in actions that shock the conscience. She explains that she was forced to rape children as young as 5- years-old, and even admits to having been forced to kill a baby by the human trafficker she describes as her “owner.”
Kendall says that she can tell the difference between kids born into sexual slavery and ones that have been kidnapped, as the ones born into it are more docile and less upset as it is the only reality they have ever known.
When Dr. Phil asks how old she thinks she was when she was first raped, Kendall explains that it was “before I could talk – I was used to it by the time I was 2.”

She says she doesn’t even know her actual age, as she has been a sex slave her entire life, being trafficked around the globe to be molested and raped by the societal elites – including high ranking law enforcement official, major sports franchise owners and even high level U.S. politicians.
She describes having birthed 3 children while in captivity, all of which have been taken from her by her owner/trafficker, and are believed by Kendall to now be child sex slaves themselves.
“I was allowed to get pregnant, because men paid for that,” Kendall said.

Kendall notes that the pedophiles she came into contact with over the years were extremely wealthy – often “pillars of the community” – with some even owning private islands or large pieces of land.
“They would buy us just to hunt us,” she said.
She recalls one of her most fearful memories was that of the pedophiles hosting a “hunting party” on one of their large private plots of lands, making numerous children run and hide in fear, as they were the “prey” to be hunted. The pedophiles would then hunt the children as they ran and hid in fear – raping and torturing them when they were captured.

The activities described by this woman are so profoundly disturbing they can be almost hard to believe, but Dr. Phil confirms that his team not only investigated Kendall’s case for four months, but also consulted with law enforcement experts who confirmed her story. Dr. Phil said he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.
[President Trump Announces Elite Pedophile Ring Investigation]
In a damning indictment of the power-elite, Kendall described how the pedophile politicians would adorn her in designer clothes, well groomed hair and makeup to give the appearance of class and sophistication. She explains that she and other children were often hung from cages suspended from the ceiling, and that they were often drugged before being transported in the darkness of night.
She claims that she was trafficked to pedophile politicians, and taken to political parties attended by high-level politicians who used her for their personal pleasure. The politicians always took great care to hide what they were doing, according to Kendall, who confirmed that there are many elite U.S. politicians that have been engaged in raping children for many years — a reality that has consistently been covered up and completely hidden from voters.
Perhaps the reason these crimes have been so steadfastly hidden from public view, is that high-level law enforcement officials have also been implicated as being part of the elite pedophile network.
[Trey Gowdy Fights Tears As He Vows To Destroy Elite Pedophile Ring]
This is just the latest case to emerge in what is now being called #PedoGate. #PedoGate refers to an international pedophile ring composed of politicians and other high profile societal elites.



ARTICLE
According to new blood testing data gathered by Reuters, children in California have higher levels of poisonous lead in their blood than those in Flint, Michigan. 
Children from one Fresno community had three times the amount of lead contamination in their blood than children who were exposed to poisoned water in Flint.
Potentially fatal levels of lead poisoning were also found in numerous Bay Area communities and in downtown Los Angeles.
Naturalnews.com reports:
In one area of Fresno, 13.6 percent of blood samples collected from children under the age of six revealed high levels of lead — compared to just 5 percent across the city of Flint, MI during the water contamination crisis.
Altogether, 29 Californian communities were found to have childhood lead poisoning rates that were at least as high as Flint’s.
California Assemblymember Bill Quirk, who chairs the state legislature’s Committee on Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials stated,“It’s a widespread problem and we have to get a better idea of where the sources of exposure are.”
As Reuters explains, other states provided the media outlet with testing results from all zip codes or census tracts. California, however, withheld data from areas where there were fewer than 250 children screened, stating that data from those areas would be “less reliable.” The available data included 400,000 children from 546 zip codes, which Reuters notes likely omits many neighborhoods where lead poisoning is still a serious issue, but not enough children were screened.  Unsurprisingly, California’s Public Health Department claims that comparisons of their blood testing results to other states “aren’t warranted,” because the state tests children that they deem “at risk” of lead exposure. In areas affected by high levels of lead poisoning, government officials are at least taking action. Cities like Oakland and Emeryville have proposed ordinances and resolutions to help combat exposure to lead.
Lead exposure strikes the nation
Flint, Michigan made headlines when it was revealed that the municipal water supply had been poisoning the townspeople with lead. Childhood lead poisoning rates reached 5 percent in the area, and hearts went out to the community. But Flint is sadly not alone in their lead poisoning crisis, and the communities of California are not the only ones keeping it company. In fact, the Flint crisis is downright mild compared to the levels of lead some other communities have been afflicted with. Countless cities and towns across the United States are riddled with the toxic heavy metal: It’s in the soil, the water and many homes.
In 2016, Reuters discovered that there were some 3,000 communities in the US with childhood lead poisoning rates that were at least double that of what was seen in Flint. And over 1,000 of these communities exhibited elevated blood lead levels that were four times higher than those seen in Flint. For example, in Warren, Pennsylvania, a staggering 36 percent of the children tested had high blood lead levels. And in some areas of Baltimore, Cleveland and Philadelphia, the rate of high lead content in blood samples has reached between 40 and 50 percent within the last decade.
The dangers of lead
Lead poisoning is a national problem. In children under the age of 6, the threshold for elevated blood lead levels is just 5 micrograms per liter. Because there is no safe level of exposure, even this seemingly small amount is enough to be damaging, especially to children.
Lead was once commonly used in fuel, household paint and plumbing materials, and is still often found in older buildings. Lead is a known neurotoxin, and children are especially susceptible to its effects. It can cause irreparable damage to almost all organ systems in the human body, but is most known for its ability to disrupt cognitive development and cause learning disabilities. The neurological effects of lead are generally the most immediate, but this does not mean that other ill effects cannot occur, even later in life. According to the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease, childhood lead poisoning can contribute to other health issues later in life such as kidney issues, hypertension, reproductive difficulties and it can also affect the health of future offspring. So not only can lead poisoning harm children, it can set the stage for your children’s children to have health issues.



ARTICLE
Senator Rand Paul has called on former National Security Advisor Susan Rice to testify before Congress about her role in illegally unmasking names of Trump transition officials.
The Republican senator says he believes Susan Rice may have been acting under orders from President Obama, urging Congress not to allow the situation to be downplayed.
Dailycallernewsfoundation.org reports:
He noted there was nothing stopping the former administration from looking through Trump officials and national security advisors’ conversations during the transition window.
“If it is allowed, we shouldn’t be allowing it, but I don’t think should just discount how big a deal it is that Susan Rice was looking at these,” he told reporters Monday. “And she needs to be asked, ‘Did President Obama ask her to do this? Was this a directive from President Obama?  I think she should testify under oath on this.”
Paul said he has long thought there are too many people with the ability to unmask individuals.
“The law says you can’t reverse target people, but how would you know that once you get inside the brain and the people that are unmasking people,” Paul continued. “So, what if I decided to unmask and I’m there and I only unmask the conversations of my Democrat opponents — shouldn’t there be more restrictions for unmasking people in the political process?”
He said he believes there should be two individuals at the top of the agency to allow for identities to be unmasked. Paul noted the process is indiscriminate, noting the United States previously captured every phone call in Italy for a month.
“Basically there’s no Fourth Amendment when you use these kinds of things, you go with a lower standard because we’ve got to protect the country and we don’t care about spying on foreigners,” he said, adding there are said to be millions of Americans caught up in the country’s foreign targeting.
Paul said the president did not bring up the matter on their golf trip Sunday, but he voiced his opinion on the matter.



ARTICLE
Conservative watchdog, Judicial Watch, has obtained IRS documents proving that the Obama administration ordered the agency to target and destroy conservative organizations. 
Nearly 700 pages of Obama IRS Scandal documents show that officials working under Obama used “inappropriate political labels” to have conservative tax-exempt organizations receive unfair treatment by the IRS.
Rt.com reports:
The documents were made available following a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch in 2015.
https://twitter.com/JudicialWatch/status/849298699591266304
The FOIA request was made following a scandal in 2013, that revealed the US Internal Revenue Service had selected political groups applying for tax-exempt status for intensive scrutiny based on their names or political themes. The revelation led to wide condemnation of the agency and prompted several investigation, including an FBI order by the US Attorney General Eric Holder.
Initial reports described the selection as nearly exclusively targeting conservative groups with terms such as “Tea Party” in their names but later it was found that some liberal groups were also selected for additional review.
In January 2014, the FBI told Fox News that its investigation had found no evidence so far warranting the filing of federal criminal charges in connection with the controversy, as it had not found any evidence of “enemy hunting”, and that the investigation continued. On October 23, 2015, the Justice Department declared that no criminal charges would be filed.
Of the 695 pages of documents released by the IRS, 61 percent were withheld in their entirety. Among the new materials is a June 20, 2013 memo from Karen Schiller, then acting-director suspending the use of the controversial Be on the Lookout (BOLO) and Touch and Go (TAG) lists that was used for identifying terms conservative and liberal groups.
Another document is an August 8, 2013 memo, where Schiller admits the IRS used political labels in targeting groups for special scrutiny and possible audit and directing the organization in the future to screen organization based only on their activities “not words” or “labels of any kind.”
Included in the documents is a “Dear [Applicant]” letter that offers applicants an “expedited process” for 501( c) (4)s in exchange for restriction on their activities.
“This optional expedited process is currently available only to applicants for 501(c)(4) status with applications pending for more than 120 days as of May 28, 2013, that indicate the organization may be involved in political campaign intervention”.
Judicial Watch had previously argued the lists used to identify conservative organizations applying for tax exempt status was used by the Obama administration in advance of the 2012 presidential election.
“No wonder the Obama IRS has been hiding these records. The new smoking-gun documents contain admissions by the Obama IRS that is inappropriately targeted conservative groups,” said Judicial Watch President, Tom Fitton. “But the records also show that the abuse continued – as the Obama IRS tried to force conservative applications to give up their First Amendment rights in order to finally get their applications granted.”
Between 2010 and 2012, the number of applications the IRS received each year seeking 501(c)(4) certification doubled. During this period, budget cuts and personnel cuts reduced the IRS’s ability to adequately perform its core duties.
When the Obama administration requested in 2011 that Congress increase the IRS’s $12.1 billion budget by $1 billion to allow the agency to hire 5,100 additional agents, Congress instead reduced the IRS budget to $11.8 billion, and the IRS offered buyouts to 5,400 of its 95,000 employees.



ARTICLE
The US government has admitted to bombing and killing an innocent family in Iraq whilst telling the public they had killed ISIS militants instead.
Under the guise of bombing ISIS HQ in Mosul, Iraq, the US military ended up killing a university professor and three family members during an airstrike on September 21st last year.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Airwars reports, “University professor Mohannad Rezzo; his 17-year old son Najib Mohannad Rezzo; his brother Bassim’s wife Miyada Rezzo and their 21-year old daughter Tuka Rezzo” perished together, as bombs intended for Islamic State leaders instead heedlessly destroyed a family.
But, unironically, it took until April Fool’s Day 2017 for U.S. officials to concede the coalition’s heinous error.
“This report was opened and a credibility assessment completed in 2015. However, the report was never officially closed or reported publicly. I do not know why that was,” Colonel Joe Scrocca, Director of Public Affairs for the Coalition, told Airwars.
“The case was brought to our attention by the media and we discovered the oversight, relooked [at] the case based on the information provided by the journalist and family, which confirmed the 2015 assessment, and officially closed the report in February.”
Asked by Airwars how the coalition managed to mistake a family home for the headquarters of one of the most insidious, barbarous, terrorist organizations in operation, an unidentified spokesman Spartanly stated,
ISIS uses many different types of structures to plan its terrorist activities. Many of which are residential homes taken from the people of Iraq and Syria.
While indeed welcome news, for the Rezzos and their loved ones the tepid acknowledgement of wrongdoing dismisses over a year and a half demanding their deceased family members not be posthumously falsely described as fighters, militants, or anything other than the innocent, extremist-condemning people they were.
“For eighteen months, we have been fighting for this admission of a mistake, for our loved ones to be counted as civilians,” Professor Zareena Grewal told Airwars from New York. “It is a small relief to have the US government concede that this airstrike was a mistake, that they mistakenly targeted the residential homes of a family that opposed ISIS. It is also deeply frightening because this case is an indictment of the quality of US intelligence.”
Grewal, an associate professor of American and religious studies at Yale University and the author of Islam is a Foreign Country: American Muslims and the Global Crisis of Authority and Is the Quran a Good Book? excoriated the imprecision with which the coalition murdered members of his family in an editorial for the New York Times on October 4, 2015 — just days after the tragedy.
“The American-led air campaign did not hit a weapons storage facility belonging to the Islamic State, or ISIS, as one local report claimed,” Grewal asserted. “In a secluded part of Mosul that locals call ‘the Woods,’ the empty government warehouse, which the Islamic State briefly occupied until January, remains untouched. Instead, the strike hit two homes nearby, killing my husband’s cousin, Mohannad Rezzo, a university professor; his 17-year-old son, Najeeb; and their beloved German shepherd, Sinbul.
Mohannad’s wife, Sana, survived the explosion, which flung her, burned, from her second-floor bedroom to the driveway below. Mohannad’s older brother, Bassim, also narrowly survived, but his wife, Miyada, and their 21-year-old daughter, Tuka, did not. Bassim’s pelvis and leg were shattered in the attack and require surgery, but it is his emotional pain that consumes him.
Grewal’s candid description of the hopelessly ill-conceived airstrike provide intimate, insider context for civilian casualties resulting from U.S.-supported actions — the physical actuality of which too frequently is dismissed in the sterile headlines and paragraph-long articles by the American corporate press.
Major Genieve David, spokeswoman for the United States Air Force Central Command, confirmed to Grewal at the time that officials were made aware of a “civilian casualty allegation” the day following the ill-fated airstrike. CENTCOM planned to assess whether a “formal investigation” would be warranted — but, apparently, left Grewal and surviving family members in the lurch without acknowledging the avoidable error, much less offering apology, for more than 18 months.
“Today’s official recognition of this airstrike having killed civilians has been a long time coming, and should have been made public previously,” stated Azmat Khan in an email to Airwars. “It is also a searing reminder of the immense difficulty families face in getting the loss of their loved ones recognized, even in cases in which there is ample evidence of civilian loss.”
Khan and fellow investigative journalist, Anand Gopal, worked doggedly for more than a year with various members of the victims’ family to compel the United States to take responsibility and clear the Rezzo family name.
“There is still information that the Coalition has refused to provide us,” Khan continued, “for example, the kind of aircraft and munitions used in this airstrike, as well as the reason why the Rezzo family homes were hit. We are also still awaiting the results of our Freedom of Information Act requests for the government’s own investigations into this incident.”
Wholly uninvolved parties have been slain in shockingly high numbers in airstrikes carried out by the U.S. coalition in Iraq and Syria — two military theaters, among others, which have received the staunch support of the Trump administration in the form of additional troops, supplies, and, frighteningly, greater latitude for aggressive actions.
To wit, the U.S. Military’s Combined Joint Task Force for Operation Inherent Resolve claims a striking 229 people were killed essentially without justification in Iraq and Syria last month, during coalition efforts to extinguish Da’esh (Islamic State) control in the region.
However, being a notorious underreporter of its own wrongdoing, those figures don’t approach the actual travesty committed, in part, thanks to American taxpayer dollars.
Airwars determined that, as of the 30th, coalition airstrikes against supposed terrorists had instead slaughtered no less than 1,472 noncombatant civilians residing in the two long-fraught conflict zones during the month of March, alone — more than seven and a half times the 196 innocents killed throughout the same month last year.
“This is worse than anything we have ever seen from the coalition, and it’s up there with the levels of allegations we saw against Russia a year ago,” observed Airwars’ Chris Woods. “Something is shifting — a lot more civilians are dying, and it’s happening on Donald Trump’s watch.”
Indeed, it seems the new administration only amplified the beating of war drums so favored by the previous — leaving even more families like the Rezzos to grieve when directly affected by a battle royal against the Islamic State many of them have at least loosely supported.
While the U.S. coalition ultimately admitted wrongdoing in the killing of a family, the uptick in bombings and the butchery of civilians continues at an untenably reckless pace — thanks, in part, to lack of public backlash. Beyond the corporate press relegating the murders of civilians in the Middle East to mere footnotes, pro-U.S. Military propaganda claims airstrikes almost always hit intended targets.
Grewal, however, has experienced the reality — and wishes the tragic number of errant bombings and scores of civilian victims would garner appropriate scrutiny and condemnation, as he stressed,
The claim that our military air strike campaigns are precise is a dangerous and bloody myth.
It has now been over 14 years since United States forces invaded Iraq — and the conflict shows no indication a resolution is even in sight.



ARTICLE
Following the reported chemical attack in Syria on Tuesday, Senator John McCain said the Trump administration’s decision to no longer prioritize ending the Syrian civil war is “another disgraceful chapter in American history.”
He called for Trump to send a strong signal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that the (alleged) attack will not be tolerated.
McCain wants Trump to say “we’re going to arm the Free Syrian Army, we’re going to dedicate ourselves to the removal of Bashar al-Assad, we’re going to have the Russians pay a price for their engagement.”
Referring to the 2013 chemical attack in Syria, McCain told CNN: “We’ve seen this movie before. The Ghouta attack prompted then President Obama to ask Congress to authorize military action against Syria.
Does this entire incident seem like a dream come true for McCain?
CNN reports:
McCain — a vocal critic of President Donald Trump’s foreign policy — said the commander in chief needs to speak out against Assad and promise that his allies will pay a price for their actions against the Syrian people.
“I want to hear him say we’re going to arm the free Syrian army,” he said. “We’re going to dedicate ourselves to the removal of Bashar al-Assad. We’re going to have the Russians pay a price for their engagement. All players here are going to have to pay a penalty and the United States of America is going to be on the side of people who fight for freedom.”
But McCain said he sees no clear foreign policy doctrine coming from the current administration.
“I don’t see any doctrine right now. I do have great confidence in the security team around the President,” he said. “I hope they will develop a strategy, stand up and give the President the advice and counsel I believe he needs and could get from that team.”
McCain didn’t limit his criticism to Trump but compared the President’s lack of action to that of the Obama administration, saying neither president took the situation seriously enough.
“We’ve seen this movie before, when Barack Obama said they would have a red line and they crossed it and he did nothing,” McCain added.
McCain wasn’t the only Republican encouraging the US to respond more forcefully. Sen. John Kennedy said the US can’t just sit back and not respond to Assad.
“It is probably the case that Assad is testing President Trump and he’s testing our new Secretary of State Tillerson,” the Louisiana Republican told CNN’s Chris Cuomo. “We’ll have an appropriate response now. Of course, what’s appropriate will be much debated, but we can’t just do nothing.”
“We can’t let them cross this line without having consequences,” he added.



ARTICLE
Lawmakers have approved plans to make California the first statewide sanctuary for illegal immigrants, in defiance of the federal government. 
The Californian state Senate approved bill SB54 on a 27-12 vote, allowing law enforcement to ignore federal immigration officials, in a move that actively defies President Donald Trump’s immigration crackdown.
Yahoo News reports:
The bill, SB54, advanced after Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, a Democrat from Los Angeles, amended it to let state and local law enforcement notify Immigration and Customs Enforcement federal agents before convicted serious or violent felons are released from custody.
De Leon also stripped the bill of a provision that would have required a two-thirds vote. Passing the measure with a simple majority means it wouldn’t take effect until Jan. 1, while the previous version would have taken effect immediately.
“We will cooperate with our friends at the federal level with serious and violent felons. But we won’t cooperate or lift a finger or spend a single cent when we’re talking about separating children from their mothers, mothers from their children,” de Leon said. “That’s not who we are as a great state.”
Trump in January signed an order threatening to withdraw federal grants from jurisdictions that bar officials from communicating with federal authorities about someone’s immigration status.
“By passing this today you’ll be kicking the president right in the groin, and I can imagine he’s going to strike back,” said Republican Sen. Jeff Stone of Temecula.
The American Civil Liberties Union, the National Day Laborer Organizing Network and other supporters said the bill would give California some of the nation’s strongest anti-deportation protections.
Lawmakers in the nation’s most populous state also advanced two other bills that attempt to impede the president’s immigration policies. They sent the Assembly a bill, SB6, that would provide $12 million to pay lawyers for immigrants facing deportation, and another measure, SB31, that would bar state officials from sharing data if the federal government creates a Muslim registry.
California is home to an estimated 2.3 million immigrants who do not have legal authorization. San Francisco, which is among cities with its own sanctuary law, is suing over Trump’s executive order.
The statewide sanctuary bill, SB54, would bar police and sheriffs from arresting or detaining people just for immigration violations unless a judge issues a warrant. De Leon’s recent amendments also make it easier for local law enforcement to hand over criminals to federal immigration officials if they were previously deported for a violent felony.
State and local law enforcement agencies would not be able to help investigate immigration violations or inquire about someone’s immigration status.
The measure also seeks to limit immigration enforcement activities in schools, courthouses and other public facilities.
“If we don’t control our borders, we cease to be a nation,” objected Sen. Ted Gaines, a Republican from El Dorado Hills. “We cannot become a beacon of lawlessness.”
Earlier amendments make it clear that local law enforcement can still participate in task forces with federal immigration agents, so long as the task force’s primary purpose is not immigration enforcement.
Even some Democrats said they are concerned the bill still bars state and local officials from turning over criminals convicted of certain sexual or violent crimes. But they supported the measure as it moved forward.
“Overwhelmingly this bill is about people who are just trying to live their lives. People who are living in fear right now,” said Sen. Scott Wiener, a Democrat from San Francisco.
Supporters of the bill want to prohibit state or local police from being deputized to help find those in the country illegally. They say police cooperation with immigration authorities can increase crime and harm victims by making victims or witnesses fearful of reporting crimes for fear they will be deported.
“This is an acknowledgement of the cultural and economic contributions made to our great state by immigrants from all over the world,” de Leon said outside the Senate chamber after the vote. “And it is a rejection of President Trump’s false and cynical portrayal of undocumented immigrants as a lawless community.”
There was no immediate response from the White House.



ARTICLE
Black Lives Matter have officially banned all white people from attending an upcoming event in Philadelphia. 
An April 15 meeting that plans to discuss BLM initiatives for 2017 has made it clear that white people are explicitly banned, claiming that is it a “black only space.”
According to Daily Caller:
The April 15 meeting plans to discuss projects and initiatives for the upcoming year and act as a place for people to “meet, strategize and organize.” 
While children are invited to attend, white people are explicitly banned from the meeting, according to the Facebook event page.
According to organizers, only if you identify as a person of African Diaspora, can you attend the meeting. Diaspora means taken out of Africa for the slave trade.
“If you identify as a person of the African Diaspora You can attend our meetings and become a member. If not you can support us in other ways,” Philly BLM said in a tweet. 
“African Disapora” usually refers to people who were taken out of Africa during the Transatlantic Slave Trades.
BLM organizers refer to Malcolm X as justification for the ban, saying that he banned whites too.
The group also referred to Malcolm X, saying he too had banned whites from his meetings on race.



ARTICLE
A Republican lawmaker claims that Barack Obama’s national security adviser, Susan Rice, could be arrested following revelations she illegally unmasked members of the incoming Trump administration.
According to Rep. Ron DeSantis, FBI officials could be called to investigate whether Susan Rice broke any criminal laws by requesting the identities of incoming Trump officials who were caught up in foreign surveillance.
“Congress needs to get to the bottom of this and the FBI should be investigating whether any laws were broken,” DeSantis said on Monday.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
Former national security advisor Susan Rice, according to reports, “unmasked” the identities of President Trump’s associates who appeared in raw intelligence reports. Rice is already a villain in Republican circles for blaming the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack on an anti-Islam YouTube video, so the revelation plays into GOP claims that President Trump and his team are suffering from politically-motivated leaks originating with Obama-era government officials.
“That Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice is alleged to have been responsible for this unmasking is troubling given her history of deceit and her close relationship with then-President Obama,” DeSantis said.
“We need to know whether the material gleaned from the Rice unmasking is the material fed to the media in an attempt to do political damage to the Trump administration and, if so, who was responsible for leaking it.”
Trump famously tweeted that Obama’s team wiretapped Trump Tower, a claim apparently rooted in reports that a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had authorized a warrant to probe of the Trump team’s ties to Russian officials.
The claim was made against the backdrop of former White House national security adviser Mike Flynn’s firing after leaks of his phone calls with the Russian ambassador revealed that he had lied to Vice President Mike Pence and the public when discussing the details of the call.
After FBI Director James Comey confirmed that an investigation was underway, but also contradicted Trump’s claim that he was wiretapped, House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes announced that Trump’s team had been caught up in “incidental collection.” 
That’s not necessarily a scandal, but he added that the names of those officials had been inappropriately “unmasked” and circulated within the intelligence community. “I felt I had a duty and obligation to tell him because as you know he’s been taking a lot of heat in the news media,” Nunes told Fox News’ Sean Hannity.
Nunes took bipartisan criticism for intervening to burnish Trump’s image while investigating Russian interference into the election, but the Rice report could help Trump’s allies reset the political fight. 
“The purported ‘unmasking’ of the identities of members of the Trump transition team for political purposes is a serious charge that needs a thorough examination,” DeSantis said.



ARTICLE
Child Protective Services have taken a son from a couple in Ohio after they sought a second opinion over their son’s ADHD diagnosis. 
Christian and Katie Maple lost custody of their son after they refused harsh medical treatment to deal with their son’s alleged mental health problems.
Thelastamericanvagabond.com reports:
According to a report from Medical Kidnap and Health Impact News, the incident originated in February when the Maples were alerted by their son Camden’s school, Bowman Primary School, that a “disruption” had been caused in class by Camden. Camden had allegedly remarked in class that he was feeling bad about himself and wished that he could be “erased” from the earth.
The Maples say that the school’s counselor chose to follow up on this remark by asking Camden how he would go about erasing himself, and Camden responded that he would “stab himself in the eye with a knife.” Christian then went to the school to retrieve Camden for a discussion at home about the incident.
The Maples claim that they had a lengthy discussion following the incident. Camden said that he was feeling upset that day, but didn’t wish actual harm upon himself and made the remarks to see what the counselor’s reaction would be. Katie further explained that “The school thought we should have taken him to the hospital emergency room for a mental health evaluation, but upon assessing the situation and speaking to him at home, it was clear to us that he posed no threat to himself and just said it to get a rise out of the counselor. He has never said anything about harming himself prior to this incident or after. This was one time, one day…most likely repeating something he heard somewhere.”
While the school had reportedly urged the Maples to seek an emergency mental health evaluation of Camden, the parents felt that they had properly handled the situation and chose not to send Camden to the emergency room for an evaluation. The school reportedly pressed the matter further, asking the Maples if they had taken Camden to the hospital and inquiring about what they had discussed with Camden.
The Maples said that the school contacted CPS after their conversation, and that this was not the first time the school had done so. Katie Maple provided the following context regarding how she and the school have clashed in the past over how to raise Camden:
My stepson Camden is a very energetic and intelligent 7 year old. He tested a full grade level above where he should be! Camden gets very good grades, but he gets bored easily in class and acts out on occasion, like children sometimes do. The school thinks he is ADHD, we as parents disagree. We believe that it stems mostly from boredom and not being challenged in the classroom. The school has tried on several occasions to get us to have him diagnosed, so that he can be medicated. We as parents do not have the problems the school claims to have with him, at home. We know how to deal with a rambunctious 7 year old, but the school is content with making him believe that he is a bad child, we disagree.
The school did not like us going against their recommendations and proceeded to call children services 4 times over the course of the past year for false allegations ranging from physical abuse, neglect and no food in the house. We have no idea where these allegations came from, as we do not abuse our children and we have plenty of food. They were obviously completely made up. CPS never contacted us about these phone calls because they themselves admit that the calls were unsubstantiated.
Christian Maple said that he received a call from CPS after the incident at Camden’s school regarding a report of neglect; he said that CPS requested a home visit to “investigate.” Christian declined to grant permission to have CPS come into their home and said he reminded the agency of his 4th Amendment rights. Christian said he then received another call from CPS, about 2 weeks after the original incident, alerting him that he had a court hearing to attend that afternoon about the incident. “Upon appearing in court we find out that the allegations have now changed from neglect to a “dependent child” case,” Katie said. “We find out that this is an ‘Emergency shelter care’ hearing later, we had no idea what we were walking into.”
The Maples said that at this hearing, CPS sought to remove Camden from his home by claiming that the child has a mental disorder that requires him to be placed in custody of CPS. During this hearing, the court granted CPS permission to take him out of his family’s care and into custody of CPS. Katie said that this was done with “zero proof of any such condition and zero proof of any parental wrongdoing.”
A common argument heard within the public school system is that students who are victims of neglect need administrators and counselors to step in and assist in behavior-related incidents. This case appears to be a worrisome overstepping of parental authority; there is no evidence of depression or other behavioral issues in Camden provided thus far, and the Maple family appears steadfast in their dedication to handle any issue their son may face. Removal of a child from his home, which was once only conducted in extreme cases with hard evidence of mistreatment, is an action that holds drastic consequences for the entire family.
A hearing in the Maple family case was scheduled on March 23rd, and an adjudication hearing is set for April 20th.
“My husband and I have talked with lawyers, counselors, friends and family and everyone agrees that this does not add up and what CPS and the court has done is wrong and not typical protocol. They have no case for abuse or neglect and are now fishing for a reason to justify their actions. They have ordered my husband and I to undergo a drug and alcohol screening, random drug tests and a mental health evaluation,” said Katie. “We have completed the evaluations. Our evaluator was thoroughly confused as to why we were even in her office and could not believe the situation that had brought us there. We have zero substance abuse issues. We do not do drugs and have never been accused of such. We have zero mental health issues. Why would they order us to do this? Again, another fishing attempt to try to find a reason for justifying their actions.”



ARTICLE
Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice has been identified as the official who helped President Obama illegally unmask members of the incoming Trump administration.
Fox News Correspondent, Adam Housley, revealed on Friday that Intel Chair Devin Nunes knew who was responsible for unmasking the identities of the Trump team.
On Sunday, activist Mike Cernovich finally revealed that the identity of the unmasker was none other than Susan Rice.
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/848672601576677378
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/848662120912658434
After carefully examining document log requests, the White House Counsel’s office idenfitied Rice as the person responsible for the leaks. The reports Rice asked to see are kept under extremely controlled conditions. After learning about Rice’s illegal actions, H.R. McMaster dispatched his aide Derek Harvey to brief Charman Nunes. 
Medium.com reports:
“Unmasking” is the process of identifying individuals whose communications were caught in the dragnet of intelligence gathering. While conducting investigations into terrorism and other related crimes, intelligence analysts incidentally capture conversations about parties not subject to the search warrant. The identities of individuals who are not under investigation are kept confidential, for legal and moral reasons.
Under President Obama, the unmasking rules were changed. Circa originally reported:
As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama’s top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency’s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of rules their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, Circa has learned.
Three people close to President Obama, including his “fall guy” for Benghazi (Susan Rice), had authorization to unmask.
Among those cleared to request and consume unmasked NSA-based intelligence reports about U.S. citizens were Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice, his CIA Director John Brennan and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
Not even mainstream outlets denied that some Trump officials had been spied on, with the NY Times reporting:
WASHINGTON — A pair of White House officials helped provide Representative Devin Nunes of California, a Republican and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, with the intelligence reports that showed that President Trump and his associates were incidentally swept up in foreign surveillance by American spy agencies.
According to WaPo, there were three sources for the reports, with Michael Ellis ultimately being blamed by WaPo and AP.
What’s striking about the Times story is the spin it took. Trump had previously claimed he had been “wire tapped” (quotation marks in his original Tweet), leading to media screams that he prove it. The Times’ own reporting proves that President Trump and his associates were spied on.
The Times, rather than admit Trump had been vindicated, instead focused its attention on the question of who leaked the reports to Nunes:
Since disclosing the existence of the intelligence reports, Mr. Nunes has refused to identify his sources, saying he needed to protect them so others would feel safe going to the committee with sensitive information. In his public comments, he has described his sources as whistle-blowers trying to expose wrongdoing at great risk to themselves.
Since when did journalists attempt to unmask sources? The Times, WaPo, and other outlets rely on anonymous sources in nearly every article about national security. It’s clear they have an agenda — that agenda is not telling the truth.
This reporter has been informed that Maggie Haberman has had this story about Susan Rice for at least 48 hours, and has chosen to sit on it in an effort to protect the reputation of former President Barack Obama.



ARTICLE
Another top Democrat has joined a long list of Obama insiders who have outed their former boss for illegally spying on Donald Trump.
Mary Anna Marsh, principal of the Dewey Square Group, a Democrat PR firm, revealed to Fox News that the Obama administration had been snooping on Trump as early as the spring of 2015.
This was the same time that Trump announced his candidacy for president:
Mary Ann Marsh: Fact, the investigation of Trump, his associates and their relationship with Russia started in the spring of 2015. That is a fact. That is widely known.

She joins the likes Evelyn Farkas, another Obama admin insider, who admitted to MSNBC that she helped Barack Obama spy on Trump before he left office.
Alt-rewrite.com reports:
America was shocked to hear that the FBI was investigating the Trump campaign since July of 2016. Particularly because Obama and his administration didn’t speak about the issue until very late in the election.
Now the democrats are offering new information that Trump has been under investigation for suspect Russian ties since SPRING of 2015! That’s amazingly odd considering that Trump announced his candidacy in June of 2015.
The democrats are throwing everything against the wall and hoping that it sticks. This Russian collusion conspiracy gets more confusing and convoluted everyday. There is NO evidence.
Of Marsh’s statements are true then it actually calls into question the testimony of James Comey to the House Intel Committee. Was he lying? Did he have no knowledge of a prior investigation? Why?



ARTICLE
Sources in the intelligence community have confirmed that spying conducted by the Obama administration on Donald Trump is “much worse” than the public are being led to believe. 
According to insiders, Obama illegally revealed names of people in the Trump camp who were under surveillance in order to score political points for the Democrats and to help the Clinton campaign win.
These bombshell claims come from top officials of the intelligence community who say they want to fight back against the propaganda and lies being spewed by the press and by their bosses.
According to reporter Adam Housley, sources from within the FBI are “frustrated with the politics that is taking place in these (intelligence) agencies.”
Wnd.com reports:
And what they have revealed is amazing. Here is what they told Fox:
1) Surveillance targeting the Trump team during the Obama administration began months ago, even before the president had become the GOP nominee in July.
2) The spying on the Trump team had nothing to do with the collection of foreign intelligence or an investigation into Russia election interference.
3) The spying was done purely “for political purposes” that “have nothing to do with national security and everything to do with hurting and embarrassing Trump and his team.”
4) The person who did the unmasking was someone “very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world, and is not in the FBI.”
5) Congressional investigators know the name of at least one person who was unmasking names.
6) The initial surveillance on the Trump team led to “a number of names” being unmasked.
7) House Intelligence Committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., has known about the unmasking since January.
8) Two sources in the intelligence community told Nunes who did the unmasking and told him at least one of the names of someone in the Trump team who was unmasked. The sources also gave Nunes the serial numbers of the classified reports that documented the unmasking.
9) It took Nunes a number of weeks to figure out how to see those intelligence reports because the intelligence agencies were stonewalling him, and not allowing the chairman or other people to see them.
10) There were only two places Nunes could have seen the information: where the sources work, which would have blown their cover; and the Eisenhower Executive Office building on the White House grounds, which houses the National Security Council and has computers linked to the secure system containing the reports he sought.
11) Nunes got access to that system on March 21 with the help of two Trump administration officials.
The Wall Street Journal’s Kimberly Strassel reported that the documents Nunes saw confirming the Obama administration spied on the Trump team for months “aren’t easily obtainable, since they aren’t the ‘finished’ intelligence products that Congress gets to see.”
She said there were “dozens of documents with information about Trump officials.”
Strassel also reported there was a stonewall against the Intelligence committee chairman because, “for weeks Mr. Nunes has been demanding intelligence agencies turn over said documents—with no luck, so far.”
She also learned that, along with former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, one other Trump official was unmasked.
(Flynn resigned after his unmasking was leaked to the press as part of reports that he spoke on the phone with the Russian ambassador before the new administration took office. President Trump said the two discussed nothing inappropriate and Flynn was just doing his job, but the president asked for the aide’s resignation because he was not completely honest in his initial account of the conversation.)
But even the reports that did not unmask identities “were written in ways that made clear which Trump officials were being discussed.”
And, importantly, the documents were “circulated at the highest levels of government.”
Strassel concluded, “To sum up, Team Obama was spying broadly on the incoming administration.”



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton supporting liberals now trust the Deep State, claiming that agencies such as the FBI and CIA are the “good guys.”
According to scores of liberals, the FBI and CIA are saviours of democracy and the US constitution, all because both agencies now appear to oppose President Donald Trump – a man they vehemently dislike.
Aljazeera.com reports:
This pathology manifests itself in several astounding ways and involves several powerful institutions and characters.
In Comey’s case, his rather abrupt and miraculous transformation from devil to saint came after his March 20 testimony before a House Intelligence Committee where he finally, belatedly, confirmed that the FBI was indeed investigating the disturbing, cob-web-like connections between the Trump campaign team and Russia before, during and after the presidential election.
Ah, now that the G-men are on the case, the indictments would surely follow, the familiar progressive chorus wrote. Trump’s days are numbered. Resignation and impeachment are in the offing. The cavalry is riding to America’s rescue.
Comey’s role in torpedoing Clinton’s chances at becoming America’s first female president has fast receded into the rear-view mirror. The political executioner has become a prince of probity and the rule of law.
Defying history and credulity, joining Comey and the FBI in the progressives’ new-found white knight brigade are, incredibly, the CIA and the National Security Agency (NSA).
Like the FBI, the spooks are also being widely celebrated as guardian angels in the existential battle to dethrone the treasonous King.
“Anyone, including experienced journalists, who raises questions or recommends caution is immediately dismissed as a Putin stooge or a Trump apologist by an army of progressives convinced, with obdurate certainty, of who is guilty and what is true.”
The thinking – such as it is – goes something like this: the CIA and NSA must have the surreptitious “goods” on Trump and his gang of Russian mob and FSB consorting thugs that they will, in time, share with Americans and the world.
The “goods” perhaps involves oodles of various types of intercepted and incriminating communications and possibly even a notorious Moscow hotel videotape, starring the deviant king himself. And the hope is that, taken together, it will all eventually expose and doom him.
The deep state
Apparently, these days, the “deep state” is no longer working for the bad guys, but the good guys. It has, in effect, changed sides.
Sure, the deep state may have denied Clinton her rightful and long overdue crown and has, for years, systematically spied on, collected and stored intimate details about the lives of countless people with little or no oversight, let alone a warrant.
But progressives are too busy letting bygones be bygones to remember. The good guys have fixed their crosshairs on Trump and treacherous company and that’s all that matters.
In this convenient, self-serving arrangement, former CIA officer turned independent presidential candidate, Evan McMullin, is cast by progressives suffering from a stubborn case of amnesia as a prominent and popular leader of the nascent Trump “resistance” movement.
It’s an odd position for an ex-spy to occupy. There, alas, it is. Still, two hard-right US senators, John McCain and Lindsey Graham, now accompany McMullin as La Resistance poster boys.
McCain and Graham are routinely lauded by progressives for their occasional bouts of dissent vis-a-vis Trump’s habitual lunacy. Despite the fact that, until just before the election, McCain supported the reckless braggart for president and almost, without fail, both senators have sided with his nihilistic regime’s destructive legislative agenda in Congress.
Not surprisingly, these easily impressed progressives have, as well, welcomed the who’s who of neo-con scribes and think-tank foreign policy wonks aboard the Trump resistance train.
Forgotten, of course, is their long, ghastly record of acting as giddy cheerleaders for the “liberation” of Iraq engineered by the man they universally touted as a geopolitical genius, George W Bush.
The revisionism is as instructive as it is appalling.
Even Bush Jr’s tattered reputation and disastrous tenure as president are being rehabilitated by agreeable “liberal” talk show hosts who treat him like he’s a cuddly, if somewhat misunderstood, elder statesman principally because president 43 doesn’t remotely resemble that nasty narcissist, president 45.
Changing alliances
The necessary corollary to this re-writing of history is to paint former philosophical allies like WikiLeaks and Julian Assange as not only nefarious tools of Trump, but indeed, Russian collaborators.
Gone permanently, it seems, are the halcyon days when progressives rushed to Assange’s defence as a free speech martyr who was being persecuted and trapped in Ecuador’s London embassy for sharing uncomfortable state secrets with you and me.
Instead, progressives wish that Assange gets what’s coming to him quickly and bluntly – whether it’s in Sweden, Britain or the United States.
They’re also thirsting for a definitive showdown – diplomatic or otherwise – with Russia, quietly applauding, no doubt, Dick Cheney’s combustible hyperbole that Vladimir Putinis guilty of “an act war” for unleashing his internet-savvy security services to skew the last US election in Trump’s favour.
Anyone, including experienced journalists, who raises questions or recommends caution is immediately dismissed as a Putin stooge or a Trump apologist by an army of progressives convinced, with obdurate certainty, of who is guilty and what is true.
We are living in strange and dangerous times.



ARTICLE
Animal rights group PETA claims that milk is a racist symbol of white privilege, arguing that it should be banned because of its “Nazi ties” in a bizarre new video. 
The liberal propaganda machine is working overtime at the moment, as more and more bizarre videos come to light in which extremists spout views that most social justice warriors cannot defend.  The latest being a man who claims that having a genital preference when it comes to sexuality equates to being ‘transphobic’.
PETA’s efforts to “save the animals” goes to equally low depths, with the animal rights group releasing a video linking drinking milk with Nazism.
Heatst.com reports:
Following the rise in Trump Derangement Syndrome and the progressive left’s hysteria over white supremacism, PETA states:
“Did you know that milk has long been a symbol used by white supremacists?”
It’s an alternative fact accompanied by an equally ludicrous video, which they published on social media.
They call milk the neo-Nazi drink of choice, stating that it has “long been” a symbol used by white supremacist groups as a “thinly veiled allegory for racial purity.”
To back up the statement, they even say it played a “prominent role” in the Jordan Peele race comedy, Get Out, with quotes from the director.
It’s followed by some secretly-captured (and horrifying) footage of cows being manhandled and abused by factory farm workers, so viewer discretion is advised. Watch it at your own risk.
So how did the association of white supremacism to milk even come about?
Perhaps the answer lies in Inglourious Basterds’ Hans Landa’s love of delicious milk.



ARTICLE
Democrats have blocked a bill that proposed to ban Sharia Law from being implemented in the United States, complaining that the bill is “discriminatory.”
Democrats in Montana opposed Senate Bill 97, on the grounds that such legislation would unfairly target Muslims. The bill was introduced by Keith Regier (R-Kalispell) who says it was aimed at banning foreign law courts from operating in the state of Montana.
Breitbart.com reports:
Although the bill passed on party lines by 56-44, Democrats claimed it was designed to target Muslim communities.
“I think it sends a dangerous message to minority groups both here living in our state and wanting to come visit our state, just merely on the fact that you may be different,” said Rep. Shane Morigeau, D-Missoula, while debating the bill. “I truly believe this law is repugnant. I believe this is not who we are as Montanans.”
Meanwhile, Rep. Ellie Hill Smith (D-Missoula) proposed a failed amendment to the bill to include a ban on both Sharia Law and the Law of Moses, in order to “show the state of Montana that it is not just about Islamic Law.”
“The courts have said that laws that single out certain religions violate the First Amendment,” Smith said, claiming that it was “peppered with anti-Muslim bigotry.”
Another Democrat, Rep. Laurie Bishop (D-Livingston) urged legislators “not to forget the roots of this bill,” adding that “our children are watching.”
Meanwhile, Rep. Brad Tschida (R-Missoula) said the bill was an attempt to push back against a “constitution [that] is constantly under assault.”
Bills specifically targeting Sharia Law have passed in states such as North Carolina, Alabama, Arizona, Kansas, Louisiana, South Dakota, and Tennessee. The bill will now be passed on to Gov. Steve Bullock (D) for signature or veto.



ARTICLE
WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, could be extradited to the United States this week, depending on the outcome of the presidential elections in Ecuador on Sunday. 
Conservative and ex-banking candidate Guillermo Lasso is going to head-to-head with the leftist leader’s former vice president, Lenin Moreno.
Lasso has made it clear that if he wins the presidency, he will end Assange’s extended stay at the Ecuadorian embassy in London.
Express.co.uk reports:
He said: “The Ecuadorian people are paying costs that it should not have to.”
Computer genius Mr Assange would most likely be arrested and deported to Sweden as soon as he steps outside the embassy in Knightsbridge as he is wanted for questioning over the allegation of “lesser degree rape” in Sweden.
Bruce Bagley, professor of international relations at the University of Miami, said: “If Lasso wins, Assange would be wandering the streets of London and be extremely vulnerable.”
Mr Lasso’s running opponent, leftist Mr Moreno, has always shown strong support for the WikiLeaks boss’ asylum – something Mr Lasso believes will help score him votes as the country suffers through its second year of negative or flat economic growth.
Mr Moreno won the first round vote in February, but did not gain the 50 per cent needed for an overall win.
His opponent lost by more than 10 points, but more than 60 per cent of voters opted for other candidates opposing Mr Moreno, meaning a win for conservative Mr Lasso is looking likely this Sunday.
Mr Assange, 45, entered the London embassy, thanks to outgoing President Rafael Correa, in August 2012 after being accused of sexually assaulting two women in Sweden in 2010.
In August 2015 three of the less serious allegations had to be dropped because the Swedish prosecutor had still not interviewed Mr Assange, but prosecutors have until 2020 to interview him over the allegation of “lesser degree rape”.
He has only appeared in daylight a few times over the past few years on the balcony at the embassy to give speeches.
His biggest fear about leaving his safe haven is being deported to Sweden could lead to a politically motivated deportation to the United States, where he could face the death penalty for his WikiLeaks activities which include a series of leaks about the Afghanistan and Iraq wars provided by former US soldier Chelsea Manning – who was jailed for 35 years on espionage crimes.
President Correa has always supported Mr Assange, believing the Swedish warrant for his arrest is politically motivated.



ARTICLE
Investigative reporter Peter Shcweizer has obtained proof that Clinton campaign chair John Podesta illegally received over one billion rubles ($45 million dollars) from Russia. 
Schweizer claims Podesta has “a very interesting relationship with Russia, going back to when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”
“In 2011, he joins the executive board of this small energy company in Massachusetts called Joule Energy,” Schweizer told SiriusXM.
“And Joule Energy, about two months after he joins the executive board, gets a large infusion of cash. They get one billion rubles, which is about $35 to $45 million, invested from Russia. It comes from a very unusual entity, this entity called RUSNANO.”
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
Investigative reporter and author Peter Schweizer went on FOX and Friends to discuss Kremlin influence on US politics — and how the Clinton camp was in bed with the Putin regime.
Peter Schweizer: In 2011 John Podesta joined the board of this very small energy company called Joule Energy based out of Massachusetts. 
About two months after he joins the board a Russian entity called RUSNANO puts a billion rubles, which is about $35 million, into John Podesta’s company. 
Now, what is RUSNANO? RUSNANO is not a private company, Steve. It is a fund directly funded by the Kremlin. 
In fact the Russian finance minister called RUSNANO “Putin’s Child.” So you have the Russian government investing in one of John Podesta’s business in 2011 while he is an adviser to Hillary Clinton at the State Department.
Steve Doocy: OK. Does anybody in the Trump circle rise to the level that there is this kind of money involved?
Peter Schweizer: No.
And, once again, the frenzy on the left is all a disguise to hide their own rampant corruption.
https://twitter.com/BasedVet/status/846864947757887488



ARTICLE
A Roman Catholic diocese in Montana has filed for bankruptcy following a ruling that found that church was responsible for over 400 incidents of child abuse.
According to church officials, the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings is filing for bankruptcy in order to deal with the large settlements owed to at least 73 child sex abuse victims.
Flatheadbeacon.com reports:
“On behalf of the entire Diocese of Great Falls-Billings, I express my profound sorrow and sincere apologies to anyone who was abused by a priest, a sister or a lay church worker,” Bishop Michael Warfel said in a statement. “No child should experience harm from anyone who serves the church.”
None of those who have been credibly accused are active in parish ministry and nearly all are deceased, Warfel said.
Attorney Timothy Kosnoff, who represents some of the plaintiffs, said it marked the 15th diocesan bankruptcy in the U.S. involving sex abuse claims.
“Bankruptcy represents the only realistic mechanism for working through the myriad of issues involved in case of this nature,” he said. “Despite this sensible step forward, speedy resolution is unlikely and the future of the diocese remains clouded.”
The Diocese of Helena filed for bankruptcy in early 2014 to settle about 360 claims of abuse and sexual abuse by priests, nuns and lay workers who served in the diocese.
That settlement, also negotiated before the bankruptcy filing, created a $21 million fund for victims named in the lawsuit and any others that might come forward
Two sexual abuse lawsuits were filed against the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings — one in February 2012 and another the following June.
One lawsuit was initiated by a woman in her 60s who said she was molested and raped by the Rev. Emmett Hoffman while she was a student at the St. Labre Parish and School between 1955 and 1962.
Hoffman died in 2013.
The diocese has had abuse prevention programs in place for more than two decades, church officials said. The programs include screening and training for employees, volunteers, priests and seminarians and an independent board to review claims.



ARTICLE
Newly leaked CDC emails reveal that the Obama administration in collusion with Hillary Clinton’s State Department covered up a massive cholera outbreak in Haiti that killed over 10,000 people. 
In October 2010, UN peacekeepers from Nepal infected Haiti’s Artibonite River with cholera, causing a national crisis in the country, as over 800,000 became infected and a further 10,000 people died as a result.
Observer.com reports:
Slate’s Jonathan Katz reports, “Nepal hadn’t invaded Haiti on its own: Its troops were part of a multinational force created by the Security Council, specifically at the behest of the George W. Bush administration in 2004. For the 13 years since, it has remained in Haiti largely to carry out U.S. policy—at a discount.”
President Donald Trump’s ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, ducked questions about the outbreak in her confirmation hearing, as did Obama’s UN ambassadors during his presidency. The United Nations formally apologized and proposed a plan to curb the outbreak. However, its members—including the United States—refuse to provide the necessary funding for the plan.
New emails obtained from the Center for Disease Control reveal that they suspected the origin of the outbreak was UN Peacekeepers before news of the outbreak was even reported in the press. In the emails, officials exercise damage control to prevent backlash in Haiti toward the UN presence, citing concerns from the National Security Council, which was chaired by Obama at the time. The National Security Council spokesperson refused to respond to Katz’s request for comment and the State Department refused to disclose when or how they became aware of the outbreak’s origin. It would take six years for the United Nations to finally admit they were responsible.
The cholera outbreak occurred less than a year after Haiti was devastated by a massive earthquake that killed over 100,000 people. The United States was already deeply involved in Haiti and funding an important election in the country, which the United States has been criticized for repeatedly. In 2011, Hillary Clinton flew to Haiti as secretary of state and insisted that the current president of Haiti step down in favor of the U.S. backed candidate, Michel Martelly. Bill Clinton was selected to serve as Haiti’s special envoy for the United Nations, and his chief of staff was initially selected to serve as Martelly’s prime minister.
Katz cited that officials at the Center for Disease Control intentionally cast doubt as to the origin of the outbreak and refused to conduct any investigation to confirm its source. Meanwhile, UN soldiers destroyed evidence before other scientists could investigate it. The State Department, under the control of Hillary Clinton, told Katz, “U.S. government has not taken a position on the validity of the underlying claims in this particular case.”
In 2011, victims and families petitioning the United Nations to fight the epidemic were ignored. Federal judges in the United States threw out a lawsuit against the United Nations over the organization’s absolute immunity from legal process, as stipulated by a 1947 treaty. The United Nation’s inaction was cited by a New York University professor who Katz interviewed as legal advice coming from the State Department.
The United States’ poor response to this epidemic—not to mention the controversies surrounding the Clinton Foundation—have earned the Clintons a poor reputation among Haitians, including the population of roughly 200,000 Haitian born immigrants in the South Florida area who predominantly support Democrats. Though many misleading claims have circulated about the Clintons‘ involvement in Haiti, the foreign policy that Hillary Clinton championed during her tenure as secretary of state, in which she viewed reconstruction as a business opportunity, contributed to Haiti’s problems. Millions of dollars in relief funds went to international non-government organizations and international contractors instead of Haitian citizens, Haitian contractors and Haitian government. The relief effort exploited the disaster by divvying up funds among corporations. In October 2016, ABC News reported that an Old Navy factory that the Clintons brought to Haiti fell short of its promise of jobs, became riddled with labor abuse, and the firm that helped fund the project “became a Clinton Foundation donor and its owner invested in a startup company owned by Hillary Clinton’s former chief of staff.” A separate investigation by ABC News found that top Clinton Foundation officials prioritized offers of relief assistance based on who was friends of Bill Clinton’s.
“Hillary Clinton once hoped that Haiti would be the shining jewel of her foreign policy,” wrote Jonathan Katz for Politico in 2015. “But far from transforming this poorest of countries, many of the Clintons’ grandest plans and promises remain little more than small pilot projects—a new set of basketball hoops and a model elementary school here, a functioning factory there—that have done little to alter radically the trajectory of the country. Visiting some of their projects over the course of an April research trip affirmed as much about their tenuousness as about the limited benefits they’ve provided. Many of the most notable investments the Clintons helped launch, such as the new Marriott in the capital, have primarily benefited wealthy foreigners and island’s ruling elite, who needed little help to begin with.”



ARTICLE
Adorable grandpa, Bernie Sanders, defends voters who supported Donald Trump for President, telling a rally in Boston: “Some people think the people who voted for Trump are racists and sexists and homophobes and deplorable folks. I don’t agree, because I’ve been there.”
The U.S. Senator from Vermont spoke at an event on Friday evening staged by Our Revolution, a group set up after his insurgent, strongly impactful challenge to the establishment’s pick, Hillary Clinton, in the Democratic primary. Our Revolution aims, in Bernie’s words in Boston, to create “a Democratic Party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country”.
Bernie Sanders’ remarks about Trump voters contained a direct shot at Clinton, who shared her true feelings about America’s white working class at a New York City fundraiser last September by stating “to be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters in a basket of deplorables.
“The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it. And unfortunately, there are people like that.”
Clinton’s words became a central feature of the election, the “deplorables” label seized on by the Trump campaign and adopted as a badge of pride among the businessman’s supporters.
In 2020, Democrats will attempt to win working-class voters in states such as Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump wins helped secure the presidency in the electoral college despite Clinton winning nearly 3m more ballots nationwide.
Bernie Sanders, 75, appeared in Boston with Senator Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts. Warren is seen by progressives as a possible Democratic Presidential candidate.
“Let me tell you something else some of you might not agree with,” Bernie said. “It wasn’t that Donald Trump won the election, it was that the Democratic party lost the election.”
With another jab at Clinton, he added: “We need a Democratic party that is not a party of the liberal elite but of the working class of this country, we need a party that is a grassroots party, where candidates are talking to working people not spending their time raising money for the wealthy and the powerful.
“And when we do that, when we transform the Democratic party, we transform America.”
The Guardian reports:
Tensions between establishment and grassroots elements in the Democratic party – fueled by a primary fight that turned increasingly bitter – have persisted since the election.
On Friday, Warren told the Our Revoultion event about her first meeting with Sanders.
“So some of you know, I was a teacher, researcher, and was doing work about what was happening to America’s middle class,” she said. “This was several years back.
“I got an invitation to come to dinner in Washington DC and I was told it would be with a lot of policy people so I did exactly what you expected me to do – I showed up with a bunch of charts and started talking about what was happening to hard-working families all across this country.”
“One guy with bright white hair … got into it,” she said. “It was like nobody else was in the room. And that was sort of the start of it with Bernie Sanders.”
In his speech, Sanders said: “You can tell the quality of a person by the enemies she makes, and to her credit Elizabeth Warren has made some wonderful enemies.”
Sanders said such enemies included Wall Street and the pharmaceutical and fossil fuel industries. Trump is also no fan of Warren, whom he has repeatedly attacked on Twitter.



ARTICLE
Republican senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham are upset that Washington is no longer pursuing regime change in Syria, saying that the shift in policy will empower ISIS and Al-Qaeda.
McCain said:  “I hope President Trump will make clear that America will not follow this self-destructive and self-defeating path.”
The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that the future of Syrian President Assad “will be decided by the Syrian people.”
His sentiment was echoed by US ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley who also said that Washington’s “priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out.”
RT reports:
“There is a political reality that we have to accept in terms of where we are right now,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Friday, explaining that the current administration “lost a lot of opportunity the last administration had with respect to Assad.”
“We believe that there’s a need to de-escalate violence and to have a political process through which Syrians will decide their own political future, consistent with the principles that have been enshrined in the UN Security Council Resolution 2254,” Spicer added.
Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee,  Senator John McCain (R-Arizona), said he was “deeply disturbed” by Haley and Tillerson’s pronouncements, adding that their “suggestion that Assad can stay in power appears to be just as devoid of strategy as President Obama’s pronouncements that ‘Assad must go’.”
Syrian people can’t decide the future of their country “when they are being slaughtered by Assad’s barrel bombs, Putin’s aircraft, and Iran’s terrorist proxies,”McCain said in a statement.
He also said a “Faustian bargain with Assad and Putin” would betray US allies and partners and “empower ISIS, al-Qaeda, and other radical Islamist terrorists as the only alternative to the dictator that the Syrian people have fought for six years to remove.”
Fellow committee member Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina) joined McCain in denouncing the policy shift, calling it “crushing news to the Syrian opposition and to our allies throughout the Middle East.”
“I fear it is a grave mistake,” Graham said, adding that the Syrian people want Assad gone and that leaving him in power would be “a great reward for Russia and Iran.”
McCain and Graham have been vocal critics of President Donald Trump throughout the 2016 campaign, and have since become two of the most prominently featured Republicans in the mainstream US media. Both have a reputation for being foreign policy hawks, championing US military interventions from the Balkans and Ukraine to the Middle East.



ARTICLE
Michelle Malkin appeared live on Fox News and demanded the mainstream media stop referring to “sanctuary cities” when in fact these cities are “outlaw cities” determined to break the law and serve “open border special interests.”
“First of all we have to stop calling these places sanctuary cities,” the author and political commentator said.
“They are outlaw cities. They are safe spaces for criminality.”
Michelle Malkin argued that by using the propaganda term “sanctuary cities” we are playing into the hands of the liberal establishment, determined to impose its agenda on the nation via their mouthpieces in the mainstream media. 
“People are sick and tired of it.”
From now on we should refer to these cities by the more accurate term “outlaw cities“.

“The cry from ordinary Americans and taxpayers, who know that their pandering mayors and their mush-minded police chiefs aren’t serving them, but rather serving open-border special interests, they are finally being heard by Donald Trump and this administration.
“We now have an Attorney General Jeff Sessions who is committed to enforcing the rule of law and sending a message to every one of these police departments that they must not defy that rule of law.”



ARTICLE
John Podesta has pleaded with the Department of Justice for immunity before testifying against Hillary Clinton over the incriminating contents of leaked emails. 
The former Clinton campaign manager is being investigated for his ties to Russia during the 2016 Presidential elections. According to a newly leaked document, Podesta is willing to dish the dirt on his former boss in exchange for a guarantee that he will not go to prison.
The letter, obtained by hackers at 4chan, appears to have been written from Podesta’s law firm to the DOJ. The letter reveals that both John Podesta and Hillary Clinton are being criminally investigated over the contents of emails leaked by WikiLeaks last year.
One of the most serious revelations to come out of The Podesta Emails was the fact that government and campaign officials used food-based pedophile codewords to covertly discuss pedophilia with each other – lending credibility to claims that a child sex ring involving Hillary Clinton and other high-level government officials operates out of Washington D.C.

The letter appears to have come from law firm Perkins Coie and is reproduced below in full:
 March 30, 2017
BY ELECTRONIC MAIL AND HAND DELIVERY
Statement by Robin Kellert 
Counsel to Mr. John Podesta
In light of recent developments regarding international connects and the possibility of investigations into foreign influence into the political campaigns for president in 2016, Mr. John Podesta seeks an immunity agreement from the Department of Justice as well as the Federal Bureau of Investigations in exchange for immediately coming forward and granting testimony to the aforementioned organizations and any other relevant body. As both the House and Senate have opened inquiries into the matter of Mr. Podesta’s leaked emails, it only stands to reason that they would ask his testimony as well.
Revelations in the past that three additional individuals, including Cheryl Mills, were granted immunity from prosecution in Hillary Clinton’s email scandal shows precedent for immunity agreements related to the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Mr. Podesta’s track record of patriotic service to the United States under President Clinton and President Obama speaks for itself. His track record of openness and transparency with the American people includes Executive Order 12958, a tradition he is eager to uphold.



ARTICLE
Sick and tired of Democrats trolling him on Twitter, Rob Schneider decided to engage the snowflakes in the kind of real talk they have spent their life avoiding.
Fed up to the back teeth with liberals whining about the election and making excuses for Hillary Clinton’s loss, Rob Schneider took to Twitter to deliver a message to delusional Democrats: “It’s not Russia, it’s you.“
While Democrats living in their liberal echo chamber may have received the shock of their life when Hillary Clinton lost the election, nobody else was surprised. As Schneider points out, the Democratic Party has been on a losing streak for years. The country has been slowly turning against them since 2010.
“2010 Dems lost the House, 2012 Dems lost the Senate, 2016 Dems lost the White House, 2017 Dems lost ability to reason, It’s not Russia, it’s YOU,” Schneider tweeted Wednesday.

It’s hard to argue with the former Saturday Night Live star. Months after the election, liberal snowflakes are still searching for excuses as to why they lost the election, blaming Russia, even though nobody has produced a scintilla of evidence to support the accusation, and refusing to accept that the Democrats fielded a flawed, corrupt candidate whose worm-eaten campaign was riddled with hypocrisy and lies.
Rob Schneider was a lifelong Democrat, before abandoning the party the party that “horrified” him.
“As a lifelong Democrat I am horrified by what’s happening in this state with the Democrat Supermajority now in the legislature in California,” Schneider told the Washington Times in a 2013 interview.
The San Francisco native said he loves living and working in his home state, but blamed “the Democrats’ failed policies” for destabilizing the nation.



ARTICLE
Rocker and conservative superstar Ted Nugent dropped a bomb on Islamic terrorists by pointing out that pork and pork products, which are strictly forbidden in the Muslim religion, are actually in many products – including bullets and bombs.
Ted Nugent pointed out that any Muslim who has handled TNT, nitro, bullets, high explosive bombs, or rocket launchers has been contaminated with their dreaded pork, as these items all contain gelatine or glycerine from pigs.
To make matters even worse for radical Islamic terrorists, pork products are also used in most stitches, antibiotics, and vitamin capsules, meaning that any Muslim who has been treated for an injury after their attack has also been contaminated with pork.
When a suicide bomber blows himself up, his body parts mix in with the gelatine and glycerine from the explosive. These products are also made from pig, meaning that under the laws of Islam these bombers will not be accepted by Allah.
Bad news for terrorists!
Pig bone gelatine is also used to help transport gunpowder or cordite into bullets. The fact that such a wide array of medical products use pig-based ingredients means it is almost impossible for a Muslim to avoid pig altogether. While this is a tragedy for nonviolent Muslims, Ted Nugent chose to focus on how it impacts terrorists, who could be in for a rude awakening when they reach the afterlife.
BOOM!
How funny is that? Nugent’s announcement came in the form of a Facebook post that reads:
Percy the pig makes for an extremely interesting read. I never knew pigs were in most products!! 
Every Muslim who has ever handled TNT, Nitro, Bullets, High Explosive Bombs, Rocket Launchers or been treated for cuts injury requiring stitches, or taken antibiotics, or Vitamin Capsules, has been contaminated with Pig Products. 
The ironical part is that when a Suicide Bomber blows himself up his body parts are impregnated with Gelatine and Glycerine from the explosive. Both Gelatine and Glycerine are manufactured from Pigs worldwide.. Ergo, they will never be accepted by Allah. 
Some makers of cigarettes use haemoglobin from pig’s blood in their filters. Apparently this element works as a sort of ‘artificial lung’ in the cigarette so, they claim, ‘harmful reactions take place before the chemicals reach the user’, (enter the Pig.) 
Pig bone gelatine is used to help transport gunpowder or cordite into the bullet. Insulin, the blood-thinning drug heparin and pig heart valves all vital. The complex workings of the global food and processing industry have ensured that it is impossible to avoid pig altogether. 
Pig product goes into liquorice and many other products. In this process, collagen is taken from the pig and is then converted into gelatine. This finds its way into numerous foodstuffs, where it acts as a gelling agent. 
A number of medicines also contain pig gelatine – everything from painkillers to multivitamins. Fatty acids extracted from the bone fat of pigs are used in shampoos and conditioners to give them their shiny, pearl-like appearance. These acids can also be found in a number of body lotions, foundations and anti-wrinkle creams. Glycerine made from pork fat is an ingredient in many types of toothpaste. 
There is no legal obligation for manufacturers to specify whether the gelatine they use is from a pig or another animal. When it is specified, it is often confusingly referred to as Suilline gelatine. 
So to all prospective Suicide Bombers, ISIS and innocent, good Muslims, I say, “Have a Nice Day” from “Percy” the wonderful Pig.



ARTICLE
Veterans across America are joining forces to save children from sex trafficking and pedophile rings, as part of an attempt to put an end to the widespread sexual exploitation of children. 
Former Navy Seal Craig Sawyer is leading a national non-profit organization that aims to save children from torture, sexual abuse and trafficking.
Infowars.com reports:
“These rings include members from every level of our society and involve unthinkable trauma inflicted upon innocent babies and children – the soul of our nation,” Vets4ChildRescue.org states.
The group will collect data and information from federal and local law enforcement sources to expose the biggest names, families and foundations that take part in the ritualistic abuse of children.
Sawyer’s group is composed of a VIPR Team (Veterans Investigating Pedophile Rings), with participating members hailing from different military branches and intelligence agencies, including Military Special Operations and members of the CIA, TSA, FBI, NSA, MI6 and more.
Veterans for Child Rescue also plans to produce a television documentary-series with the goal of exposing the child sex trafficking epidemic to a wider audience.
“Until now, pedophiles have enjoyed a counter-productive level of privacy from the media.”
“That puts more children at risk,” a crowd-funding page for the organization states.
“Together, we can work with federal and local law enforcement to help arrest these predators and liberate the child victims.”



ARTICLE
According to a WikiLeaks cable, former President George W. Bush and senior advisor Karl Rove both obstructed an elite Washington DC pedophile investigation. 
As part of The Global Intelligence Files release from 2012, one email claims President Bush obstructed a 2007 investigation into a pedophile ring operating within Washington DC, ordering senior advisor Karl Rove to fire eight U.S. attorneys who were leading the probe.
Wikileaks.org reports:
On Monday February 27th, 2012, WikiLeaks began publishing The Global Intelligence Files, over five million e-mails from the Texas headquartered “global intelligence” company Stratfor.
The e-mails date between July 2004 and late December 2011. They reveal the inner workings of a company that fronts as an intelligence publisher, but provides confidential intelligence services to large corporations, such as Bhopal’s Dow Chemical Co., Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon and government agencies, including the US Department of Homeland Security, the US Marines and the US Defence Intelligence Agency.
The emails show Stratfor’s web of informers, pay-off structure, payment laundering techniques and psychological methods.
Email-ID 475107
 Date 2007-03-27 07:27:50
 From TomFlocco@cs.com
 To undisclosed-recipients:
 AGENTS: BUSH FIRINGS OBSTRUCTED SEX / SPY PROBE
Foggo sex ring probe linked to forged Iraq dossier, Israeli espionage, convicted lobbyist Abramoff
According to U.S. intelligence sources, President Bush obstructed justice last December when he had senior advisor Karl Rove and White House Counsel Harriet Miers instruct Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez to fire eight U.S. attorneys who were among several others conducting ongoing public corruption and secret national security grand jury investigations connected to an espionagea**linked prostitution / pedophile sex ring operating at the Washington Ritz-Carlton and other DC hotels, whose clients included U.S. senators and congressmen, elite Washington news reporters and high government officialsa**some of whom were named by an intelligence insider.
Central to the scandal is fired U.S. attorney Carole Lam of California who was reportedly conducting testimony before grand juries linking indicted former Bush CIA Executive Director Kyle a**Dustya** Foggo and convicted Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff to the sex ring, Israeli espionage, GOP Under Secretary of Defense for policy Douglas J. Feith, a forged British intelligence dossier used by Mr. Bush to deceive Americans into supporting war against Iraq and an attempt to plant weapons of mass destruction (WMD) in Iraq before the war via an intelligence pipeline through Dubai and Turkey.



ARTICLE
A school in Tulsa, Oklahoma, sent home one of their female students with a contraceptive implant that had been placed in her body against her will.
According to her mother, Miracle Foster, the 16-year-old minor was forcibly given the Norplant contraceptive implant during a field trip.
“Had I known that this field trip was to get that done, I would not have allowed her to go,” Foster told Fox23, adding, “I just feel like my rights as a parent were violated.” 
Thenewamerican.com reports:
While it is obvious to any right-thinking person that Foster is correct in her assertion that her parental rights were violated, the overreaching federal guidelines in the Title X Family Planning Program serve to give Uncle Sam’s stamp of approval to that violation. Because of the overreach of the federal government — and the acquiescence of state governments addicted to federal monies — parental rights have come under increasing attacks in the past few decades. According to interpretations of Title X, teens as young as 12 years old are allowed to receive contraceptives without a parent’s consent.
While the report from FOX News makes it appear this was a recent event, Foster’s daughter actually received the implant in November. When her daughter told her about it that evening, Foster cried. In an interview with The New American, Foster said, “It’s like they take the parental control away. These are children who cannot make decisions.” She added that children need their parents “to nurture them” and “to protect them” She also said that by taking the place of the parent, the government school system deprives those children of that nurturing and protection.
At least one Oklahoma state legislator agrees with Foster. Dr. Mike Ritze spoke with The New American about the issues surrounding this case. Dr. Ritze is well qualified to speak to this issue. He is a family physician who has delivered around 2,000 babies. He is also the Chairman of the Oklahoma House Public Health Committee and a ranking member of the Oklahoma House Public Safety Committee. He told The New American, “If the mother [had given her] permission, I would disagree with her, if she was not properly informed of the dangers of Norplant,” adding, “Norplant can cause strokes, blood clots, migraine headaches and other side effects.” But since Foster did not consent to her minor daughter receiving a hormonal implant, Dr. Ritze pointed out the duplicity in the way the law deals with this issue. “A school official cannot give a [minor] student an aspirin without the parent’s consent, but can take them out of school to get contraception.” Or an abortion.
Dr. Ritze said it may be “legally wrong” for the school to have allowed the student to be taken to the clinic to get the implant without her mother’s consent. He added that — either way — it is certainly morally wrong. “The government shouldn’t have anything to do with promoting anything but abstinence,” he said. He added that abstinence is not just the best method for avoiding pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases; it is the only method that always works. But because government schools have been drinking at the poisoned well of of progressive liberalism, Dr. Ritze said the attitude of the government schools seems to be “We know students are going to promiscuous — like monkeys — so let them go out there and use a condom or other birth control or get an abortion if they get pregnant.” He added, “The truth is that they (the students) are not monkeys, they are people, made in the image of God, and when they are given the right information about their choices and the consequences, they can make better choices — like abstinence.”
Those are some pretty serious risks for a 16-year-old girl to take — especially since it seems that she was never even made aware of them. Foster said her daughter was not given any information about the dangers of Norplant. She said her daughter told her “the lady told her about the different choices she had” but did not discuss side effects or risks.
Foster knows her daughter. Granted, her daughter made a decision without talking it over with her, but that seems to be a mark of teenagers. This writer asked Foster if she thought her daughter would have had any type of medical implant — for any reason, contraception or otherwise — that carried those risks if she had been educated about them. “No, no. She would not agree,” she said, “I think that would have scared her. I know for sure she would not have.” She added, “I wasn’t there, so I don’t know how much information they gave her. I don’t know if there was pressure there — I don’t know.”
And because the government school system and the clinic can hide behind Title X, Foster may never know. After all, the only reason she knows about the Norplant implant in the first place is because her daughter told her.
Laws are supposed to protect minors. Because society recognizes that young people do not always have the best judgment, they are protected from those who would prey on them. That is why minors cannot enter into many legal contracts without parental consent. For instance, minors in most states are protected from incurring debt by not being able to get credit cards. But the way Title X is interpreted, as soon as a child is at “reproductive age” (as young as 12), he or she can be exploited by the contraception industry.
Let that sink in: A person whose judgment is rightly considered underdeveloped to the point that he or she cannot make decisions about the ramifications of incurring debt is considered wise and experienced enough to make decisions about having sex, receiving contraception, or getting an abortion. The parent cannot object because the parent doesn’t even have to be told.
A statement released by the school echoes Choice’s words to Foster:
This was not a field trip. Youth Services of Tulsa does an annual in-service on Sex Education. They offer students an opportunity to contact them on their own for more information. The parent gave her child permission to leave the school. Under Title X once young people are at the clinic and are of reproductive age, they can make decisions on their own without parental consent. As you can understand this situation involves a minor and we do not release information about students. Nevertheless, the student was well within their rights of Title X which is a federal guideline that provides reduced cost family planning services to persons of all reproductive age.
Next, Foster reached out to the school board. She told us, “I went to the school board before I went to the news.” She added that the school board admitted to being ignorant of the situation. “The school board didn’t know about it.” She said the school board asked questions — such as “How did this happen?” and “Was the disclosure out there?” and “Who is this organization?” — of the school principal, Dr. Rodney L. Clark. She said the principal “didn’t know that this could be a possibility for them [the students] to get anything done” at the clinic.
But in the end, the only answer Foster got was that — because of Title X — no one had any obligation to get her consent or even to inform her. When asked how she feels about it even all these months later, she told The New American, “I’m p***ed! Quote that. I’m p***ed off.”
And, who can blame her?



ARTICLE
By 2025 half of the children born in the United States will be diagnosed with autism, according to Stephanie Seneff, a Senior Research Scientist at MIT and author of over 170 peer-reviewed scholarly articles.
Seneff notes that autism diagnoses have been exploding in recent years, which she claims can be attributed to heavy-duty vaccines and the use of glyphosate, a chemical in the popular weed killer Roundup, owned by Monsanto.

President Trump has also voiced concern about the autism epidemic in children, blaming heavy-duty doses of vaccines delivered in short time frames.

Wearechange reports: Seneff also has an online presentation on the topic, which furthermore claims that glyphosate is “an antibiotic that preferentially kills the good bacteria.” She also states that “we depend on our gut bacteria in many ways.”
Monsanto says on their website that “farmers, as well as homeowners and others, have been using Roundup® and other glyphosate products for more than 40 years,” a quote which illustrates the break between a prominent work of research and the reality of the food industry.
ANOTHER STUDY WHICH SAYS GLYPHOSATE ISN’T HARMLESS
Recently Dr. Michael Antoniou of the UK has come forward with another study that also concludes that glyphosate and Roundup are not as harmless as Monsanto might like to admit.
As reported by the Center for Research on Globalization, Antoniou describes his study by saying that “for the very first time we have established a causative link between an environmentally relevant level of daily ingestion of Roundup and a serious disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.”
In other words, autism, Alzheimer’s disease, and the other complications pointed out by Dr. Seneff might not be the only things you have to worry about if you consume this substance.
Because of the widespread use of Roundup and its active ingredient glyphosate, sources have pointed out that it can now be found in human urine, water, and even in genetically modified food.
For more information on glyphosate, check out Dr. Stephanie Seneff’s full lecture below.




ARTICLE
Candace Claiborne, a U.S. State Department official was arrested and charged in a federal court after allegedly accepting tens of thousands of dollars worth of payments and gifts from Chinese spies in return for American secrets.
The sixty-year-old administrative official with top secret clearance, appeared in court in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday charged with lying to the FBI and concealing frequent contacts with two Chinese intelligence officials over several years.
She willingly accepted an Apple Macintosh laptop computer, an iPhone, and thousands of dollars in cash from the Chinese spies.
An unidentified relative of Claiborne also allegedly received gifts and benefits from the Chinese officials under the scheme, and was even protected from a police investigation when he allegedly “committed a serious crime” while studying in China in August 2013.
Candace Claiborne, who abused her powerful position and top secret access for personal monetary gain, faces up to 25 years in prison once she’s convicted.
The Guardian reports:
US authorities said the Chinese spies, whose names were redacted by prosecutors, were agents of the Shanghai state security bureau, a branch of China’s ministry of state security (MSS), the country’s civilian intelligence and security agency.
The agents are said to have preyed on Claiborne’s complaints of “financial woes” and her inability to fund the “overseas educational and career goals” of the unidentified relative “on her state department salary alone”.
She was found to have written in her journal that she could “generate 20k in 1 year” by working for the Chinese official, according to investigators. Claiborne is accused of repeatedly lying and concealing the arrangements when she was legally obliged to disclose contacts with foreign nationals, including when she applied to renew her top secret clearance in 2014.
In one alleged interaction detailed in the complaint, Claiborne agreed to perform a task for one of the agents, who had recently wired almost $2,500 to Claiborne’s US bank account, while she was stationed in the US embassy in Beijing in May 2011.
The official, said also to be a Shanghai-based importer-exporter who runs a spa and restaurant in the city, asked for private government information including the “internal evaluation” made by the US of recent economic talks with China. Claiborne sent back “publicly available information”.
Over the following years, the complaint alleges, Claiborne’s unidentified relative had his $47,000-a-year fashion college tuition and accommodation in China paid for by the Chinese officials. He also received a $450 monthly allowance, an all-expenses paid vacation to Thailand and frequent international plane tickets.
The Chinese agents intervened to stop police investigating the Claiborne relative when he committed a “possible felony offense”, and arranged for last-minute flights to get him out of the country, prosecutors said, calling this “an extraordinary step” that indicated the Chinese officials wielded influence within government.
In January this year, a Chinese American undercover FBI agent who was posing as a colleague of the Chinese spies, visited Claiborne at her home in Washington DC. The FBI agent told Claiborne that MSS, the Chinese intelligence agency, considered her one of its “highest regarded friends” and thanked her for her past assistance.
Authorities said that Claiborne did not deny providing the Chinese officials with assistance but refused to continue with the arrangement or accept a cash payment. The situation had been complicated by “security stuff”, she explained, and “things are not the way they used to be”.



ARTICLE
A staggering 60% of Americans do not trust the mainstream media and think they regularly publish “fake news”, according to a new poll. 
The Monmouth University poll, published Wednesday, found that six in ten Americans believe TV and newspaper outlets in America deliberately publish propaganda on behalf of the government and large corporations.
79% of Republicans view most mainstream outlets as fake, compared to 66% of Independents and 43% of Democrats.
Rt.com reports:
The survey found that even more people distrust online news websites, with a whopping 80 percent believing such outlets report fake news regularly or occasionally.
The three groups of respondents were more equally aligned on the topic of whether online news outlets report fake news deliberately, with Republicans and Independents tied at 57 percent. Democrats weren’t far behind, at 52 percent.
US President Donald Trump has long lambasted mainstream media for reporting “fake news,” opting to communicate to Americans directly through Twitter and allowing local news stations to take part in daily press briefings, in an effort to bypass national networks.

At his inauguration ball in January, Trump asked the crowd whether he should keep tweeting once he moved into the White House, ultimately deciding that he would.
“Enemies keep saying, ‘Oh, that’s terrible.’ But you know, it’s a way of bypassing the dishonest media, right?” he said at the time.

Trump’s relationship with the media was reflected in the Monmouth poll, with 81 percent of respondents stating that he has a worse relationship with the media than past presidents. The majority (58 percent) said the bad relationship has hurt Trump’s image.
However, Trump isn’t the only one suffering from his feud with mainstream media – just over half of those surveyed (51 percent) said the bad blood between the two sides has also hurt the media’s image.
“It is an understatement to say the new administration’s relationship with the Fourth Estate has not cannot be characterized as friendly or even respectful. This ugliness has hurt each side’s reputation,” Patrick Murray, director of the independent Monmouth University Polling Institute, said in a statement.
However, when Trump was pitted against three major national news outlets – ABC, Fox News, and MSNBC – he came in last when it came to trustworthiness.
Even so, and perhaps unsurprisingly, Republicans were still more likely to trust Trump over all three of the media outlets.
“If you are a Republican, Trump is a font of truth. For other Americans, not so much,” said Murray.
He went on to state that most Republicans “seem to assume that every source that isn’t conservative must, by definition, have a liberal bias and is therefore less trustworthy.”
The Monmouth poll was conducted by telephone from March 2-5, with 801 adults across the United States. The results of the survey have a margin of error of +/-3.5 percent.



ARTICLE
Al Gore claims that the “principle” cause of the Syrian war is man-made climate change, in an extraordinary new interview. 
The former Vice-President blames citizens and governments who aren’t doing enough to fix the planet for causing the crisis in Syria.
The Independent reports:
Mr Gore, speaking at an event in which he previewed a sequel to his landmark 2006 documentary, An Inconvenient Truth, said the “principal” cause of the Syrian Civil War had been the worst drought in 900 years, which forced 1.5 million people to move from the countryside to the cities.
There they met a similar number of Iraqis who had fled the conflict in their homeland, creating powder keg conditions that Syrian government officials privately feared would explode.
The resulting war brought more refugees into Europe, causing political instability and helping convince some in the UK to vote to leave the European Union.
One of the most controversial Leave campaign posters showed a queue of refugees stretching into the distance with the caption “Breaking point: The EU has failed us all”. The then-Chancellor, George Osborne, described the poster as “disgusting and vile” and, like others who explicitly compared it to Nazi propaganda, said it had “echoes of literature used in the 1930s”.
Mr Gore, whose new film An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power is due out in the UK in August, told an audience at the Advertising Week Europe event in London: “This collision between the power of industrial civilisation and the surprising fragility of the Earth’s ecosystem now poses a great danger that could even threaten the future of human civilisation itself.
“One of the lines of investigation [scientists] have been pursuing has led them to the conclusion that significant areas of the Middle East and North Africa are in danger of becoming uninhabitable.
“And, just a taste of this, to link it to some of the events that the UK and European Union are going through – think for a moment about what happened in Syria.
“Before the gates of hell opened in Syria, what happened was a climate-related extreme drought.
“From 2006 to 2010, 60 per cent of the farms in Syria were destroyed… and 80 per cent of the livestock were killed. The drought in the eastern Mediterranean is the worst ever on record – the records only go back 900 years, but it’s historic.
“And 1.5 million climate refugees were driven into the cities in Syria, where they collided with refugees from the Iraq War.
“Wikileaks revealed the internal conversations in the Syrian government where they were saying to one another ‘we can’t handle this, there’s going to be a social explosion’. There are other causes of the Syrian civil war, but this was the principal one.”




ARTICLE
California has been forced to ditch a bill that proposed to outlaw all alternative media websites in the state. 
State senator Ed Chau was forced to pull the bill after lawmakers pointed out to him that his proposals were utterly unconstitutional.
Assembly Bill 1104, “The California Political Cyberfraud Abatement Act,” aimed to make it illegal for website operators to publish “false or deceptive statements” online in an effort to tackle the so-called ‘fake news’ crisis.
Rt.com reports:
Under the proposed legislation, it would be unlawful to knowingly and willingly publish or circulate on the Internet a “false or deceptive statement designed to influence the vote” on either a ballot measure or political candidate.
In his analysis of the bill, Chau says the proposal would expand The Golden State’s political cyberfraud law to “provide protections to candidate campaigns in addition to the current law protections for ballot measures.”
“This bill is an important step forward in the fight against ‘fake news’ and deceptive campaign tactics,” Chau, who heads the California Privacy and Consumer Protection Committee, said.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a digital-rights advocacy group, wrote a critical review of the bill, saying it was “so obviously unconstitutional, we had to double check that it was real.”
The EFF argued the bill would violate free speech rights, making it illegal to “be wrong on the internet.” Anyone who made the “slightest hint of hyperbole, exaggeration, poetic license, or common error” on a candidate or ballot measure would be violating the law, according to the civil liberties advocate.
They also note that the bill does not leave room for satire or parody, meaning The Onion would be considered illegal under the bill. Even quoting or retweeting an incorrect statement would be illegal.
“At a time when political leaders are promoting ‘alternative facts’ and branding unflattering reporting as ‘fake news,’ we don’t think it’s a good idea to give the government more power to punish speech,” said Dave Maas, an investigative researcher for the EFF.




ARTICLE
Students at American University are demanding that all professors who dared vote for Trump during the 2016 election be immediately fired from their position. 
Numerous students have signed a petition that would end Trump-supporting professors from having a career.
“I don’t think I have any professors who voted for Trump,” said one hopeful student who signed the petition.
Campusreform.org reports:
One student said having a professor who voted for Trump would “really inhibit people from going to class.” Tweet This
While many students and administrators often refer to their love of diversity, how do they feel about a diversity of opinion amongst their professors?
To find out, I went undercover at American University, posing as a student with the fictitious group “American Students for Diversity.” Armed with a clipboard, I asked students if they would be willing to sign my petition to urge the school to ban the hiring of any professor who had voted for Donald Trump in November.
Throughout the day it became clear that the overwhelming majority of students on campus had no interest in hearing from any professor holding political beliefs different from their own. Student after student eagerly signed the petition; one said having a professor who voted for Trump would “really inhibit people from going to class.”
At one point, faculty member stopped to sign the petition and offer me words of encouragement.
Another student signed the petition adding, “[America] is not really a democracy any more so we can’t really play by the normal rules anymore.”
Over the course of an entire afternoon of filming, more than 20 students agreed to sign the petition, while just one student who stopped to talk with me would decline to sign.





ARTICLE
As we all suffer through the propaganda permeating the media about how Russia “hacked” the election to help elect President Donald J. Trump, we at YourNewsWire have examined the facts of the matter. And all the evidence implies that Russian “dirt” was actually helping out the Hillary Rodham Clinton campaign.
For starters, the irony in Hillary Clinton’s campaign, not Donald Trump’s, being the one who shared dirt allegedly from the Kremlin and other Russian sources, with American journalists to publish is remarkable.
And, awareness of this activity doesn’t require you to spin conspiracy theories about what may or may not have been said during some seemingly innocuous conversation. In this case, you have open admissions about how these Russian/Kremlin claims were used.
Remember Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee’s, opening statement at last week’s public hearing on so-called “Russia-gate?” Schiff’s seamless 15-minute narrative of the Trump campaign’s alleged collaboration with Russia followed the script prepared by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele who was hired as an opposition researcher last June to dig up derogatory information on Donald Trump.
Steele, who had worked for Britain’s MI-6 in Russia, said he tapped into ex-colleagues and unnamed sources inside Russia, including leadership figures in the Kremlin, to piece together a series of sensational reports that became the basis of the current congressional and FBI investigations into Trump’s alleged ties to Moscow.
Since he was not able to go to Russia himself, Steele based his reports mostly on multiple hearsay from anonymous Russians who claim to have heard some information from their government contacts before passing it on to Steele’s associates who then gave it to Steele who compiled this mix of rumors and alleged inside dope into “raw” intelligence reports.
ConsortiumNews reports:
Lewd Allegations
Besides the anonymous sourcing and the sources’ financial incentives to dig up dirt, Steele’s reports had numerous other problems, including the inability of a variety of investigators to confirm key elements, such as the salacious claim that several years ago Russian intelligence operatives secretly videotaped Trump having prostitutes urinate on him while he lay in the same bed in Moscow’s Ritz-Carlton used by President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.
That tantalizing tidbit was included in Steele’s opening report to his new clients, dated June 20, 2016. Apparently, it proved irresistible in whetting the appetite of Clinton’s mysterious benefactors who were financing Steele’s dirt digging and who have kept their identities (and the amounts paid) hidden. Also in that first report were the basic outlines of what has become the scandal that is now threatening the survival of Trump’s embattled presidency.
But Steele’s June report also reflected the telephone-tag aspects of these allegations: “Speaking to a trusted compatriot in June 2016 sources A and B, a senior Russian Foreign Ministry figure and a former top level Russian intelligence officer still active inside the Kremlin respectively, the Russian authorities had been cultivating and supporting US Republican presidential candidate, Donald TRUMP for a least 5 years.
“Source B asserted that the TRUMP operation was both supported and directed by Russian President Vladimir PUTIN. Its aim was to sow discord and disunity both within the US itself, but more especially within the Transatlantic alliance which was viewed as inimical to Russia’s interests. … In terms of specifics, Source A confided that the Kremlin had been feeding TRUMP and his team valuable intelligence on his opponents, including Democratic presidential candidate Hillary CLINTON, for several years. …
“The Kremlin’s cultivation operation on TRUMP also had comprised offering him various lucrative real estate development business deals in Russia, especially in relation to the ongoing 2018 World Cup soccer tournament. However, so far, for reasons unknown, TRUMP had not taken up any of these.”
Besides the anonymous and hearsay quality of the allegations, there are obvious logical problems, especially the point that five years ago, you could have gotten astronomical odds about Trump’s chances to win the U.S. presidency, although perhaps there is more an astrological explanation. Maybe the seemingly logical Putin went to some stargazing soothsayer to see the future.
There also may have been a more mundane reason why Trump’s hotel deal fell through. A source familiar with those negotiations told me that Trump had hoped to get a half interest in the $2 billion project but that Russian-Israeli investor Mikhail Fridman, a founder of Russia’s Alfa Bank, balked because Trump was unwilling to commit a significant investment beyond the branding value of the Trump name.
Yet, one would assume that if the supposedly all-powerful Putin wanted to give a $1 billion or so payoff to his golden boy, Donald Trump, whom Putin just knew would become President in five years, the deal would have happened.
Whetting the Appetite
Despite the dubious quality of Steele’s second- and third-hand information, the June report appears to have won the breathless attention of Team Clinton. And once the bait was taken, Steele continued to produce his conspiracy-laden reports, totaling at least 17 through Dec. 13, 2016.
The reports not only captivated the Clinton political operatives but influenced the assessments of Obama’s appointees in the U.S. intelligence community. In the last weeks of the Obama administration, I was told that the outgoing intelligence chiefs had found no evidence to verify Steele’s claims but nevertheless believed them to be true.
Still, a careful analysis of Steele’s reports would have discovered not only apparent factual inaccuracies, such as putting Trump lawyer Michael Cohen at a meeting with a Russian official in Prague (when Cohen says he’s never been to Prague), but also the sort of broad conspiracy-mongering that the mainstream U.S. news media usually loves to ridicule.
For instance, Steele’s reports pin a range of U.S. political attitudes on Russian manipulation rather than the notion that Americans can reach reasonable conclusions on their own. In one report dated Sept. 14, 2016, Steele claimed that an unnamed senior official in President Vladimir Putin’s Presidential Administration (or PA) explained how Putin used the alleged Russian influence operation to generate opposition to Obama’s Pacific trade deals.
Steele wrote that Putin’s intention was “pushing candidate CLINTON away from President OBAMA’s policies. The best example of this was that both candidates [Clinton and Trump] now openly opposed the draft trade agreements, TPP and TTIP, which were assessed by Moscow as detrimental to Russian interests.”
In other words, the Russians supposedly intervened in the U.S. presidential campaign to turn the leading candidates against Obama’s trade deals. But how credible is that? Are we to believe that American politicians – running the gamut from Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren through former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to President Donald Trump – have all been tricked by the Kremlin to oppose those controversial trade deals, which are also broadly unpopular with the American people who are sick and tired of trade agreements that cost them jobs?
Steele’s investigative dossier suggests that we can’t really think for ourselves. We are all Putin’s puppets.
Greater Skepticism?
Normally, such a ludicrous claim – along with the haziness of the sourcing – would demand greater skepticism about the rest of Steele’s feverish charges, but a curious aspect of the investigations into Russia’s alleged “meddling” in Election 2016 is that neither Steele nor the “oppo research” company, Fusion GPS, that hired him – reportedly with funding from Clinton allies – has been summoned to testify.
Usually, official investigations begin with testimony from the people who are making the allegations, so their credibility and motives can be tested in an adversarial setting. Plus, some baseline information should be established: Who, for instance, paid for the contract? How much was the total and how much went to Steele? How much did Steele then pay his Russian contacts and did they, in turn, pay the alleged Russian insiders for information? Or are we supposed to believe that these “insiders” risked being identified as spies out of a commitment to the truth?
None of these answers would necessarily discredit the information, but they could provide important context as to whether this “oppo” team had a financial motive to sex-up the reports to keep Clinton’s friends coming back for more. Arguably the funders of this “oppo” research should be called to testify as well regarding whether they would have kept ponying up more money if Steele’s reports had concluded that there were no meaningful contacts between Trump’s people and the Russians. Were they seeking the truth or just dirt to help Hillary Clinton win?
Since last November’s election, Steele has ducked public inquiries and Glenn Simpson, the former Wall Street Journal journalist who heads Fusion GPS, has refused to divulge who hired his firm or answer other relevant questions. That means we still don’t know which Clinton friends paid for the dirt and how much money was given to subcontractors like Steele and his Russian associates. (One source told me it may have totaled around $1 million.)
According to various press reports, Fusion GPS first worked for a Republican opponent of Trump’s, but then switched over to the Clinton side after Trump won the Republican race. With Steele generating his reports every few days or every few weeks, people close to Clinton’s campaign saw the Russia allegations as a potential game-changer. They reached out to reporters to persuade them to publish Steele’s allegations even if they could not be verified.
Before the election, a longtime Clinton operative briefed me on aspects of Steele’s investigation, including the “golden shower” allegations, and urged me to at least publish the accusations as a rumor citing the fact that some major news organizations were looking into the charges, an offer that I declined.
In a different setting – when Gov. Bill Clinton was seeking the presidency and Republican “oppo” researchers were pushing various wild and salacious allegations about him – the Clinton team dismissed such claims and the motivations of the people behind them as “cash for trash.”
Following the Storyline
Yet, Schiff’s opening statement at the hearing on March 20 relied heavily on Steele’s narrative and the supposed credibility of the ex-British spy and his anonymous Russian sources, even to the point of naming Americans who presumably joined in a scheme to collaborate with the Russians to help rig the U.S. election, an act that some commenters have compared to treason.
The California Democrat said, “Russian sources tell [Steele] that [Carter] Page [a Trump foreign policy adviser who made a public trip to Russia in early July 2016] also had a secret meeting with Igor Sechin, CEO of Russian gas giant Rosneft. … According to Steele’s Russian sources, Page is offered brokerage fees by Sechin on a deal involving a 19 percent share of the company.”
These “Russian sources” also tell Steele, according to Schiff, that “the Trump campaign is offered documents damaging to Hillary Clinton, which the Russians would publish through an outlet that gives them deniability, like Wikileaks. The hacked documents would be in exchange for a Trump Administration policy that de-emphasizes Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and instead focuses on criticizing NATO countries for not paying their fare share.”
Schiff continued: “Is it a coincidence that the Russian gas company Rosneft sold a 19 percent share after former British Intelligence Officer Steele was told by Russian sources that Carter Page was offered fees on a deal of just that size? Is it a coincidence that Steele’s Russian sources also affirmed that Russia had stolen documents hurtful to Secretary Clinton that it would utilize in exchange for pro-Russian policies that would later come to pass?”
However, is it also not possible that Steele and his profit-making colleagues made their reports conform to details that already were known or that they had reason to believe would occur, in other words, to match up their claims with independently known facts to give them greater credibility? That is a classic way for conmen to establish “credibility” with marks who are either gullible or simply want to believe.
Also, clever prosecutors in presenting a “circumstantial case” – as Schiff was doing on March 20 – can make innocent coincidences look suspicious. For instance, though Trump’s resistance to escalating tensions with Russia was well known through the primary campaign, Schiff made a big deal out of the fact that Trump’s people opposed a plank in the Republican platform that called for shipping lethal military supplies to Ukraine for the government’s war against ethnic Russian rebels in the east. Schiff presents that as the quo for the quid of the Russians supplying purloined emails from the Democratic National Committee to WikiLeaks (although WikiLeaks denies getting the emails from the Russians).
In his opening statement, Schiff said: “In the middle of July, Paul Manafort, the Trump campaign manager and someone who was long on the payroll of pro-Russian Ukrainian interests, attends the Republican Party convention. Carter Page, back from [a business meeting in] Moscow, also attends the convention.
“According to Steele, it was Manafort who chose Page to serve as a go-between for the Trump campaign and Russian interests. [Russian] Ambassador [Sergey] Kislyak, who presides over a Russian embassy in which diplomatic personnel would later be expelled as likely spies, also attends the Republican Party convention and meets with Carter Page and additional Trump Advisors J.D. Gordon and Walid Phares. It was J.D. Gordon who approved Page’s trip to Moscow.
“Ambassador Kislyak also meets with Trump campaign national security chair and now Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Sessions would later deny meeting with Russian officials during his Senate confirmation hearing. Just prior to the convention, the Republican Party platform is changed, removing a section that supports the provision of ‘lethal defensive weapons’ to Ukraine, an action that would be contrary to Russian interests.
“Manafort categorically denies involvement by the Trump campaign in altering the platform. But the Republican Party delegate who offered the language in support of providing defensive weapons to Ukraine states that it was removed at the insistence of the Trump campaign. Later, J.D. Gordon admits opposing the inclusion of the provision at the time it was being debated and prior to its being removed.”
Problems with the Conspiracy
So, not only is Schiff relying on Steele to provide key links in the conspiracy chain but Schiff ignores the surrounding reality that Trump had long opposed the idea of escalating the confrontation with Russia in Ukraine – as, by the way, did President Obama who resisted pressure to send lethal military hardware to Ukraine.
Plus, Schiff ignores other logical points, including that party platforms are essentially meaningless and that the savvy Putin would not likely take the huge risk of offending the odds-on winner of the presidential race, Hillary Clinton, for something as pointless as a word change in the GOP platform.
There is also the point that if Trump were a true “Manchurian candidate,” he would have taken the more politically popular position of bashing Russia during the campaign and only reverse course after he got into the White House. That’s how the scheme is supposed to work. (And, of course, all embassies including American ones have spies assigned to them, so there is nothing unusual about Ambassador Kislyak presiding at an embassy with spies.)
Other independent-minded journalists have noted various chronological problems with Steele’s narrative, such as Marcy Wheeler at her emptywheel.net Web site.
In other words, there are huge holes in both the evidence and the logic of Schiff’s conspiracy theory. But you wouldn’t know that from watching and reading the fawning commentary about Schiff’s presentation in the mainstream U.S. news media, which has been almost universally hostile to Trump (which is not to say that there aren’t sound reasons to consider the narcissistic, poorly prepared Trump to be unfit to serve as President of the United States).
The journalistic problem is that everyone deserves to get a fair shot from reporters who are supposed to be objective and fair regardless of a person’s popularity or notoriety or what the reporter may personally feel. That standard should apply to everyone, whether you’re a foreign leader despised by the U.S. government or a politician detested for your obnoxious behavior.
There is no professional justification for journalists joining in a TV-and-print lynch mob. We also have seen too often where such wrongheaded attitudes lead, such as to the groupthink that Iraq’s hated dictator Saddam Hussein was hiding WMDs, or in an earlier time to the McCarthyism that destroyed the lives of Americans who were smeared as unpatriotic because of their dissident political views.
So, yes, even Donald Trump deserves not to be railroaded by a mainstream media that wants desperately – along with other powerful forces in Official Washington – to see him run out of town on a rail and will use any pretext to do so, even if it means escalating the risks of a nuclear war with Russia.
And, if mainstream media commentators truly want a thorough and independent investigation, they should be demanding that it start by summoning the people who first made the allegations.
 



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton is dying and Huma Abedin is planning her funeral, according to emails between the former presidential candidate and her top aide made public by Judicial Watch on Wednesday. 
The emails also reveal that Hillary Clinton is demanding a full military funeral, involving a motorcade through Washington D.C. as part of a massive State-funded celebration of her life.
The previously unseen emails between Clinton, Abedin and other colleagues were published by Judicial Watch as part of a cache of 1,184 pages of State Department records obtained by the conservative watchdog.
In one notable email exchange, Capricia Marshall, ambassador and long-time friend to Hillary Clinton, sought to map out her – and Bill Clinton’s – funerals because “planning is best done when they are still with us.”

“As well, Huma – I would make the same suggestion to you – for her it will be a little different … And once affirmed it will be very hard for someone to deny the type of ceremony she wanted — as well I understand that the President can request certain arrangements for her that she/her rep cannot (ie if you want the motorcade to go through DC — stop somewhere),” Marshall wrote.
Marshall also told Abedin that she had to involve the military in preparation for Hillary’s funeral — “as Protocol has a lot to do with planning, notification etc.”
The news that Hillary Clinton is on her last legs corroborates reports that President Trump was told that Bill and Hillary Clinton are dying.
According to a White House insider who works closely with the president, a merciful Trump took pity on Bill and Hillary Clinton upon hearing of their ill-health. Not because he approves of pedophilia, corruption, or murder, but because he is a spiritual man who can see that karma has caught up with them and is about to pay them back by the bucket load.
“Their fate in hell far exceeds any punishment we could impose on that pair. We must concentrate on the network of crooks, pedophiles and traffickers that exist right now and prosecute them with the full force of the law,” Trump told the team in a closed-door meeting at the White House.
Trump also believes that the Clintons are a fading force in US politics. Bill’s career is well and truly over and Hillary is a thoroughly defeated figure, languishing at rock bottom in nationwide approval rating polls.
It is believed that a blockbuster Clinton trial would destabilize a country already racked by division, and a guilty verdict would transform the deeply unpopular duo from despised and rejected figures into undeserved martyrs.
President Trump, playing the long game, does not wish to give the DNC this gift.
According to the White House insider it is former president Obama, who has been ignoring the customary peaceful transferral of power, who is viewed as the greater threat to the Trump presidency.
The White House insider also explained that the leaks coming out of the White House would “soon dry up” as Obama-era holdovers were removed, and staff loyal to the president were appointed to key positions of trust.



ARTICLE
Creator of popular card game “Cards Against Humanity” Max Temkin pledged that if Congress voted to allow Internet Service Providers to sell our personal browser histories to private companies, then he would purchase and publish the browser histories of the members of Congress who voted for the bill.

The controversial vote ultimately decided that Internet Service Providers will be permitted to sell off your private data, including your personal browser history, to advertisers.
Or, perhaps, to companies whose founders want to humiliate the politicians responsible for this massively corrupt and unpopular decision.
Rather than encouraging people unhappy with the bill to donate to crowdfunding efforts hoping to inflict similar humiliations, Temkin has encouraged us to save our money. He says he will purchase and release the data himself.


The Republican majority Senate voted to undo the net neutrality protections last week, and the decision on whether ISPs will be able to sell their customers’ personal data will now go to Trump’s desk.
President Trump now has the opportunity to show he is not just a president for CEOs but for all Americans.
The White House said last Tuesday that it “strongly supports” the new measures and Trump is largely expected to pass it.
But the actions of Mr. Temkin lend credence to the old saying “when you come for the Internet, the Internet comes for you.”



ARTICLE
President Trump took to Twitter this week, calling on prosecutors to formally begin a criminal investigation into Bill and Hillary Clinton.
According to Trump, the Clintons took money from Russia in exchange for a number of political favors.
‘Why isn’t the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech…,’ the president tweeted on Monday night, before finishing with a second post.
‘…money to Bill, the Hillary Russian “reset,” praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax.’


Clashdaily.com reports:
But of course, the ‘Fact Checkers’ disagreed with President Trump and called his statements false:
However, Trump’s statement was discredited by a number of fact-checking outlets, including Politifact.
The website reported what was sold to Russia was a number of mines, mills and tracts of land in a number of states – including Utah and Wyoming – that ‘equate to about 20 per cent of US uranium production capacity’, but not physical uranium.
Trump’s suggestion that Clinton’s State Department approved the sale [of US uranium mines] in order for the Clinton Foundation to benefit financially was deemed false by the fact checkers, as no evidence of a ‘quid pro quo’ existed.
FactCheck.org and Snopes reached similar conclusions.
So, let’s focus on the accuracy of the 140 character missive rather than the perceived misconduct by the Clintons.
But that’s nothing new.
Democrats get a pass — it comes free with the (D) after their name.
Perhaps it’s just me, but selling 20 percent of US production capacity to the Russians is still problematic.
The Democrats are now saying that the Russians can’t be trusted.
What happened to the ‘Russian Reset’ that Obama and Hillary pushed?
They had encouraged US-Russian business, and some Democrats — like John Podesta and his family — did conduct business with Russia. But when a Republican does it? Whoa! That’s NEWS. Podesta’s questionable behavior while he had close ties to the Clintons? That’s nothing.
Obama’s ‘flexibility’ chat with Medvedev?

Pshaw! That’s nothing — just negotiating Missile Defense with the Russians.
We can parse the President’s tweets, but there does seem to be some some ‘there’ there.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton, sporting a Joker-style outfit, urged her supporters to rise up and resist Donald Trump by any means possible. 
Speaking at the Professional Business Women of California Conference on Tuesday, the former secretary of state urged voters to “resist, insist, persist, enlist.”
To an audience of thousands of fans in San Francisco, Clinton joked about her embarrassing defeat last November, admitting that she still spends hours walking alone in the woods near her house, obsessing over the fact that Trump won. “It’s the kinds of things you think about when you take long walks in the woods.“

Ap.org reports:
She rebuked White House press secretary Sean Spicer, again not by name, for hours earlier Tuesday chiding a black woman journalist during a news conference for shaking her head.
“Too many women have had a lifetime of practice taking this kind of indignity in stride,” Clinton said.
“I mean, it’s not like I didn’t know all the nasty things they were saying about me. I thought some of them were kind of creative,” she said. “But you just have to keep going.”
Clinton declared herself appalled at a much-circulated photo showing an all-male group of Republican lawmakers last month negotiating women’s coverage in health care legislation, noting a social-media parody of it that showed an all-dog panel deciding on feline care.
Last week’s failure of the GOP health care bill, Clinton told a cheering, applauding crowd, was “a victory for all Americans.”
Clinton has kept a low profile after Trump defeated her for the presidency, except chiefly for sightings while she took walks outdoors with her husband, former President Bill Clinton. She said earlier this month that she intended to start speaking out again on public issues.
On Tuesday, she urged voters to resist Trump policies that she said included suspicion of refugees and voter suppression in some areas.
“These are bad policies that will hurt people and take our country in the wrong direction,” Clinton said, relaying what she had become one of her mantras since the November election.
“It’s the kinds of things you think about when you take long walks in the woods,” she said. “Resist, insist, persist, enlist.”



ARTICLE
California has passed the controversial SB18 bill, allowing state authorities to enter unvaccinated children’s homes in order to assess the child’s safety. 
SB18 is a law that forces parents to adhere to and comply with the government’s definition of what is “appropriate” practice when it comes to raising children. Failure to comply with “appropriate” practises, including going against “evidence-based” medical recommendations, can put parents at risk of losing their children.
Healthimpactnews.com reports:
At first blush, the amendments’ defining details of SB18 — which is being pushed by Big Pharma whipping boy Sen. Richard Pan (D-Sacramento) — appear altruistic in nature, utilizing language that attempts to swaddle political overreach in soothing terms like “child bill of rights.” However when taking a closer look, the amendments contain strangely redundant policy that seems to be seeking laws for innocuous rights that already exist, which begs the question, what is the real purpose for this legislation?
For example, section 1 defines the “right for a child’s parents to obtain employment opportunities that promote healthy balance between work and life.” While an obvious statement, are laws currently on the books that do NOT allow parents to promote healthy balance between work and life? Do we really need a law that says this, and does it mean that the state of California will have the right to decide if your job is acceptable enough for you to parent your children?
Moreover, the repeated use of the term “evidence-based” guidelines suggest if parents don’t follow their guidelines they will fall under scrutiny via “home visitation programs.” While the amendments use the term “voluntary” to describe participation in these said visitation programs, what happens if you don’t agree to do so?  Why is Jim Steyer to decide the standards which will take away the rights of parents to make decisions about their lives and the lives of their children?  These are the very serious questions that are going unanswered.
One section in particular that is especially alarming is section 1c, which is as follows:
The rights of a child’s parents to access evidence-based, voluntary home visitation programs such as comprehensive, coordinated home services that are offered to support positive parenting and improve outcomes for families including: improved maternal and child health, prevention of child injuries, child abuse and maltreatment and reduction of emergency department visits, improvement in school readiness and achievement, reduction in crime or domestic violence, improvements in family economic self-sufficiency and improvements in the coordination and referrals for other community resources and support.
Although it is written in legalistic language it is easy to see exactly what Steyer, Pan & company are really saying: Parents must, because a child has rights, allow authorities to implement home visitations to assess living conditions in order to implement medical/educational/occupational and technological standards coordinated with multiple agencies in order to ensure that parents comply with standards as set forth by the state.
“This legislation is frightening on so many levels, and is especially horrific to members of the vaccine-injured community,” said Michelle Ford, President and founder of the Vaccine Injury Awareness League (www.V-IAL.org).
“To imply that parents may have to submit to an in-home visitation program because they may be seeking an alternative to ‘evidence-based theories,’ which could easily be bought science such as mandatory vaccinations, is an outrage,” said Ford, “which is exactly what SB18 is saying. Furthermore, if any of these bureaucrats took one second to understand the life of a vaccine-injured child, which often includes complex diagnoses like tics, head banging and seizures, and what that family goes through when attempting to address these complexities, they would stop this continued push for Californians to comply with a medical utopia that simply does not exist, and instead look at the harm they are causing by injuring children through their egoistic negligence.”
Ford goes on to point out that in the early stages of vaccine injury, parents often seek emergency medical treatment in order to treat and diagnose the horrible symptoms often associated with vaccine injury.  Subjecting families to increased scrutiny of in-home visits during such a stressful time while parents are simply trying to get their heads around what has happened to their kid is unconscionable.
“It definitely paves the way for egregious acts of medical kidnapping and other abuses,” said Ford.
While no one can argue that helping families who are at risk is an important and noble cause, overreaching by taking away the rights of the whole in the name of protecting a few is bad policy making.
Moreover, introduction of this legislation is confusing given that the state already has a department of child protective services which in California has an annual budget of $314 million for 2016-2017 alone. How does introducing additional restrictions on parental decision making without factoring in services that are already available and are possibly misappropriated, in the best interest of the state?
As we have continued to see increased cases of medical kidnapping and aggressive overreach of the medical system and the marriage of scientific opinion to laws in the United States, parents in California may be seeing a trend first hand that is going to be played out in the rest of the nation. Especially since 134 vaccine mandates have been introduced in this legislative session, indicating the trend for political mandates of your child’s standard of care is nowhere near slowing down.
Many have speculated that SB18 is a part of Agenda 21 and Healthy People 2020 — U.N. and U.S.-based initiatives, respectively, that are designed to corral populations into the inner cities and enforce a standard of care across the board that will implement controls that enable governments to manage portions of the population based on their standards and not the choices of the individual.
In the meantime, concerned constituents should raise their voices now in California with their lawmakers, before SB18 and the Steyer brothers tell you how to raise your kids.



ARTICLE
Author Bret Easton Ellis has slammed the “epidemic of moral superiority” and “PC victim culture” of the American left, and accused modern liberal Hollywood of destroying American culture.
Easton Ellis also blasted anti-Trump celebrities including Lena Dunham and Barbra Streisand on his podcast Monday, explaining that the “childish meltdowns” coming out of Hollywood and the mainstream media and an overall culture of “moral superiority” among liberals is contributing to the destruction of the American left.
“Barbra Streisand says she’s gaining weight because of Trump. Lena Dunham says she’s losing weight because of Trump. Really? You’re blaming the president for your own problems and neuroses?” the 53-year-old American Psycho author said on the latest episode of his “Bret Easton Ellis Podcast.”
“You can dislike the fact that Trump was elected, yes, definitely, and yet still understand and accept ultimately that he was elected this time around,” he said, according to a partial transcript of the episode from the Wrap. “Or you can have a complete mental and emotional collapse and let the Trump presidency define you, which I think is absurd. … If you are still losing your sh*t about Trump, I think you should probably go to a shrink and not let the bad man that was elected define your self-victimization and your life. You are letting him win.”
Breitbart report: Ellis also hit actress Meryl Streep over her now-famous anti-Trump Golden Globes speech, explaining that instead of discussing her accomplished film career, she chose instead to again “reinstate” the “moral authority” of the left.
“For some reason I started thinking about the cost of Meryl Streep’s gown at the Golden Globes and the $30 million apartment she had recently put on the market in Greenwich Village,” he said.
In September, the author warned that a “backlash” was beginning to erupt in America against “PC victim culture” and an “epidemic of self-victimization.” In February, Ellis tweeted his surprise that a majority of his companions at a dinner in deep blue West Hollywood had said they were voting for Trump.
During his podcast Monday, Bret Easton Ellis also took aim at what he called an overall “moral superiority movement” born from the left’s “warped” sense of moral authority.
“This faction of the left is touchingly now known as ‘The Resistance,’” he said. “Oh yes, the resistance. What is this resistance? There are posters all over my neighborhood in West Hollywood urging me to resist, resist, resist.”
“Some of us have been wondering: Resist what, exactly?” he added. “And who is telling us to resist whatever? The people who voted for the candidate who lost? I’m supposed to listen to them? Is this a joke? … Well, I’m certainly resisting the childish meltdowns I’ve been witnessing at dinners and on social media and on late night TV and too many times in my own home.”
Bret Easton Ellis said that Trump’s victory had also caused tension in his relationship with his boyfriend, who he said had relapsed into drug use after the election.
“What was happening to my boyfriend was also reflective of the epidemic of moral superiority that has engulfed and is now destroying, eating alive, the American left,” he said.



ARTICLE
Jason Chaffetz has done “the impossible” and pushed a bill through Congress ordering an audit of the Federal Reserve.
The bill will allow for a Congressional audit of the Federal Reserve’s secretive monetary policy, and was opposed by Fed policymakers and Democrats. However it does have President Donald Trump’s approval.
Under the bill, the Fed’s monetary policy deliberations could be subject to outside review by the Government Accountability Office – an unthinkable situation for the Fed’s policymakers, who are used to operating with total impunity, a law unto themselves.
Congress was ordered by President Trump to show more transparency and oversight and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is doing just that. Trey Gowdy is handling the intelligence oversight while Jason Chaffetz is handling the transparency oversight.
Both are infamous for the dealings they had with Hillary Clinton and her private email scandal. Unlike the vast majority of our Representatives, when these two guard dogs bite they don’t let go.
“I applaud this bill, I have been a supporter of this bill for several years now,” Jason Chaffetz said, before stating that it is “irresponsible” not to audit the Federal Reserve.

Zero Hedge report: While similar bills have garnered some support from Democrats in the past, they uniformly spoke against the current proposal during a meeting of the House of Representatives suggesting the current iteration would face stronger resistance from an increasingly polarized environment in Washington D.C..
The House previously passed similar versions of this legislation twice before in 2012 and 2014, with dozens of Democrats joining nearly unanimous Republican support.  That said, those bills both died in the Senate and likely would have faced a Presidential veto from Obama had they survived anyway.
That said, Trump expressed interest in passing such legislation multiple times during the 2016 campaign cycle which means the 3rd time might just be the charm for Republicans.


And while proponents of the bill argue that the Fed wields too much power over the U.S. economy with minimal oversight, opponents assert that Fed decisions should be informed purely by economic indicators and completely insulated from “political pressure”…and we presume those same opponents would argue that Yellen’s decision to wait until just after the conclusion of the 2016 Presidential election to start hiking rates had absolutely nothing to do with politics.
Per Reuters:
Proponents of the measure argue that the Fed is too powerful and lacks sufficient oversight for its interest rate decisions. But Fed officials from Yellen on down, as well as other critics, have warned that such a policy could subject the Fed to undue political pressure and discourage it from taking unpopular steps for the good of the overall economy.
“We should not in any way hinder their independence,” said Representative Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat, echoing the sentiment of Fed policymakers who say they could come under political pressure to avoid making unpopular decisions such as raising interest rates to slow growth and control inflation.
The next step for the bill would be a floor vote by the entire House, where Republicans hold a solid majority, followed by a vote in the Senate, where Republicans hold a narrower majority.



ARTICLE
One of the child victims of pedophile Congressman Anthony Weiner has blasted FBI director James Comey, accusing him of allowing her abuse to continue. 
The 16-year-old girl, who was a minor at the time, claims that she was the victim of an elite government pedophile ring. In an open letter released to the press, the anonymous teen says that elements within the FBI, including its director James Comey, knew all about the abuse of underage children but allowed it to continue as it furthered their own agenda.
Weiner is currently facing up to 15 years in prison for production of child pornography after encouraging the girl to make an explicit sex tape. He is currently negotiating a ‘deal’ with FBI officials to have the charges dropped on the basis that he hands them damning information about the Clinton Foundation.
The full letter to James Comey, signed “Girl that lost her faith in America,” is included below:
Mr. James Comey
FBI Director
I am the 15-year-old (now 16) who was the victim of Anthony Weiner. I now add you to the list of people who have victimized me. I told my story originally to protect other young girls that might be a victim of online predators.
Your letter to Congress has now brought this whole matter back into the media spotlight. Not even 10 minutes after being forensically interviewed with the FBI for seven hours, I received a phone call from a REPORTER asking for a statement. Why didn’t you communicate with the local FBI agents that I had just spoken to? They could have scheduled our interview sooner or scheduled a time to interview me later, or change locations of the interview. My neighborhood has been canvassed by reporters asking for details about me.
In your letter, you chose to use a vague approach, meaning the media had to keep searching to try and find out what evidence you had uncovered and how. Every media outlet from local to national has contacted me and my family to get my “story.” Why couldn’t your letter have waited until after the election, so I would not have to be the center of attention the last week of the election cycle?
In his “cooperation” with you and with his love of the spotlight, Anthony Weiner has given information that led to the media finding me. You have assisted him in further victimizing me on every news outlet. I can only assume that you saw an opportunity for political propaganda.
I thought your job as FBI Director was to protect me. I thought if I cooperated with your investigation, my identity as a minor would be kept secret. That is no longer the case. My family and I are barraged by reporters’ phone calls and emails. I have been even been blamed in a newspaper for causing Donald Trump to now be leading in some polls and costing Hillary the election.
Anthony Weiner is the abuser. Your letter helped that abuse to continue. How can I rebuild my life when you have made finding out my “story” the goal of every reporter? When I meet with my therapist next time, she will already know what we are going to talk about before I get there by reading Friday, October 28th, 2016’s New York Times article.
I may have been Weiner’s victim, but the real story here is that I am a survivor. I am strong, intelligent, and certain that I will come out from under this nightmare, but it will not be as a result of your doing your job to protect me. I hope that by making my letter to you public, you will think about how your actions affect the victims of the crimes you are investigating. The election is important, yes, but what happened to me and how it makes me feel and how others see me, is much more important. It’s time that the FBI Director puts his victims’ rights above political views.
— Girl that lost her faith in America
P.S. To all reporters: AP, FOX, CBS, NBC, and all other media outlets, please respect my position and stop interrupting my life!



ARTICLE
Army Chief, Lt. General Thomas McInerney, says he believes that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are both in clear violation of the Espionage Act.
McInerney appeared on Fox News to discuss #Obamagate and recent revelations made by Rep. Devin Nunes, who confirmed this week that Trump was surveilled by the Obama administration for political gain during the presidential election.
According to McInerney, both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama should be investigated by a special prosecutor to uncover the extent of their criminal activity.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
McInerney: “Fingerprints that are now gonna start coming out that will show that the Obama administration was heavily listening to what was going on in the Trump campaign.
They (Democrats) do not want the Trump administration to start looking in at the violation of the Espionage Act by Hillary Clinton with her rogue server and by the President who used a pseudonym on her rogue server and they are both in violation of the Espionage Act.
They do not want this to come out so they brought up all these other facts out about Russia.
..the unmasking (of Trump people) is another criminal offense…the special prosecutor should start looking at Hillary’s rogue server…”




ARTICLE
Russia has threatened to publish embarrassing and potentially incriminating secrets about the Obama administration, according to an extraordinary statement by the Foreign Ministry. 
According to Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Maria Zakharova, Russia may “publish leaks” about “secrets” the Obama administration pleaded with the Russian government to keep private.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
As per mid.ru:
Question: How do you see the future of Russian-US diplomatic relations in the context of the current atmosphere in Washington? Can you confirm that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will come to Moscow in April?
Maria Zakharova: Apparently, many volumes have been written about the development of Russian-US relations. I announced the release of the Foreign Ministry’s yearend Diplomatic Bulletin and even showed it at the previous briefing. I believe that about 20 per cent of that bulletin was devoted to Russian-US relations, the way we see them, how we want them to develop, what we expect from Washington, what we are willing to do with the United States, the priority areas of cooperation, areas where our cooperation should be revived without delay and the areas where this can wait, at least for a limited time. This issue has been covered in interviews by Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, comments by Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov and in numerous statements made at all levels by representatives from various Russian agencies, political analysts and politicians, as well as officials from the legislative and executive authorities. We can talk about bilateral relations with a different degree of mastery, but we would like to start implementing our relationship at long last.
We provided our views on bilateral relations and the reasons for blocking them under President Obama. We said that we were willing to work with the new US administration, under President Trump. I don’t think we need to invent anything in this respect, because so much has been said before. Simply, we should start concrete practical work. We are ready for this.
You know that we always invite our American colleagues and diplomats to join bilateral or multilateral dialogues on issues in which the United States has traditionally played a big and active role, such as Syria, the consultations in Astana and many others. We expect Washington to formulate its foreign policy approaches in the form of a concept. We are ready for pragmatic and specific work on the principles that we have described many times.
As for the visit by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the information about it, this is what I can say. It’s not a secret that preparations for any visit include the coordination of the time when it can be announced. Visits by foreign ministers are public events that are never kept secret. At least, I don’t know about any secret visits by foreign ministers in Russia or the United States. Preparations for such a visit also include the coordination of the format, agenda and the date it can be announced to the public. It is a matter of propriety and respect for each other’s interests. One side proposes a date, and the other side is expected to accept it. This date should be acceptable to both sides, because the foreign ministers have packed schedules. The issue also concerns the coordination of the agenda by experts. One side informs the other side of the issues it plans to discuss, and the other side needs to respond that the agenda is acceptable. In other words, the sides need to reach agreements on many issues, after which they can announce an upcoming visit. This is how we work with our colleagues.
To tell the truth, over the past few years we’ve seen many strange things happen in Washington in connection with preparations for visits or talks by our foreign ministers. The US Department of State has more than once asked us not to announce planned visits until the last minute. This is not our tradition. We have been operating openly for years, but we have respected the requests we have received from our colleagues in Washington in the past few years. But what happened after that? First, the US Department of State asked us to keep the planned visit quiet and not to announce it until the last possible minute, until we coordinated the date. We did as they asked. But a day or two later the information was leaked by the US State Department and sometimes by the US administration. Frankly, this put Russia and the media in a strange situation, because they didn’t know who to believe – the official agencies or the many leaks.
It is difficult to say if this diplomatic communication is a US tradition or the latest technique. But it definitely doesn’t correspond to our traditions. We believe that everything we coordinate should be made available to the media in accordance with diplomatic procedure. When we coordinate a visit and the date for announcing it, the information should be made public calmly and as agreed. This is what we do in relations with our colleagues from other countries.
As I said, such cases in our relations with the US Department of State have become a bad tradition over the past few years. So, I can say in response to your question that we will make the date and format of contacts between the Russian and US foreign ministers public after we coordinate them. We won’t keep them quiet. At this point, I don’t have any information I can share with you. I can say that this visit and such contacts are possible in principle, but it would be premature to talk about timeframes.
Also, I would like to say that if the practice of leaking information that concerns not just the United States but also Russia, which has become a tradition in Washington in the past few years, continues, there will come a day when the media will publish leaks about the things that Washington asked us to keep secret, for example, things that happened during President Obama’s terms in office. Believe me, this could be very interesting information.
Our American colleagues must decide if they respect the diplomatic procedure, if they keep their word on the arrangements made between us, primarily arrangements made at their own request, or we create a few very nice surprises for each other.
We can only assume that if Obama loyalists still hiding in the White House continue to leak intel, it’s inevitable that Russia will drop a bomb about Obama.



ARTICLE
All Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffers are being asked to resign from their posts following the abysmal Clinton campaign last year. 
At the request of DNC Chairman Tom Perez, all staff are now required to submit their letters of resignation before an April 15 deadline.
Perez hopes the mass exodus of staff will allow the DNC to start with a clean slate and distance the organization from the scandals of the past
According to reports, Leah Daughtry, an adviser to outgoing chair Donna Brazile, formally made the request to staffers. Brazile recently admitted that while she worked for CNN during the 2016 presidential race, she leaked debate questions to Hillary Clinton in order to rig the primaries against Senator Bernie Sanders.
Breitbart.com reports:
The establishment-wing’s Perez is the party’s third leader within months, as the party attempts to recover from a disastrous 2016 election for the Democrats.
More changes are expected in “major staffing and structure changes,” according to the report.
December layoffs brought staff levels to a low point, according to the report.
Former Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz was ousted as the party struggled from the primary election cycle to the general with their nominee Hillary Clinton.
Losing candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders was rumored to have been seeking the ousting of Wasserman Schultz as a consolation in the results after Wasserman Schultz showed favor to Clinton for President over Sanders.
Brazile took over afterward, but news that she leaked questions to Clinton brought more upheaval and eventually the election of Perez.



ARTICLE
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform passed a bill Tuesday allowing Congress to audit the corrupt Federal Reserve. 
The bill was passed by a verbal vote and will now be introduced to the Senate where it will face final approval or rejection.
Under the bill, the Fed’s monetary policy deliberations would be subject to outside review by the Government Accountability Office.
Zerohedge.com reports:
While similar bills have garnered some support from Democrats in the past, they uniformly spoke against the current proposal during a meeting of the House of Representatives suggesting the current iteration would face stronger resistance from an increasingly polarized environment in Washington D.C..
The House previously passed similar versions of this legislation twice before in 2012 and 2014, with dozens of Democrats joining nearly unanimous Republican support.  That said, those bills both died in the Senate and likely would have faced a Presidential veto from Obama had they survived anyway.
That said, Trump expressed interest in passing such legislation multiple times during the 2016 campaign cycle which means the 3rd time might just be the charm for Republicans.


And while proponents of the bill argue that the Fed wields too much power over the U.S. economy with minimal oversight, opponents assert that Fed decisions should be informed purely by economic indicators and completely insulated from “political pressure”…and we presume those same opponents would argue that Yellen’s decision to wait until just after the conclusion of the 2016 Presidential election to start hiking rates had absolutely nothing to do with politics.  Per Reuters:
Proponents of the measure argue that the Fed is too powerful and lacks sufficient oversight for its interest rate decisions. But Fed officials from Yellen on down, as well as other critics, have warned that such a policy could subject the Fed to undue political pressure and discourage it from taking unpopular steps for the good of the overall economy.
“We should not in any way hinder their independence,” said Representative Carolyn Maloney, a New York Democrat, echoing the sentiment of Fed policymakers who say they could come under political pressure to avoid making unpopular decisions such as raising interest rates to slow growth and control inflation.
The next step for the bill would be a floor vote by the entire House, where Republicans hold a solid majority, followed by a Senate vote that would be much more difficult given Republcans’ narrow lead.




ARTICLE
Former US Vice President and war criminal Dick Cheney has claimed that Russia’s (alleged) interference in the 2016 presidential election could be “considered an act of war.”
Cheney, who served for eight years under President George W. Bush, made his remarks during a global business summit in New Delhi on Monday
“There’s not any argument at this stage that somehow the election of President Trump was not legitimate, but there’s no question that there was a very serious effort made by Mr. Putin and his government, his organization, to interfere in major ways with our basic, fundamental democratic processes,” Cheney said, adding that “in some quarters, that would be considered an act of war.”
Cheney, who said he was speaking only for himself, said he believed Russia was flexing its muscles as a global power and also accused Russia of meddling in the U.S.’s strongest treaty alliance.
“He (President Putin) is doing everything he can to find ways to undermine NATO,” Cheney said.
Press TV reports:
During his presidential campaign and afterwards, Trump repeatedly praised Putin and called for closer ties between Washington and Moscow, despite the hacking allegations.
Cheney warned the Trump administration against improving ties with Russia under the leadership of Putin, saying the Russia leader has operated “in ways that none of his predecessors have done for the last 40 years.”
“I would not underestimate the weight that we as Americans assign to the Russian attempts to interfere with our internal political processes,” said Cheney, who served as President George W. Bush’s No. 2.
The US intelligence community has reportedly shared with foreign governments the classified version of their report on what they believe was a Russian plot to help Trump defeat his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.
The Russian president wants to “undermine the perceived validity of the democratic model and try to suggest an authoritarian model is equally valid,” has accused Senator Tim Kaine, Clinton’s vice presidential running mate in last year’s election.
Despite Russia’s alleged cyber attacks of mostly Democratic officials during the US presidential race, several American intelligence officials, however, privately acknowledge there is no evidence that hackers altered the result of the election itself.



ARTICLE
Mississippi has become the first state to comprehensively ban sanctuary cities, ensuring that no local governments have the ability to illegally refuse to help federal government enforce immigration laws. 
Governor Phil Bryant signed Senate Bill 2710 into law Monday morning, which will prohibit towns, counties, or universities from “purposefully defying federal immigration laws.”
“Taxpayers expect their state and its political subdivisions to abide by federal immigration laws,” Gov. Bryant said after final passage by the legislature.
“We should make sure no local governments or state entities have the ability to break our laws, creating jurisdictions of amnesty for illegal aliens,” Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said.
WLOX News reports: Sponsored by Sen. Sean Tindell, R-Gulfport, the bill passed the Senate in a comfortable 32-16 vote. The House vote also passed easily, 76-41.
The new law means a city ordinance in Jackson put in place to prevent racial and ethnic profiling is now null and void. Part of that ordinance stated that police officers couldn’t ask for immigration status.
“It had a beneficial effect on the city of Jackson because other cities go out of their way for law-enforcement agencies to harass immigrants, harass brown people,” noted Mississippi Immigrant Rights Alliance Director Bill Chandler.
Chandler went on to say he didn’t think there was ever a threat of any city in the state becoming a sanctuary city.
Associated Press report: The Trump administration is continuing its tough talk against sanctuary cities, which shelter people living in the country illegally by refusing to help the federal government enforce immigration laws.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says he is “urging states and local jurisdictions to comply with these federal laws.”
He says the Justice Department will require compliance with immigration laws in order for the cities to receive grants through the Office of Justice Programs. The Obama administration had a similar policy in place.
President Trump had said during the campaign that he would “defund” sanctuary cities by taking away their federal funding.
Sanctuary cities include New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, as well as many smaller municipalities.



ARTICLE
Evelyn Farkas, an Obama administration insider, has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on her former comrades, telling MSNBC that she helped spy on Trump for Obama before he left office, and that Trump, not Russians, was the target of the illegal surveillance. 
Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.
They couldn’t have been more wrong. Now shellshocked Obama administration members are starting to rat on each other, trying to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from being the ones to serve jail time.
Evelyn Farkas, advisor to the Clinton campaign and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Obama, has become the latest rat to depart the sinking ship. Speaking to MSNBC, she explicitly confessed that:
Watch the video embedded in the tweet below to hear the Obama administration insider rat on her former boss live on MSNBC. This is what happens when you run a criminal enterprise involving a whole team of collaborators. Some of them crack. Secrets come out in the wash.
https://twitter.com/Daniel_Ohana/status/846406459185418240
Democrats are sweating, squirming and splitting hairs as they try to wriggle out of the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.
Although naive Democrats living in their liberal bubble like to say the Obama presidency didn’t have any scandals, their fantasy world is slowly but surely falling apart.
It’s hard to believe anybody really believes Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower surveillance.
Trump was Obama’s political rival, after all.
Even the most brainwashed liberals know, deep down in their heart of hearts, that Tricky Barry organized the surveillance in order to monitor the Trump campaign. Gaining the FISA warrant and claiming to be targeting imaginary Russians was simply Obama’s way of getting around the law.
But Tricky Barry got caught out. There is no honor among thieves. His comrades have started ratting him out.
This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon got caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.
Evelyn Farkas is merely the latest Democrat to roll over and start squealing. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before they are ripping each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.
Break out the popcorn and get comfortable. The show has begun.



ARTICLE
Saudi Arabia is facing a $6 billion lawsuit by dozens of U.S. insurers who claim the Saudi regime helped fund and orchestrate the 9/11 attacks. 
In a lawsuit filed on Thursday in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, insurers representing the families of 9/11 victims say that elements within the Saudi regime are liable for the attacks which killed nearly 3,000 people.
Reuters.com reports:
Insurers, including Liberty Mutual, Safeco, Wausau and many Lloyd’s syndicates, accused Saudi Arabia and a state-affiliated charity of providing funding and other material support that enabled Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda to conduct the attacks.
The Saudi government has long denied involvement. Lawyers for the government and the charity, the Saudi High Commission for Relief of Bosnia & Herzegovina, on Friday declined to comment or could not immediately be reached for comment.
Saudi Arabia long had broad immunity from Sept. 11 lawsuits in the United States.
That changed in September, when Congress overrode a veto by former President Barack Obama and adopted the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, permitting such lawsuits to proceed.
The insurers said they plan to show that the Sept. 11 attacks were an “act of international terrorism” within the meaning of JASTA. They are seeking more than $2 billion in compensatory damages, plus triple and punitive damages.
At least seven lawsuits were also filed in the Manhattan court on behalf of individuals.
These include a lawsuit on Monday by families of about 800 attack victims, as well as 1,500 people injured after responding to the New York attack.
Until last month, the insurers had been appealing a Sept. 2015 dismissal of their case by U.S. District Judge George Daniels in Manhattan, who oversees many Sept. 11 lawsuits.
But the appeal was vacated after Saudi Arabia, the insurers and other plaintiffs agreed in a joint court filing that JASTA “was intended to apply” to their cases, and that Daniels should review its impact.
The case is The Underwriting Members of Lloyd’s Syndicate 53 et al v. Kingdom of Saudi Arabia et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02129.



ARTICLE
Representative Devin Nunes has confirmed that the Obama administration used intelligence information gathered on Donald Trump for political opposition. 
In an interview Monday, Nunes admitted that intelligence reports were routinely sent to the Obama White House, which included details about the Trump transition, and meetings about Trump and senior advisers.
According to Bloomberg:
In an interview Monday, Nunes told me that he ended up meeting his source on the White House grounds because it was the most convenient secure location with a computer connected to the system that included the reports, which are only distributed within the executive branch.
“We don’t have networked access to these kinds of reports in Congress,” Nunes said. He added that his source was not a White House staffer and was an intelligence official
Most important, Nunes told me these reports were sent to the Obama White House among other executive branch agencies. Nunes until now had only said the reports he viewed were widely distributed inside the government.
“The reports included details about the Trump transition, meetings of Trump and senior advisers, they were distributed throughout the intelligence community and to the White House,” Nunes said. “In some cases, there was additional unmasking of Trump transition team officials.”
This is suggestive, though not yet proof, that White House officials privy to the Russia investigation wanted keep tabs on Trump and his advisers in the period after the election and before his inauguration.
It also fits together with other facts in this story as well. For example, on March 1, the New York Times reported that Obama White House officials sought to preserve intelligence in the final days and weeks of his presidency on Team Trump’s connections to Russia and Russia’s campaign to influence the election. Though Nunes says the reports he viewed had nothing to do with Russia.
If it turns out that intelligence about the Trump transition was included in dozens of reports that were sent to the White House, then the House Intelligence Committee really has two investigations.
The first is of course a probe into how the Russian state meddled in the election and whether it did so with the aid of Trump’s associates or campaign. The second is about whether the Obama White House inappropriately spied on Trump and his advisers during the transition to power.
This could spell a lot of trouble for the former president and the intelligence agencies that allowed it to happen.



ARTICLE
A mother from Texas has revealed how her young daughter was almost snatched by a pedophile ring, whilst they were out shopping for groceries. 
A post by Amanda Cropsey Florczykowski, detailing how her two-year-old daughter was almost snatched by child traffickers during a routine visit to the grocery store, has been shared over 169,000 times on Facebook.
Endoftheamericandream.com reports:
My name is Amanda and I’m a Longview, Texas resident. I’m convinced that our two-year-old daughter was the victim of a potential sex-trafficking scam yesterday.
I got in the check-out line at a local store early afternoon. I took my daughter out of the cart and the couple ahead struck up the typical conversation about how “cute your daughter is” and then asked about her age, repeatedly. I initially was understanding of what I assumed was a cultural barrier, but I quickly became uncomfortable with the woman’s body language and close proximity to my cart/kids. I picked my daughter up only to have the woman ask if she could hold her. The woman was so close at this point that my toddler reached her arms around the woman before I could really respond. In an instant her proximity finally changed and she backed away. I grabbed back on to my daughter as the woman was saying, “Say bye to mommy”—what an unusual comment to provoke a child to say. The woman resisted returning her when I physically pulled my daughter from her arms.
Know their conversation began immediately with me and this all took place over only a few moments. After this couple left, I was really shaken up but still noticed the man a few feet away in my peripheral vision, continuing to stand, by himself, with no groceries, in a closed check-out lane. He faced the opposite direction, but was looking over his shoulder at me; glaring would be an understatement. His eyes did not leave my every move and I confidently matched his stare to show I was aware of his presence. I loudly conversed with the cashier about their security staff and the odd couple that seemed predatory.
I’m thankful to Jesus that He alone protected us! I was able to get out and home safely with my family.
I’ve since researched sex-trafficking and some details were precisely my experience. I want to recount those specifics to create awareness in hopes that you can protect your own children.
—Abductors often work in groups and position themselves throughout the store. Although it wouldn’t appear that these three individuals were shopping together, I am certain this man and couple were a team.
—This couple were of East Indian descent and the man was white and covered in tattoos—all were mid 30s. Beware no matter the color, appearance, age or sex.
—The couple checked out with two items of little value. Something they could easily abandon.
—The woman had alarming proximity to me at times and twice put her hand on my basket. She created one route for me to place my groceries, thus leaving my attention divided between my kids and my task. (I did not place anything on the belt until they left…FYI.)
—I20 is a prominent sex-trafficking route; Longview included.
In fact, the U.S. Department of Justice used the following cities to study sex-trafficking data. Notice the first three.
Dallas,TX
San Antonio, TX
Fort Worth, TX
Salt Lake City, UT
Buffalo, NY
Baton Rouge and New Orleans, LA
Independence, MO
Las Vegas, NV
Clearwater, FL
The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (U.S. Territory)
—Houston is a popular port where these children are sold overseas.
—Abductors often follow you to your car and snatch the willing child they bonded with moments before; all while you put in groceries.
—Abductors can follow you home.
—The cashier remarked that she thought I knew these strangers. Their body language conveyed that to onlookers, which would make an exit convenient.
—I’ve heard this is happening at Target, Walmart and Kmart; often in the mornings/before lunch. Completely true of my experience, but it could happen anywhere.
—Moms shopping alone with kids are targeted. Also true of my experience.
—Although rumor says blonde, fair girls/teens are targets, I’ve yet to find that in my research & my daughter doesn’t fit that description.
—Additionally, little girls AND boys of any age are targets.
The thought of what could have happened is sickening. I’m just like you; a mom, and I hope my experience helps you to be, not fearful, but cautious!
2 Timothy 1:7 “For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.”
My resources:
http://ourrescue.org
http://exoduscry.com
(LPD have been contacted with this report.)
Many people out there do not understand that this has become a silent epidemic in this country.
According to the NCIC, children were reported missing nearly half a million times last year alone…
When a child is reported missing to law enforcement, federal law requires that child be entered into the FBI’s National Crime Information Center, also known as NCIC.
According to the FBI, in 2016 there were 465,676 NCIC entries for missing children.
When we are talking about people that would take little children away from their parents and do unspeakably evil things to them, we are talking about wickedness on a level that defies description. Certainly there have always been child abductions, but today parents have to deal with things that parents a couple of generations ago never even would have thought about.
Growing up in the 1970s and 1980s, my parents would allow me and my siblings to freely wander about our neighborhood and play wherever we wanted. But in 2017 that would be unthinkable.
We live at a time when predators are literally grabbing children right off of the streets. For instance, just consider what almost just happened in Oklahoma. The following is the text of a letter that was sent home to students at one school after one of the students was almost abducted…
This letter is to make you aware of an incident that occurred last evening in the Twin Oaks addition near Washington Irving Elementary, but not far from some West Field subdivisions.
An Edmond student reported that at about 7 p.m. in the 1400 Block of NW 183rd St, a man in a dark colored SUV pulled up to her on the street and made a motion for her to get into the vehicle. The man did not get out of the SUV or make an attempt to touch the student, but because his motive was unclear we felt it important to bring to your attention.
A report of the incident has been filed with Oklahoma City Police. Teachers have been made aware of this incident as well and have been asked to be extra vigilant and watchful on duty as always.
Please review safety procedures with your child (especially those who walk home or ride the bus), and if you see anything suspicious, report it to the Oklahoma City Police Department.
Instead of endlessly talking about politics, the mainstream news should spend a lot more time focusing on things like this that really matter.
And we should push for laws that will ensure that predators and traffickers that victimize children get locked up permanently.
Having a child abducted is one of the most horrifying things that can ever happen to a parent, and my hope is that our national leaders will start to take this issue a lot more seriously.



ARTICLE
John Podesta is facing jail time after it was revealed the former Clinton campaign manager broke federal law by covering up the fact he owned tens of thousands of shares in a Russian bank.
By not declaring the 75,000 Kremlin-backed stock shares before joining Obama’s White House as a special counsellor, Podesta broke federal law.
His fate now lies in the hands of U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Title 5 of the U.S. Code stipulates the Attorney General can file a civil action “against any individual who knowingly and willfully falsifies or who knowingly and willfully fails to file or report any information that such individual is required to report.”
Daily Caller reports: Joule Unlimited Technologies — financed in part by a Russian firm — originally awarded Podesta 100,000 shares of stock options when in 2010 he joined that board along with its Dutch-based entities: Joule Global Holdings, BV and the Stichting Joule Global Foundation.
When Podesta announced his departure from the Joule board in January 2014 to become President Obama’s special counsellor, the company officially issued him 75,000 common shares of stock.
The Schedule B section of the federal government’s form 278 which — requires financial disclosures for government officials — required Podesta to “report any purchase, sale or exchange by you, your spouse, or dependent children…of any property, stocks, bonds, commodity futures and other securities when the amount of the transaction exceeded $1,000.”
Podesta’s form 278 Schedule B is blank regarding his receipt of any stock from any company.
Liberals and conservatives alike agree that Podesta should have disclosed the stock.
“Well Podesta should certainly have been more upfront in filling this out.  Clearly, it should have been fully disclosed,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the liberal group Public Citizen which was founded by Ralph Nader.  “That’s the point of the personal financial disclosure forms, especially for anyone entering the White House,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.
“If the transfer of stock took place, it had to be disclosed,” added former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova in an interview. “If he didn’t, clearly it’s a violation.”
The same year Podesta joined Joule, the company agreed to accept 1-Billion-Rubles — or $35 million — from Rusnano, a state-run and financed Russian company with close ties to President Vladimir Putin.
Anatoly Chubais, the company CEO and two other top Russian banking executives worked together with Podesta on the Joule boards. The board met six times a year.
Ron Hosko, a former FBI assistant director said because of the Kremlin backing, it was essential Podesta disclose the financial benefits he received from the company.
“I think in this case where you’re talking about foreign interests and foreign involvement, the collateral interest with these disclosure forms is put in the forefront of full disclosure of any foreign interest that you may have,” he told TheDCNF in an interview.
He added that Russian money was a continuing concern because it could “become a counterintelligence concern for America.”
“It’s a troubled question if you deliberately omit this information on the form,” Hosko, a 30-year veteran of the FBI told TheDCNF. “Were you completely truthful on this form that you filled out, yes or no?”
Podesta took possession of the stock in January 2014, the same month he entered the White House, according to WikiLeaks.
The existence of the 75,000 shares of Joule stock was first revealed by the Government Accountability Institute report issued last year.



ARTICLE
An NBC news report claims that Hillary Clinton, while secretary of state, shut down an investigation into an elite pedophile ring in State Department ranks in order to avoid scandal and protect the careers of high ranking officials and an ambassador. 
The NBC investigation was broadcast at a time when they were a real news organization rather than a branch of the Democratic Party’s PR department, and provided internal State Department memos to back up claims of a massive Hillary Clinton elite pedophile ring cover-up.
“Serious allegations concerning the State Department,” the NBC anchor announced, before launching into the disturbing details that mainstream media would be unable to report on in 2017.
“According to internal State Department memos the agency might have called off or intervened into investigations into possibly illegal, inappropriate behavior within it’s ranks allegedly to protect jobs and avoid scandals.
“This concerns a time when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.”

“There is an old saying in Washington that the cover-up is worse than the crime. But in this case both parts of it are disturbing,” Chuck Todd continued.
“Allegations of prostitution and pedophilia, and allegations that those crimes were somehow covered up or not looked into. So the State Department this morning is having to respond to those claims, and those investigations involve misconduct by State Department officials, including an Ambassador and security agents attached to then secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. 
“The allegations are that these investigations were whitewashed, quashed altogether, and that those orders came from high up.”
“NBC has obtained documents relating to ongoing investigations into some disturbing allegations involving State Department personnel and at least one ambassador. A State Department memo says, quote, “the Ambassador routinely ditched his protective security detail in order to solicit sexual favors from both prostitutes and minor children. 
“The memo also says a top State Department official directed State Department investigators to “cease the investigation” into the ambassador’s conduct.” It’s just one of what another document describes as “several examples of undue influence” from top State Department officials.”
Elite pedophile ring
In contrast to Clinton’s cover-up, President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking earlier this month and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”
The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.
Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”
“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”




ARTICLE
Government watchdog Judicial Watch has filed a new Hillary Clinton email lawsuit in the wake of the Obama administration covering up her crimes.
According to the lawsuit, Hillary Clinton’s illegal email practises were wilfully ignored by the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of State.
Judicial Watch reports:
So we have filed suit against the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Department of State to require them to conduct, as required by law, an assessment and prepare a report on how and whether Hillary Rodham Clinton’s email practices as U.S. secretary of state damaged national security.
The suit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, cites the requirement in Intelligence Community Directive (“ICD”) 732, issued on June 27, 2014, that a damage assessment be conducted whenever there is “an actual or suspected unauthorized disclosure or compromise of classified national intelligence that may cause damage to U.S. national security” ICD 732(D)(2) (Judicial Watch v. Office of the Director of National Intelligence et al. (No. 1:17-cv-00508)).
The suit specifically refers to FBI Director James Comey’s devastating statement on July 5, 2016, concerning Clinton’s use of an unsecure email account while conducting official State Department business:
From the group of 30,000 e-mails returned to the State Department, 110 emails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification.
Despite the FBI findings and the requirements of Intelligence Community Directive 732, however, the suit argues that: “On or about September 14, 2016, ODNI announced that no Intelligence Community-wide damage assessment into Secretary Clinton’s email practices would be conducted and that no individual Intelligence Community member would conduct such an assessment.”
In addition to the ODNI and the State Department, the suit names Michael Dempsey in his official capacity as acting director of national intelligence, William Evanina in his official capacity as national counterintelligence executive, and Rex W. Tillerson in his official capacity as U.S. secretary of state.
Judicial Watch has made repeated requests for information concerning any intelligence investigation of Clinton’s email practices:
We have received no response to our January request for a damage assessment, and we’re not aware of any report or announcement indicating that the assessment and resulting report required by ICD 732 has been conducted or prepared.  Judicial Watch is therefore asking the court to:
[O]rder Defendants to conduct the required damage assessment and prepare a report in accordance with ICD 732 …
The Obama administration conspired with Hillary Clinton regarding her emails, so it is no surprise that Obama officials wouldn’t want to hold her to account for her mishandling of classified materials. This new JW lawsuit is an opportunity for the Trump administration to get back to basics on the Clinton email scandal and find out what damage was done to our national security as a result of her illicit email practices.



ARTICLE
Dramatic footage of an Oklahoma cop running over a female fugitive using his patrol car sent shockwaves across the internet last week after Tulsa police released disturbing dashcam footage. 
In the footage, a Tulsa cop is seen mowing down a 21-year-old woman who subsequently died from her injuries.
Madison Dickson was wanted for a string of gun-related crimes, according to reports, and was subject to a high-speed chase after opening fire on officers.
Thedailysheeple.com reports:
Prosecutors charged Dickson with shooting with intent to kill, two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon, unauthorized use of a vehicle, attempted larceny, and discharging a firearm in a public place from incidents on March 11 and March 12.
Police were reportedly desperate to apprehend Dickson, who was accused of shooting a man in the head on Thursday night and causing him to crash his car. The man is still hospitalized and is in critical condition. She also reportedly shot a woman in the arm at a Walgreens store and fired her gun during a robbery at a Best Buy.
Last Saturday, officers found Dickson at an apartment at 81st Street and Sheridan Road, police spokesman Leland Ashley said. Dickson then got into a pickup truck as a passenger and fled from the officers, Ashley told Tulsa World.
Authorities allege that Dickson eventually got out of the vehicle and fired several shots at police. Two officers returned fire, but Dickson was not hit, reports KFOR.
The dash camera footage shows Dickson running and pointing what investigators said is a gun at the patrol car.
Then Tulsa officer Jonathan Grafton deliberately steered his car into her as she ran alongside a sidewalk next to an elementary school.
Dickson appeared to be yelling before she’s struck by the police cruiser. She is then seen falling and going beneath the vehicle.

The Tulsa Police Department says Grafton did intentionally run Dickson over as she fired at Officer Kayla Johnson and Det. Ronnie Leatherman. Grafton is on paid leave, reports the Associated Press.
Two other police officers are on routine leave until the criminal and internal investigations into the incident are complete. The district attorney will determine whether the use of force was justified, reports NewsOn6.
Dickson may have been involved with the Irish Mob, reports Tulsa World, and had struggled with drug addiction.



ARTICLE
Days after Trey Gowdy put the Washington D.C. elite pedophile ring on notice, members of Congress have called upon the FBI and Department of Justice to investigate the epidemic of missing young people in the nation’s capital – as a matter of urgency. 
Washington D.C. police have also suggested the elite pedophile ring has been in operation in the nation’s capital “for a long time.” Speaking to a community group, a police chief said “The disturbing fact is we do have that many kids that go missing in our city and it’s been that way for a long time.”
D.C. police have urged young people to “stay home” in order to avoid becoming the latest victims of the elite pedophile sex trafficking epidemic that is plaguing the nation’s capital.
The extraordinary advice from D.C. police comes days after the first Democrat elected official pleaded guilty to raping a child, and adds weight to President Trump’s claim that the nation’s capital is suffering from an unprecedented sex trafficking plague.
Missing children have become a hot topic in Washington D.C. this year after a huge spike in the number of teens and children going missing coincided with claims that an elite pedophile ring is operating in the city.

The number of missing children in and around Washington D.C. is so high it is simply unfathomable.
Members of Congress have finally begun to act, spurred by the anger of their constituents and work by the alternative media in highlighting the problem. “Ten children of color went missing in our nation’s capital in a period of two weeks and at first garnered very little media attention. That’s deeply disturbing,” reads a letter signed this week by Congressional Black Caucus chairman Cedric Richmond and Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton. It calls upon the Justice Department and FBI to investigate and “return these children to their parents as soon as possible.”

At a meeting at a neighborhood school on Wednesday, the co-founder of the Black and Missing Foundation suggested the human trafficking ring that President Trump has vowed to destroy could be preying on low income teens and runaways.
[Trey Gowdy Fights Tears As He Vows To Destroy Elite Pedophile Ring]
“There has got to be an enormous investigation that starts today, trying to figure out what has happened to all these missing girls in Washington,” Harvey Levin from TMZ said in a video post yesterday. “I was around and a reporter during the Hillside Strangler case and I remember women started disappearing. People didn’t jump on it fast enough. People died as a result. That shouldn’t happen again. A couple of dozen young black girls, there is some pattern here, have gone missing in the Washington D.C. area. This has got to be investigated on every level. The dots need to be connected.“

Comedian DL Hughly also slammed law enforcement and mainstream media for focusing on the wrong issues. If only the teenagers missing in Washington, DC, were wearing Super Bowl jerseys, he said, they might be found as quickly as Tom Brady’s lucky shirt.




ARTICLE
The DEA has approved a dangerous type of synthetic marijuana produced by Big Pharma to sell to members of the public. 
The Drug Enforcement Administration gave the new fake marijuana drug ‘Syndros’ a schedule II classification, meaning that pharmaceutical company Insys Therapeutics can begin selling the drug to the public, despite the fact that studies have shown that real marijuana is safer and more effective at treating various illnesses.
According to reports last year, synthetic marijuana became a huge problem in New York City, after users reported going into a zombie-like state after consuming it. 
Rt.com reports:
“Insys is looking forward to bringing this new drug product to chemotherapy patients to help alleviate their nausea and vomiting and AIDS patients with anorexia associated weight loss, respectively,” Dr. Santosh Vetticaden, interim CEO, said in the announcement.
“We look forward to interacting with the FDA to finalize the labeling and subsequent launch of Syndros in the second half of 2017,” Vetticaden said.
Syndros is a synthetic version of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the main psychoactive component in the plant. In July 206, the company announced the FDA approved their liquid form of synthetic THC to treat anorexia associated AIDS patients, and nausea and vomiting induced by cancer patients going through chemotherapy.
The DEA approval placed Syndros and its generic formulations in schedule II of the CSA, which is reserved for drugs that have “a high potential for abuse, with use potentially leading to severe psychological or physical dependence.”
While some Schedule II drugs can be used for medical purposes, like Vicodin, oxycodone, Adderall, and many prescription painkillers, Schedule I drugs are all federally illegal. Non-synthetic marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which is reserved for drugs that have “no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse.”
In 2011, Insys wrote a letter to the DEA, urging them to maintain the Schedule I status for non-synthetic marijuana, citing “a longstanding policy of the United States to disfavor domestic cultivation of narcotic raw materials because of concerns about the abuse potential from farming of this material.”
Insys also opposed legalization in Arizona, donating $500,000 to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, a group opposing Proposition 205, an initiative to legalize and regulate marijuana like alcohol in Arizona.
In a statement, Insys said it opposed Prop 205, “because it fails to protect the safety of Arizona’s citizens, and particularly its children,” according to the Arizona Republic.
The proposition was narrowly defeated in the state, meaning users in Arizona could face felony charges for possessing even small amounts of the plant.
JP Holyoak, chairman of the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol in Arizona, says Insys funded the opposition “to kill a non-pharmaceutical market for marijuana in order to line their own pockets,” according to the Washington Post.
In 2007, Insys filed a disclosure statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, directly stating that marijuana legalization would threaten their products.
“If marijuana or non-synthetic cannabinoids were legalized in the United States, the market for dronabinol product sales would likely be significantly reduced and our ability to generate revenue and our business prospects would be materially adversely affected,” the company said.
The company is currently under investigation for illegally marketing Fentanyl, an opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin, which has been linked to the death of Prince last year.
In December, several executives at the company were arrested and the CEO was forced to step down after they were charged with using speakers fees to entice doctors to prescribe Subsys, a medication for cancer patients that contains Fentanyl.
“You have a company using profits from the sale of what has been called ‘the most potent and dangerous opioid on the market’ to prevent adults from using a far less harmful substance,” Holyoak said according to the Arizona Republic.




ARTICLE
Congress will aggressively pursue the criminal politicians who leaked classified information about President Trump, they announced on Friday. 
Three House judiciary Committee Republicans are demanding that U.S. intelligence officials immediately find those responsible for the leaks using the full force of the law.
“Congress, as the people’s representative body, has the responsibility to ensure proper measures are being taken to prevent any unauthorized disclosures of classified information,” House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte wrote in a letter.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
Judiciary Committee lawmakers generally leave oversight of the intelligence community to their colleagues on the congressional intelligence committees. But they reminded Attorney General Jeff Sessions, heads of the FBI, CIA, NSA, and the director of national intelligence of their jurisdiction over the federal law that authorizes some of the most expansive surveillance programs.
That law is more than an entry ramp for the lawmakers to get into the debate about Russian interference in the 2016 election — it’s a requirement that they do so, because one of the most controversial programs in the law is set to expire at the end of the year.
“The unlawful dissemination of classified information undercuts the integrity of these programs and jeopardizes their continued existence,” they wrote. “This and other unauthorized and felonious disclosures – past and present – are increasingly casting a pall over not only our country’s intelligence apparatus but also the American people’s trust in the efficacy and integrity of the intelligence community and the programs utilized.”
Leak details of conversations between Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak and Trump’s national security adviser, Mike Flynn, led to the retired general’s ouster from the White House. Although Trump fired Flynn, who had lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the details of his conversations with Kislyak, he urged reporters to focus on the existence of the leaks rather than questions about his team’s connections with Russian officials. “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?” he tweeted.
Trump went on to claim that then-President Barack Obama had Trump Tower wiretapped during the 2016 elections. “The department has no information that supports those tweets,” FBI Director James Comey told the House Intelligence Committee on Monday.
Trump’s original claim appeared to be rooted in reports that a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court had approved a warrant to allow investigators to probe links between the president’s associates and Russian officials. Comey confirmed to lawmakers that an investigation of those alleged ties is underway.
But Gowdy warned Comey that leaks of information about Americans, even if collected in the course of spying on foreign targets, might undermine support for the programs used to conduct that foreign surveillance. Although the FBI director condemned the leaks, he declined to commit to investigate the leaks for fear of “compound[ing] what bad people have done and confirm something that’s in the newspaper.”
The Judiciary Committee lawmakers warned he might not have a choice, particularly given that a major surveillance program will expire with congressional reauthorization this year.
“Because of the aforementioned unauthorized disclosures, many members of Congress are distrustful of these capabilities and fear the consequences if wrongdoers within the government continue to disseminate information feloniously,” they wrote. “[W]e ask you brief us on any efforts made by your agencies to identify those who feloniously disseminate classified or otherwise legally protected information and bring them to justice. ‘Unnamed government sources’ leaking confidential information, whether the information is accurate or not, is detrimental to our national security and cannot be tolerated.”



ARTICLE
A desperate John McCain has urged President Trump to meet with him, as numerous scandals about the Republican Senator threatens his future as a politician.
Earlier this year, McCain admitted that he had committed treason in an attempt to prevent Donald Trump from taking office:
The Senator revealed that he passed the fake Russian dossier claiming that Donald Trump was into “golden showers” over to the FBI in order to try and overturn his election win.
This was followed by a series of embarrassing, career-destroying scandals that has seen his future as a politician come under question. These revelations include one of McCain’s closest aides being arrested for raping children, McCain leaking national security information to Russian hackers, and McCain accusing Rand Paul of working directly for Vladimir Putin.
‘The senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin!‘ an out-of-control McCain screamed after berating his GOP colleague for several excruciating minutes.
The Republican Senator has now asked Trump to reach out to him and other treasonous Democrats in order to “find common ground.”
Thedailybeast.com reports:
“Do some outreach. Get to know some of these Democratic leaders,” he said. “You can find common ground.” McCain said he’d met Trump “some years ago” when he was a businessman, but had not met him since. McCain said he did speak “almost daily” to National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, however.
“He doesn’t seem to be that upset that he’s not talking to him,” said German Marshall Fund’s Derek Chollet, a former Obama Pentagon official. “He’s trying to run U.S. defense policy through Mattis and effectively ignore Trump.”
The White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The senior Republican and vociferous Trump critic said Trump’s tweet storms had caused “a great deal of uncertainty” about who advises the president. “Who drives the tweets at 6am in the morning?” he said, speaking at the German Marshall Fund’s Brussels Forum. He also expressed concerns, as head of the Senate Armed Services Committee, about the Trump campaign’s alleged ties to Moscow, and repeated his call for an independent committee to investigate such matters after House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes disclosed that he thought Trump’s communications may have been inadvertently listened to by the FBI, without sharing that with other committee members or disclosing his source. “I have significant concerns about the intelligence committee’s ability to get to the bottom of this issue,” McCain said. “We need a select committee.”
However, McCain emphasized that ongoing controversy shouldn’t prevent the president from ever meeting with Russian counterparts.
“There’s nothing wrong with meetings,” the senator said. “At the height of the Cold War, (U.S. President) Ronald Reagan and (Soviet leader) Leonid Brezhnev met.” The proponent of Trump’s defense spending boost said the Trump needed to go to the meeting with a “strong hand” including “strong and growing military capabilities.”



ARTICLE
A big pharma company that provided significant financial support for the opposition against legal marijuana in Arizona, has just received approval from the DEA for a synthetic marijuana drug.
Insys Therapeutics who donated $500,000 to a campaign opposing marijuana legalization in Arizona last year, won preliminary approval for Syndros, a synthetic form of THC that treats vomiting and nausea in cancer and AIDS patients
The synthetic marijuana product could be available for commercialization later this year.
RT reports:
On Thursday, Insys Therapeutics announced that the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) issued an interim final rule that would put Syndros, their synthetic marijuana drug, on Schedule II of the Controlled Substances Act (CSA).
“Insys is looking forward to bringing this new drug product to chemotherapy patients to help alleviate their nausea and vomiting and AIDS patients with anorexia associated weight loss, respectively,” Dr. Santosh Vetticaden, interim CEO, said in the announcement.
“We look forward to interacting with the FDA to finalize the labeling and subsequent launch of Syndros in the second half of 2017,” Vetticaden said.
Syndros is a synthetic version of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the main psychoactive component in the plant. In July 206, the company announced the FDA approved their liquid form of synthetic THC to treat anorexia associated AIDS patients, and nausea and vomiting induced by cancer patients going through chemotherapy.
The DEA approval placed Syndros and its generic formulations in schedule II of the CSA, which is reserved for drugs that have “a high potential for abuse, with use potentially leading to severe psychological or physical dependence.”
While some Schedule II drugs can be used for medical purposes, like Vicodin, oxycodone, Adderall, and many prescription painkillers, Schedule I drugs are all federally illegal. Non-synthetic marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which is reserved for drugs that have “no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse.”
In 2011, Insys wrote a letter to the DEA, urging them to maintain the Schedule I status for non-synthetic marijuana, citing “a longstanding policy of the United States to disfavor domestic cultivation of narcotic raw materials because of concerns about the abuse potential from farming of this material.”
Insys also opposed legalization in Arizona, donating $500,000 to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, a group opposing Proposition 205, an initiative to legalize and regulate marijuana like alcohol in Arizona.
In a statement, Insys said it opposed Prop 205, “because it fails to protect the safety of Arizona’s citizens, and particularly its children,” according to the Arizona Republic.
The proposition was narrowly defeated in the state, meaning users in Arizona could face felony charges for possessing even small amounts of the plant.
JP Holyoak, chairman of the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol in Arizona, says Insys funded the opposition “to kill a non-pharmaceutical market for marijuana in order to line their own pockets,” according to the Washington Post.
In 2007, Insys filed a disclosure statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, directly stating that marijuana legalization would threaten their products.
“If marijuana or non-synthetic cannabinoids were legalized in the United States, the market for dronabinol product sales would likely be significantly reduced and our ability to generate revenue and our business prospects would be materially adversely affected,” the company said.
The company is currently under investigation for illegally marketing Fentanyl, an opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin, which has been linked to the death of Prince last year.
In December, several executives at the company were arrested and the CEO was forced to step down after they were charged with using speakers fees to entice doctors to prescribe Subsys, a medication for cancer patients that contains Fentanyl.
“You have a company using profits from the sale of what has been called ‘the most potent and dangerous opioid on the market’ to prevent adults from using a far less harmful substance,” Holyoak said according to the Arizona Republic.



ARTICLE
The mainstream media knew Obama spied on Trump and reported on it for months. Then when President Trump called Obama and the media on it in a series on tweets, pointing out the fact it was illegal, the mainstream media quickly changed their tune and began the big cover up.
The proof is in black and white. Mainstream media have damned themselves with their own newsprint. In fact, as you’ll see below, for two reasons, the media was overjoyed that this spying had occurred: (1) they got scoops damaging to Trump, and (2) in their partisan and cultish minds, the very fact that the oh-so pure Obama administration felt the need to spy, could only mean Trump was in bed with Putin.
In fact, the media was actually having a big public party using Obama’s spying. Hoo-hah here’s a scoop! Whee-hee Flynn said this! Woo-woo palace intrigue! Ha-haaah here’s what so-and-so said! Tra-la-la here’s what so-and-so did!
As Daily Wire reports: on March 4, in a series of tweets that had the exact same effect as political nukes, Trump himself confirmed what the media had already told us – that the Obama administration had spied on him and his team.
Trump’s brilliance was focusing on the sleazy and illegal act of the actual spying. And this is when the media realized that all their ha-has and tra-la-las were about to backfire. Their Precious Barry was now at risk, and so the shameless cover up and lying began …
Suddenly, right around 8 a.m. on Saturday, March 4, the conventional wisdom and public knowledge that the Obama administration had spied on Trump, was surrounded by the media’s semantic wagons which were manned by lying journalists armed with hair-splitting. I don’t want to go through all that again, so you can read why Trump told the 100% truth in the first section of this piece. The bottom line, though, is this …
Trump accused Obama of spying on him.
Obama did spy on Trump.
The media knew Obama spied on Trump.
The media lied and covered up the fact that Obama spied on Trump.
We know this with absolute certainty because the media itself spent months telling us so. And here is all the proof you will ever need to make that case … [emphasis mine throughout]
1. Heat Street – November 7, 2016
EXCLUSIVE: FBI ‘Granted FISA Warrant’ Covering Trump Camp’s Ties To Russia
Two separate sources with links to the counter-intelligence community have confirmed to Heat Street that the FBI sought, and was granted, a FISA court warrant in October, giving counter-intelligence permission to examine the activities of ‘U.S. persons’ in Donald Trump’s campaign with ties to Russia.
So let’s stop for a moment to make a couple of things clear. The FBI reports to the Department of Justice, which at the time was run by Obama’s highly politicized Attorney General, Loretta Lynch. The author of this piece, Louise Mensch, despises Trump, and if you’ll look at the publication date, she dropped this supposed bombshell the night before the election, and did so for reasons I should not have to explain.
You are now asking yourselves: Who the hell is Heat Street and how does this prove anything? That’s a fair question, let me answer it this way: As you’ll see below, this report of the Obama administration asking for and receiving a surveillance warrant to monitor Team Trump is confirmed by a number of other MSM sources.
Moreover, no less than The New York Times re-published this information as recently as last weekend.
2. The Guardian – January 11, 2017
The Guardian has learned that the FBI applied for a warrant from the foreign intelligence surveillance (Fisa) court over the summer in order to monitor four members of the Trump team suspected of irregular contacts with Russian officials. The Fisa court turned down the application asking FBI counter-intelligence investigators to narrow its focus. According to one report, the FBI was finally granted a warrant in October, but that has not been confirmed, and it is not clear whether any warrant led to a full investigation.
The left-wing Guardian not only reported that the Obama administration sought a surveillance warrant, but that it was specifically requested to “monitor four members of the Trump team.” This was the summer request, as reported by Heat Street, that was turned down.
3. The New York Times – January 12, 2017
In its final days, the Obama administration has expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government’s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections.
The new rules significantly relax longstanding limits on what the N.S.A. may do with the information gathered by its most powerful surveillance operations, which are largely unregulated by American wiretapping laws. These include collecting satellite transmissions, phone calls and emails that cross network switches abroad, and messages between people abroad that cross domestic network switches.
The change means that far more officials will be searching through raw data. Essentially, the government is reducing the risk that the N.S.A. will fail to recognize that a piece of information would be valuable to another agency, but increasing the risk that officials will see private information about innocent people.
This is the most important piece of the puzzle, because it explains how the media was getting all of its scoops via leaks via surveillance. Moreover, it explains how the media knew it was getting all these scoops via leaks via surveillance.
If you are not the target of the surveillance, if your name is not on the FISA warrant, if you are “incidentally” picked up in surveillance, in order to protect your privacy as guaranteed by the Fourth Amendment, the government is required by law to mask or blackout your name in its reports.
Just before running out the door, the Obama administration unilaterally changed the law in a way that allowed surveillance intel to be disseminated throughout all 16 national security agencies “before applying privacy protections” – and this includes surveillance picked up by the NSA, which is “largely unregulated by American wiretapping laws[.]”
Let me explain what happens …
Hoo-ha, lookie-lookie at what we “incidentally” picked up at Trump Tower. But thanks to Precious Barry, I don’t have to black out this “incidental juiciness” before I send it out to 16 whole agencies. Golly gee, now that we can spread this far and wide without masking all the “incidental juiciness,” I sure hope it doesn’t end up in the hands of someone Obama appointee who likes all those tweets Jake Tapper sends out kissing the Intelligence Community’s ass.
Hey, if anyone has another theory for why the Obama administration would make such a change just as the Trump administration was coming in, I’m all ears.
But you don’t. Because there is no other theory. The only reason to authorize the spreading far and wide of these “incidental” names is to better the chances of Trump-related leaks to the hostile media.
Not to get too far off track, but welcome to a banana republic where secret and unlawful surveillance is leaked to the public for partisan purposes.
4. The BBC – January 17, 2017
Lawyers from the National Security Division in the Department of Justice then drew up an application. They took it to the secret US court that deals with intelligence, the Fisa court, named after the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. They wanted permission to intercept the electronic records from two Russian banks.
Their first application, in June, was rejected outright by the judge. They returned with a more narrowly drawn order in July and were rejected again. Finally, before a new judge, the order was granted, on 15 October, three weeks before election day.
Neither Mr Trump nor his associates are named in the Fisa order, which would only cover foreign citizens or foreign entities – in this case the Russian banks. But ultimately, the investigation is looking for transfers of money from Russia to the United States, each one, if proved, a felony offence.
A lawyer – outside the Department of Justice but familiar with the case – told me that three of Mr. Trump’s associates were the subject of the inquiry. “But it’s clear this is about Trump,” he said.
The left-wing BBC not only backs up the Heat Street reporting but publishes the news that “three of Trump’s associates” were part of this surveillance operation.
5. McClatchy – January 18, 2017
The agencies involved in the inquiry are the FBI, the CIA, the National Security Agency, the Justice Department, the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and representatives of the director of national intelligence, the sources said. …
A key mission of the six-agency group has been to examine who financed the email hacks of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The London-based transparency group WikiLeaks released the emails last summer and in October.
The working group is scrutinizing the activities of a few Americans who were affiliated with Trump’s campaign or his business empire and of multiple individuals from Russia and other former Soviet nations.
The BBC reported that the FBI had obtained a warrant on Oct. 15 from the highly secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court allowing investigators access to bank records and other documents about potential payments and money transfers related to Russia. One of McClatchy’s sources confirmed the report.
Surveillance warrant.
“Americans associated with Trump[.]”
Even after eight years of Obama, two plus two still equals four.
6. The New York Times – Jan 19, 2017
Print headline: “Wiretapped Data Used In Inquiry of Trump Aides” …
The F.B.I. is leading the investigations, aided by the National Security Agency, the C.I.A. and the Treasury Department’s financial crimes unit. The investigators have accelerated their efforts in recent weeks but have found no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing, the officials said. One official said intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House.
The Obama administration is investigating Trump.
The White House is looking at intelligence based on “wiretapped communications.”
This is The New York Times, y’all. This is the secular media’s Bible, their Gaia, their Sacrament of all that is Right and True, and that Bible laid it all out in the exact same language used by Trump.
7. The Washington Post – February 9, 2017
Headline: “National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say”
National security adviser Michael Flynn privately discussed U.S. sanction sagainst Russia with that country’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Trump took office, contrary to public assertions by Trump officials, current and former U.S. officials said.
Flynn’s communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak were interpreted by some senior U.S. officials as an inappropriate and potentially illegal signal to the Kremlin that it could expect a reprieve from sanctions that were being imposed by the Obama administration in late December to punish Russia for its alleged interference in the 2016 election.
The Washington Post says it loud and says it proud that the month prior to Trump taking office, the Obama administration listened to Flynn’s phone calls. It should be added that the report also says that Flynn said nothing unethical or wrong.
Maybe the FISA warrant targeted the Russian ambassador. Nevertheless, once Flynn’s name was unmasked, disseminated and publicly leaked, at least two felonies had occurred – and incidental (yeah, right) or not, once all that happened, what the Obama administration did is called SPYING.
Let’s also add to the mix the juicy fact that several members of the Obama administration had access to this unmasked information about Flynn.
8. CNN – February 14, 2017
Washington Post columnist David Ignatius cited a single “senior U.S. government official” while reporting that “Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29, the day the Obama administration announced the expulsion of 35 Russian officials as well as other measures in retaliation for the hacking.” …
Last Thursday, The Post cited “nine current and former officials” in a story headlined “National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say.”
The New York Times quickly matched the story and said there was a transcript of the discussions.
The chronology suggests that some officials in the government sought to alert the public to Flynn’s contacts by leaking to the press.
This is CNN, the same network that for three weeks now has smeared Trump as a liar over his claim Obama spied on him – and yet, this very same CNN  is seen here celebrating the fact that Mike Flynn was taken down by – read closely now – the Obama administration intercepting Flynn’s phone calls, including a possible TRANSCRIPT.
Riddle me this, CNN: How did the Obama administration get a transcript of a phone call from a member of Trump’s team, a team that was working out of Trump Tower? I mean, other than a wiretap?
Two more questions: Was Flynn’s name on the FISA warrant? And if not, why didn’t the Obama administration mask his name, as required by law?
Either way, what we have here is CNN not only reporting that the Obama administration spied on Team Trump, but GLOATING over the fact that Obama’s spying resulted in a scalp.
And then, just three weeks later, CNN would call Trump a liar for believing what? … CNN’s reporting!
9. NBC News – February 10, 2017
A U.S. intelligence official briefed on the matter confirmed to NBC News that National Security Advisor Mike Flynn discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador before Flynn took office[.]
The official said he was told there was no quid pro quo and that there has been no finding inside the government that Flynn did anything illegal. …
Flynn spoke to Kislyak on Dec. 29, the same day the sanctions were announced.
NBC News obviously knew the Obama administration was listening to Team Trump phone calls.
10. The Associated Press – February 13, 2017
Two people familiar with the situation say the Justice Department warned the Trump administration about Michael Flynn’s contacts with Russia.
One of the people says the Justice Department told the administration there was a discrepancy between what the White House was saying publicly about Flynn’s contacts and the facts of what occurred.
The Associated Press knew the Obama administration had listened to Flynn’s calls.
11. ABC News – February 13, 2017
Embattled National Security Adviser Michael Flynn called Vice President Mike Pence Friday to apologize for misleading him about a conversation with the Russian ambassador to the United States, according to a senior White House official.
ABC News knew the Obama administration had listened to Flynn’s calls.
12. CBS News – February 10, 2017
Investigators believe that President Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, privately discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia in a phone call with a Russian official, law enforcement sources told CBS News on Friday.
Multiple sources told CBS News’ Jeff Pegues and Pat Milton that the conversation occurred before Mr. Trump took office and, if true, could be a violation of protocol and could be viewed as a violation of the law.
CBS News knew the Obama administrations had listened to Flynn’s calls.
––
I could go on and on – so I hope I’ve made my point and closed my case. The evidence is so overwhelming that by now your eyes are probably glazed over and you mind is screaming Enough already!
SUMMATION
Way back in January, Heat Street, The Guardian, The BBC, and McClatchy all confirmed that he Obama administration sought and/or received surveillance warrants aimed at Team Trump.
Way back in January, The New York Times reported that the Obama White House was looking at wiretap intelligence related to Trump.
Way back in February, The Washington Post, CNN, the Associated Press, NBC News, CBS News, and ABC News all gleefully reported on private telephone calls that were surveilled by the Obama administration and then illegally made public to the media.
Then, In March, just weeks after all of this reporting on the awesomeness of Obama-era surveillance warrants and intercepted phone calls …
Despite their own knowledge, despite their own reporting, despite the words they publicly printed and the words they publicly spoke, every single one of these news outlets declared Trump a liar for the sin of what …?
For the sin of believing the same people now smearing him as a liar.



ARTICLE
The FBI are set to investigate the disappearance of 501 children in Washington, D.C. who are feared to have become victims to an elite pedophile ring. 
According to a letter written by lawmakers to the Department of Justice, FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Jeff Sessions are being urged to launch an immediate investigation into the startling disappearance of the children since the beginning of 2017.
In the letter, the DoJ are being urged to “devote the resources necessary to determine whether these developments are an anomaly or whether they are indicative of an underlying trend that must be addressed.”
“Ten children of color went missing in our nation’s capital in a period of two weeks and at first garnered very little media attention. That’s deeply disturbing,” the letter reads.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
As the AP reports, the District of Columbia logged 501 cases of missing juveniles, many of them black or Latino, in the first three months of this year, according to the Metropolitan Police Department, the city’s police force. Twenty-two were unsolved as of March 22, police said.
The Twitter profile for the DC police department is quite literally riddled with images of missing young black and latino girls. In spite of the officials’ concern and the posts on Twitter, police are assuring the public that there is nothing out of the ordinary.

“We’ve just been posting them on social media more often,” said Metropolitan Police spokeswoman Rachel Reid.
“We can’t focus on the numbers,” said Derrica Wilson, co-founder of the Black and Missing Foundation. “If we have one missing child, that’s too many.”

Police then went on to dispel talk of these girls being kidnapped and sold into slavery by human traffickers.
“We have no indication to believe that young girls in the District are being preyed upon by human traffickers in large numbers,” said police commander Chanel Dickerson, leader of the Youth and Family Services division, according to NBC News 4.
Notice how Dickerson said “in large numbers” as a qualifier, meaning he didn’t rule out the fact that there are human traffickers in the area preying on young girls.
As the Free Thought Project pointed out on several occasions, some of these traffickers have already been caught in D.C. — and some of them have been cops.
Linwood Barnhill Jr., a veteran of the D.C. Police Department, was exposed by the Free Thought Project for running a child sex ring out of his house. In 2014, in an early morning search warrant issued for his Southeast D.C. apartment found a 15-year-old girl who had previously been reported missing by her parents.
When police rescued the girl she told officers that she had met six other girls inside the Southeast D.C. apartment who told her they were also being prostituted, including with ads posted on backpage.com. Barnhill also took naked photos of the girls, purportedly for use in advertisements for sex.
Marijuana, condoms and a large mirror were also seized from the apartment; law enforcement officials say that the seized mirror had the names of other females who were being trafficked written on it.
Around that same time, another cop in the area was also exposed and arrested for trafficking teens. Lamin Manneh, 32, of Baltimore, pleaded guilty to traveling across state lines and using a telephone and internet to operate a prostitution business using two teens he prostituted out over 300 times.
According to the AP, Wilson also said she is concerned about whether human trafficking is a factor, citing the case of 8-year-old Relisha Rudd, who has been missing since she vanished from a city homeless shelter in 2014. A janitor who worked at the shelter was found dead of apparent suicide during the search for the girl.
“They prey on the homeless, they prey on low-income children, they prey on the runaways, they prey online,” Wilson said.
“Whether these recent disappearances are an anomaly or signals of underlying trends, it is essential that the Department of Justice and the FBI use all of the tools at their disposal to help local officials investigate these events, and return these children to their parents as soon as possible,” Richmond said.
According to the anti-Human Trafficking group, Polaris, located in D.C., the number of trafficked humans in the US is startling.
Sadly, the US government appears to spend far more time looking for an illegal plant or for Tom Brady’s jersey, than they do on missing children.



ARTICLE
Trey Gowdy has accused former President Barack Obama and six of his administration officials as being the source of the Michael Flynn leaks. 
During a House Intelligence Committee hearing on Monday, Rep. Gowdy said that key staffers in Obama’s administration, including Obama himself, leaked details about former National Security advisor Michael Flynn’s alleged collusion with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential race.
Dailycaller.com reports:
It should be noted that Gowdy did not give evidence for any of the names he raised possibly being the source of the leaks.

The South Carolina Republican first asked the FBI director if former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper “knew the name of the U.S. citizen that appeared in The New York Times and Washington Post?… Would he have access to an unmasked name?”
Gowdy asked similar questions about former CIA Director James Brennan, former National Security Advisor Susan Rice former White House advisor Ben Rhodes, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
Finally, Gowdy asked Comey if he “briefed President Obama on any calls involving Michael Flynn.”
“I’m not going to go get into either that case or any conversations I had with the president,” Comey answered.



ARTICLE
John McCain told European leaders that he fears the New World Order elite in America and Europe are fighting a losing battle.
Speaking at the Brussels Forum, the former Republican presidential candidate told attendees that the “new world order is under enormous strain” and in “the titanic struggle with forces of radicalism … we can’t stand by and lament, we’ve got to be involved.“
Euobserver.com reports:
“I trust the EU,” he said, defending an opposite view from that of US president Donald Trump, who said in January that the UK “was so smart in getting out” of the EU and that Nato was “obsolete”.
He said that the EU was “one of the most important alliances” for the US and that the EU and Nato were “the best two sums in history”, which have maintained peace for the last 70 years.
“We need to rely on Nato and have a Nato that adjusts to new challenges,” he said.
He noted that “the EU has too many bureaucrats, not much bureaucracy,” but added that “it’s not the only place on earth with that problem.”
He said that he was “still wondering what the overall effect of Brexit will be” and that he did not know “if this is the beginning of a serious problem for the EU”.
McCain also said that he supported Trump’s demand that European countries increase their defence spending for Nato.
‘Who drives the tweets?’
But he added that Americans should “also appreciate the fact that over 1,000 young [European] people have given their lives in Afghanistan or Iraq”.
“I don’t know what price tag you put on that. That’s quite a contribution I would say, if you ask their mothers,” he said.
The influential senator, who admitted that he has not met Trump since the election, said it was “too early” to pass a judgment on his presidency.
He said he was “very pleased” by Trump’s picks for his national security team, but suggested that they were being bypassed by more ideological and less competent people.
“The question is: who does the president listen to, who drives the tweets at 6 in morning?”, he said.
Asked whether he thought that “Russia owns a significant part of the White House,” he said : “I don’t worry about that.”
What worries him, he said, was “the Russian role in our elections”, even if he admitted that he has seen “no evidence they succeeded” in affecting the outcome of last year US vote.
‘KGB thugs’
Noting that Russia was now trying to influence elections in France and in Germany, he said that if it succeeded it would be “a death warrant for democracy”.
“It’s an act of destruction that is certainly more lethal than dropping some bombs,” he insisted.
McCain, a Russia hawk, said that Putin wanted to restore the Russian empire: “He wants the Baltics, he has taken Crimea, he’s been in Ukraine.”
“These are KBG thugs, my friends,” he said, referring to former Russian spy service for which Putin used to work. He added that the US needed to “respond accordingly”.
He said however that he there was “nothing wrong” if Trump met Putin.
“I’m not against meeting,” he said, reminding the Brussels forum that US presidents met Soviet leaders during the Cold War. But he added that “the best way to go to a meeting is with a strong hand” and that that was not the case for the US right now.



ARTICLE
A senior US military commander has warned that North Korea are now capable of striking Alaska with nuclear missiles and has urged the government to increase military spending in the state. 
Speaking before Congress’ Joint Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Lieutenant General Kenneth S. Wilsbach said that military officials fear that Pyongyang could strike America any day now.
“Certainly North Korea and the rhetoric that’s coming from North Korea and the activity that we’re seeing makes me as a military commander have concern that the threat is increased,” he told lawmakers.
Presstv.com reports:
The commander reminded the panel that Alaska was given $561 million to complete ongoing military projects across the state during the 2017 fiscal year.
The money was supposed to be used for upgrading a network of missile systems and prepare Eielson Air Force Base to host two squadrons of F-35 stealth fighter jets, totaling 54 aircraft, by 2020.
“Because of the strategic nature of Alaska we assume, which is why we defend this land, that there are facilities here that could be considered targets, so that’s why we have forces that are capable of defending the nation from here,” Wilsbach went on.
Within the US military circles, Alaska is commonly referred to as the last line of defense against a nuclear attack from adversaries such as North Korea.
The statements come amid high tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, which is angered by the annual joint war games currently being carried out by the US and South Korea on the restive peninsula.
The US has further infuriated the North by starting the installation of an advanced missile system at an air base in South Korea earlier this month.
Washington also deploys nuclear-powered warships and aircraft in the region.
Pyongyang has been subjected to international pressure, including US sanctions and Security Council resolutions, to abandon its arms development and nuclear programs.
Yet, it says the programs are meant to protect the country from US hostility.



ARTICLE
The Washington Post claim that people within the Obama administration could face criminal charges for unmasking names of Trump transition team members from surveillance of foreign officials. 
During an interview Wednesday with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly, WaPo’s Bob Woodward argued that if information about Trump campaign officials being unmasked in wiretapped communications is true, it represents a “gross violation.”
“It is not what Trump said [about the wiretap], but apparently what has happened here is a couple of diplomats who can be legitimately wiretapped, were talking about meeting with Trump or people on his transition team — and of course you can learn all kinds of things from diplomats gossiping, because that is what occurs. Under the rules –and they’re pretty strict– you are supposed to, it is called minimization, you don’t name the American person who is being discussed.”
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., said earlier that he had briefed Trump on new information, unrelated to an investigation into Russian activities, that suggested that several members of Trump’s transition team and perhaps Trump himself had their identities “unmasked” after their communications were intercepted by U.S. intelligence officials.
The revelation is notable because identities of Americans are generally supposed to remain “masked” if American communications are swept up during surveillance of foreign individuals.
During an interview on Fox News, Woodward said that if that information about the unmasking is true, “it is a gross violation.”
He said it isn’t Trump’s assertion, without proof, that his predecessor wiretapped Trump Tower that is of concern, but rather that intelligence officials named the Americans being discussed in intercepted communications.
“You can learn all kinds of things from diplomats gossiping, because that’s what occurs. Under the rules, and they are pretty strict, it’s called minimization. You don’t name the American person who is being discussed,” Woodward said.
He noted that there are about 20 people in the intelligence community who, for intelligence reasons, can order this “minimization” be removed.
“But the idea that there was intelligence value here is really thin,” Woodward said. “It’s, again, down the middle, it is not what Trump said, but this could be criminal on the part of people who decided, oh, let’s name these people.”
He drove the point home, adding that “under the rules, that name is supposed to be blanked out, and so you’ve got a real serious problem potentially of people in the Obama administration passing around this highly classified gossip.”



ARTICLE
According to senior Pentagon officials, US troops will stay in Iraq even after the fight against ISIS has ended.
The US Defense Secretary James Mattis said that keeping soldiers on the ground is in America’s “national interest.”
During a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on Wednesday, other top US Defense Department officials also expressed their desire to keep US troops in Iraq.
RT reports:
Mattis made it clear that US involvement will not end when Mosul is finally captured from Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL).
“I believe it’s in our national interest that we keep Iraqi security forces in a position to keep our mutual enemies on their back foot,” he said, as quoted by the Military Times.
The defense secretary went on to say that he does not “see any reason to pull out again and face the same lesson,” adding that the US “needs to remain decisively engaged in Iraq and in the region.”
Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford Jr. agreed with Mattis, stating that Iraqi security forces will need US support “for years to come.”
The comments come as the brutal battle continues for Mosul, the self-proclaimed capital of IS in Iraq.
Around 400,000 civilians are stuck in Mosul’s old city, which is currently held by IS militants. They are facing food and electricity shortages, with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees believing the “worst is yet to come.”
US involvement in the military campaign against IS is approaching its third anniversary, evolving from airstrikes in the summer of 2014 to the eventual deployment of around 6,000 ground troops across Iraq and Syria, whom Washington mostly calls “advisors.”
During a Tuesday meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, US President Donald Trump himself said that American troops should have remained in Iraq.
“Certainly, we shouldn’t have left. We should never ever have left,” Trump said as quoted by Newsweek, noting that the withdrawal was followed by chaos.
But Abadi appears to have another plan in mind, stating last week that the international military presence in Iraq should be reduced once IS militants are defeated.
“As we are crushing Daesh [Arabic pejorative term for IS], it is clear that there is a need to reduce the number of our allies who are helping us,” he told Middle East Eye.
Around half a million people died in Iraq from war-related causes during the US-led intervention between 2003 and mid-2011, according to a study published in 2013. That figure was around four times bigger than previous estimates.
A separate 2013 study found that the Iraq War cost $1.7 trillion, with an additional $490 billion owed to war veterans, noting that the expenses could grow to around $4 trillion over the next four decades, counting interest.
Earlier this week, Abadi reportedly said that rebuilding Mosul and the reconstruction of Anbar province could cost up to $50 billion in the coming years.
Mattis acknowledged a financial need for re-building, but stressed that the US will not be solely responsible for the bill.
“It’s going to be an international effort, it should not be carried fully by the American taxpayer,” he said on Wednesday. “But we should certainly be part of it.”




ARTICLE
George Soros funded group Fight For The Future is offering anti-Trump activists up to $15,000 per month to quit their jobs and “Do activism full-time using every connection, skill, tool, and trick at your disposal—until you win.”
“Terrified about Trump? Quit your job, start an A-Team. We’ll fund it. Read this,” the Fight For The Future website reads.

Wondering how Fight For The Future can afford to splash the big bucks on “activists”?  They get their funding from Media Democracy Fund – a George Soros Group.
“We’re currently taking applications for an initial launch of the project, and will be providing a few select teams with funding, guidance, and support,” said Evan Greer, campaign director for Fight for the Future.
“Our goal is to spawn a movement of small, dedicated, groups of people using the tactics that we’ve used effectively to defend Internet freedom to win major victories in other issue areas affecting our basic rights and freedoms, such as immigration, freedom of press, police brutality, drug reform, and government corruption,” she added.
It is just the latest effort by activists to fund the anti-Trump movement.
Greer compared the groups to tactical special operations forces. He said the A-Teams, presumably styled like the famed TV team, are “an attempt to help incubate other ‘special ops activist teams to tackle major issues, against the backdrop of unprecedented threats in the Trump era.”
The online application and sales job includes a photo from the classic anti-Barry Goldwater ad from 1964 in which the world is nuked if he’s elected.
It urges potential activists to quit and get working against Trump. A few of the initial A-Teams will receive a $15,000 check for their first month.
“We’re still working out the details, but if you’ve got a strong 2-3 person A-Team and a target we’d give you $15,000 right now for the first month, just to see what you can do,” said the promo. “If you make a big splash or measurable impact on your target in that time, we’re pretty sure we can find you more,” it added.



ARTICLE
A court case in California has forced the release of emails between Monsanto and the EPA, and the contents are sickening. We now have certifiable proof that Monsanto has always known Roundup causes cancer. 
But even worse, we now have proof the EPA is a corrupt organization that is more interested in money than protecting the environment or the health of Americans. 
This weedkiller isn’t just used on GMOs but on 70 different food crops in the U.S. – it’s in practically everything Americans eat. So, if glyphosate in Roundup is causing cancer and other diseases, I want to know about it and get it out of our food – don’t you?
Food Babe reports: Monsanto makes billions off of Roundup sales, so they don’t want anyone to question its safety. Some never-before-seen confidential documents just released in a court case against Monsanto give us a glimpse into how they are working to influence the EPA (who is in charge of determining whether they are allowed to sell Roundup anymore) and undermine any efforts to ban its use.
These documents show what many of us have known and suspected for quite some time… Monsanto is manipulating scientific research and has gotten some EPA officials on their side who seem to be helping them cover-up the health dangers of Roundup so they can keep it on the market.
Keep in mind… Monsanto and the EPA are both fighting to stop the public seeing these internal emails! Why do you think that is?
While Monsanto is being sued in California by dozens of people who claim Roundup caused their non-hodgkin’s lymphoma, Monsanto had to provide over 6 million pages of internal emails and documents to the court and attorneys, and marked the majority of them as “confidential” so they’d be hidden from the public.
When the plaintiffs asked the court to make the records public, both Monsanto and the EPA objected. The judge didn’t agree with their objections and threatened to sanction Monsanto if they continued trying to seal documents and found it in the best interest of the public to release them for all of us to see, “even if Monsanto doesn’t like what they say”.
The public interest group U.S. Right To Know is publishing these documents in their entirety on their website here. This is just the beginning and more are coming out.
Here’s what we have uncovered in these documents so far.



Way back in 1999, Monsanto buried the findings of their own scientist (Dr. James Parry) who found glyphosate is genotoxic and recommended further testing. Internal emails show that Monsanto employees questioned whether Parry had “ever worked with industry before”, “hoped that it didn’t cost too much” and that they should hire a different expert who would be “influential with regulators” and help them with “outreach” efforts. Ha! They only want to hire scientists who will make findings in their favor to deceive our regulators.





They are feeding us lies and these secrets are poisoning us!
Most Americans are eating glyphosate every day… No matter how healthy we eat or how much we try to protect ourselves from it, this weedkiller is being used on most major conventional food crops and is so rampant in our environment that it is contaminating virtually all of our food. It’s been found in honey, cereals, meat, drinking water, breast milk, infant formula, chips, cookies… the list goes on. Our government agencies (FDA and EPA) know this and are allowing corporations to poison Americans for profit. It’s truly disgusting!
Monsanto is stooping to corruption to continue selling their poisons. Everything from seeking to keep their correspondence with the EPA secret, to intimidating scientists at the WHO International Agency on Cancer (IARC) who found Roundup’s active ingredient glyphosate “probably carcinogenic”. A large body of peer reviewed research links glyphosate to cancer, reproductive problems, liver, kidney and skin cell damage, antibiotic-resistance, and more – but Monsanto doesn’t want the public to know the truth!
Glyphosate should be banned worldwide and consumers have the power to make this a reality. Here’s our ACTION PLAN:




ARTICLE
Washington D.C. police have urged young people to “stay home” in order to avoid becoming the latest victims of the elite pedophile sex trafficking epidemic that is plaguing the nation’s capital. 
Missing children have become a hot topic in Washington D.C. this year after a spike in the number of teens and children going missing coincided with claims that an elite pedophile ring is operating in the city.
With the police and FBI increasingly viewed as either compromised or clueless, D.C. citizens have taken it upon themselves to form their own search committees to find the missing children.
On Wednesday, the Joe Clair Morning Show talked with Chanel Dickerson, the new commander of the Washington D.C. Police Youth & Family Services Division, about why so many teens and children are missing and how young people can protect themselves from D.C. predators.
“What preventative measures can young people take, specifically so they don’t become a victim of human trafficking?” Joe Clair asked.
The D.C. policewoman’s response hinted at the seriousness of the human trafficking epidemic in the nation’s capital:
“Stay home, it’s as simple as that. If they stay home, it reduces the risk. I’m not saying that’s the fix-all but that’s where we have to start. We have to start small, this is a problem and it’ll take a community effort, but we have to start small,” Chanel Dickerson said.

Federal investigation 
The extraordinary advice from D.C. police comes days after the first Democrat elected official pleaded guilty to raping a child, and adds weight to President Trump’s claim that the nation’s capital is suffering from an unprecedented sex trafficking plague.
President Trump announced a federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking in February and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”
The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.
Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”
“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”

Appearing calm and determined, Trump thanked staff members and his daughter Ivanka for their hard work on the issue in the lead up to his announcement. While the establishment and mainstream media have been trying to destroy the investigation into Pizzagate and suppress the findings, the Trump administration have been quietly researching and launching low-level take downs, gathering evidence in order to move up the chain.
Trump made it clear that the investigation intends to go all the way to the top, promising to bring the “full force and weight of our government” to eradicate the insidious problem.
[Trey Gowdy Fights Tears As He Vows To Destroy Elite Pedophile Ring]
“I want to make it clear today that my administration will focus on ending the absolutely horrific practice of human trafficking and I am prepared to bring the full force and weight of our government at the federal level in order to solve this horrific problem that is getting worse. 
“Human trafficking is a dire problem, both domestically and internationally, and is one that’s made really a challenge. And it’s really made possible to a large extent, more of a modern phenomenon, by what’s taking place on the Internet, as you probably know.
“Solving the human trafficking epidemic, which is what it is, is a priority for my administration. We’re going to help out a lot. “Solve” is a wonderful word, a beautiful word, but I can tell you, we’re going to help a lot.”
Former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney welcomed the news on Twitter and provided D.C insider information: if Trump goes straight all the way with the investigation, senior Democrats and Republicans in D.C are going to be bought down.




ARTICLE
Dr. Phil exposed the crimes of an elite government pedophile ring to millions of viewers across the United States on Tuesday, after interviewing a former child sex slave called ‘Kendall’. 
Kendall, who was repeatedly sexually abused as a young child, detailed her life growing up as a sex slave to an elite pedophile ring to a stunned audience.
As more and more Americans are beginning to wake up to the fact that high-level government officials routinely sexually abuse children, Dr. Phil helped bring the issue to the attention of an even bigger audience.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
Kendall explains that she was born to be a sex slave, as her parents intentionally had her for the trafficker she calls her “owner.” Kendall says that her parents sold her at birth to an elite pedophile ring that serviced some of the world’s power elite, describing her first memories as being passed around groups of rich and prominent men and women for them to “take turns” with her for sadistic sexual pleasure.

Making her first public appearance after escaping from the man she calls her “owner,” Kendall describes being forced to participate in actions that shock the conscience. She explains that she was forced to rape children as young as 5- years-old, and even admits to having been forced to kill a baby by the human trafficker she describes as her “owner.”
Kendall says that she can tell the difference between kids born into sexual slavery and ones that have been kidnapped, as the ones born into it are more docile and less upset as it is the only reality they have ever known. 
When Dr. Phil asks how old she thinks she was when she was first raped, Kendall explains that it was “before I could talk – I was used to it by the time I was 2.”

She says she doesn’t even know her actual age, as she has been a sex slave her entire life, being trafficked around the globe to be molested and raped by the societal elites – including high ranking law enforcement official, major sports franchise owners and even high level U.S. politicians.
She describes having birthed 3 children while in captivity, all of which have been taken from her by her owner/trafficker, and are believed by Kendall to now be child sex slaves themselves.
“I was allowed to get pregnant, because men paid for that,” Kendall said.

Kendall notes that the pedophiles she came into contact with over the years were extremely wealthy – often “pillars of the community” – with some even owning private islands or large pieces of land.
“They would buy us just to hunt us,” she said.
She recalls one of her most fearful memories was that of the pedophiles hosting a “hunting party” on one of their large private plots of lands, making numerous children run and hide in fear, as they were the “prey” to be hunted. The pedophiles would then hunt the children as they ran and hid in fear – raping and torturing them when they were captured.

The activities described by this woman are so profoundly disturbing they can be almost hard to believe, but Dr. Phil confirms that his team not only investigated Kendall’s case for four months, but also consulted with law enforcement experts who confirmed her story. Dr. Phil said he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.
In a damning indictment of the power-elite, Kendall described how the pedophile politicians would adorn her in designer clothes, well groomed hair and makeup to give the appearance of class and sophistication. She explains that she and other children were often hung from cages suspended from the ceiling, and that they were often drugged before being transported in the darkness of night.
She claims that she was trafficked to pedophile politicians, and taken to political parties attended by high-level politicians who used her for their personal pleasure. The politicians always took great care to hide what they were doing, according to Kendall, who confirmed that there are many elite U.S. politicians that have been engaged in raping children for many years — a reality that has consistently been covered up and completely hidden from voters.
Perhaps the reason these crimes have been so steadfastly hidden from public view, is that high-level law enforcement officials have also been implicated as being part of the elite pedophile network.
This is just the latest case to emerge in what is now being called #PedoGate. #PedoGate refers to an international pedophile ring composed of politicians and other high profile societal elites.




ARTICLE
Chelsea Clinton is to receive a lifetime achievement award next month, after spending 37 years as the daughter of Bill and Hillary Clinton.  
Variety magazine will host its annual “Women in Power” luncheon in April, where they have confirmed that one of their “Lifetime Impact Honorees” is none other than Chelsea Clinton.
This prestigious award is supposed to be given to women whose work in 2016 has “made the world a better place.”
Heatst.com reports:
This year, for no apparent reason, Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former President Bill Clinton and former Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, will get a one of those awards for her service to…well, that part’s not quite clear.
But she’ll be honored for her achievement anyway.
According to Variety (in partnership with Lifetime networks), the women will get the award for “their humanitarian work,” as well as their impact on the fields of entertainment and media. Included in this year’s group is Jessica Chastain, who has led a one-woman campaign in support of Planned Parenthood and O-magazine editor and Oprah BFF Gayle King, who uses her fortune to help the homeless and destitute in New York City.
Other honorees have fought child sex trafficking, helped homeless youth, and funded a vast network of legal clinics to aid the marginalized.
Chelsea Clinton, it says, is vice chair of the Clinton Foundation. A foundation she only works for because her parents founded it to keep their wealth flowing in the years they don’t spend running for public office. But it helps children.
Chelsea’s many other endeavors—authoring books that don’t sell, being snarky on Twitter, and serving on the board of several large-scale tech firms, operated by major Democratic donors—were oddly left out of her official biography.
Four hundred people are expected to attend the April 21st luncheon, one of the largest gatherings of powerful women each year. It’s almost certain Chelsea will attend, despite her crowded social calendar.



ARTICLE
President Trump has vowed to make NASA great again, by approving a bill that will give $19.5 billion to allow the agency to send astronauts to Mars. 
The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017, or S. 442, will provide the space agency funding for 2018, allowing NASA to explore deep space and begin work planning their first ever manned mission to Mars.
Rt.com reports:
It builds on the current public-private partnership for space, with commercial companies transporting American astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) and NASA focusing on deep space and the mission to Mars.

“For almost six decades, NASA’s work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future right here on Earth. I’m delighted to sign this bill,” Trump said. “With this legislation, we support NASA’s scientists, engineers, astronauts and their pursuit of discovery. We support jobs. It’s about jobs, also.”
The focus on medical monitoring was the brainchild of former NASA astronaut Scott Kelly, who spent nearly a year in space. He asked members of the House of Representatives to “take care of us” and keep medical data so that NASA can make future adjustments for astronauts aboard the ISS and beyond, recalled Representative Brian Babin (R-Texas), the chair of the House Science, Space and Technology Subcommittee on Space.

The signing was attended by a bipartisan group of lawmakers, including Senators Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Marco Rubio (R-Florida) and Bill Nelson (D-Florida), a former astronaut. The two states will receive a boost in funding thanks to the legislation, which led to some good-natured ribbing between the two former Republican presidential candidates and Trump, who beat them.
When Cruz said that the bill “means a great deal to Texas,” Rubio followed up with a quip that he was “happy to see that Florida is going to do more than Texas is in NASA,” before he was drowned out by laughter.
“It’ll be a good competition,” Trump responded.
Trump also joked with the two men when discussing the difficulties that astronauts face. “It’s a pretty tough job. I don’t know, Ted, would you like to do it?” Trump asked Cruz, who shook his head. “Marco, would you want to do it?” he asked Rubio. “I’m not sure we want to do it.”
“You could send Congress to space,” Cruz replied, to much laughter.
“What a great idea!” Trump said. He neither mentioned nor looked at Nelson, who has been to space, during the exchange.

Rep. John Culberson (R-Texas) was effusive in his praise of the president’s leadership on NASA funding, saying Trump would be remembered as “the father of the interplanetary highway system” the way President Dwight D. Eisenhower is remembered as the father of the interstate highway system.
“Well, that sounds exciting,” Trump replied. “First we want to fix our highways! We’re going to fix our highways.”
Nelson remained on the sidelines of the joking, until Vice President Mike Pence asked the former astronaut to say a few words, to which Trump quipped: “Oh, he’s a Democrat. I wasn’t going to let him speak.”
Florida’s senior senator praised the bill for putting NASA on a “dual track” with commercial craft providing transport to the ISS and “NASA going out and exploring the heavens, and we’re going to Mars.”
Trump also spoke highly of NASA’s public-private partnership, which he said will benefit the economy through jobs and increased scientific research.
“It’s amazing what’s going on. So many people and so many companies are so into exactly what NASA stands for, so the commercial and the private sector will get to use these facilities, and I hope they’re going to be paying us a lot of money,” the president said. “But they’re going to make great progress.”
Pence announced that Trump would “in very short order” relaunch the National Space Council, which the vice president will chair. “We’re going to be bringing together the best and  the brightest in NASA and also in the private sector. We have elected a builder for president, and as he said, America once again needs to start building and leading to the stars,” Pence said.
Yet the advances made through the current appropriations could be hampered by a cut in funding contained in Trump’s budget blueprint that was released last Thursday. Four Earth science missions that in part study the climate would be axed if the budget is passed, according to Space.com. It would also eliminate NASA’s Education Office, as well as science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) scholarships and education programs that NASA typically funds that are used to train the next generation of astronauts and engineers, Fast Company reported.

After the signing, NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy presented Trump with a NASA flight jacket. Trump gave the pen he used to sign the bill to Cruz, while he gave souvenir pens to Rubio, Nelson and others. As he lifted the signed legislation to show to the cameras, Trump joked about the size of the law.
“It’s a lot of pages in there. We don’t want to let that slip!” he said.
S. 442 is the first NASA appropriations law in seven years.



ARTICLE
Fox News has fired Judge Napolitano from appearing on their channel after he reported that the Obama administration worked with British spies in order to wiretap Donald Trump. 
Judge Nap says he believes the Obama administration spied on Donald Trump with the help of Britain’s GCHQ during the election campaign in order find dirt on the presidential candidate and use it against him.
According to senior Fox News executives, since the network couldn’t prove Napolitano’s claim, they decided to drop him from appearing on-air for the foreseeable future.
Conservativebase.com reports:
On Friday, Fox News staff claimed that they couldn’t prove Napolitano’s claim. Fox News anchor Shepard Smith said, “Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now-president of the United States was surveilled at any time, in any way.” Smith is one of Fox’s liberal-left anchors and correspondents.
The Judge’s Story
On March 15, the Conservative Base [editor Jim Kouri] wrote a news story highlighting Judge Andrew Napolitano’s allegations.
While the mainstream news media search and search for proof that President Barack Obama and his minions never wiretapped or spied on then-presidential candidate, now President Donald Trump, a former criminal court judge from New Jersey surprised a morning news show’s audience with a shocking revelation: three different intelligence sources have alleged that President Obama was aided by a British spy agency to electronically eavesdrop on Donald Trump and his campaign.

Former New Jersey Judge Andrew Napolitano, considered one of the great legal minds in the United States, claims that Trump’s accusations of being wiretapped during his victorious campaign were correct. Although U.S. actors may not have been directly involved in doing the spying, Obama’s fellow-travelers in Great Britain used their expertise to be the President’s proxy spies.
According to Judge Napolitano, now a Fox News Channel legal analyst, at least three intelligence sources said that President Obama went outside his chain of command by not utilizing his own NSA, CIA, FBI, or the Department of Justice.
Judge Napolitano, a Brooklyn (New York) Law School professor, said his sources told of Obama’s British contacts using the U.K. GCHQ (Government
He claims GCHQ officials have 24/7 access to the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) database.  As a result of this relationship between America’s NSA and Britain’s GCHQ, by simply having two people go to British spymasters and telling them that America’s President Obama needs transcripts of conversations involving candidate Trump, and later President-Elect Trump, Obama would be able to receive it all without “American fingerprints” attached.
Employing over 6,000 people from a range of diverse backgrounds, GCHQ is part of the labyrinth charged with keeping Great Britain safe and secure. GCHQ operatives work as partners with members of the Secret
Intelligence Service (MI6) and MI5, Great Britain’s domestic spy agency.
Since the birth of British Signals Intelligence at the Start of World War I in 1914, its commitment for the last 102 years has been to support the U.K. military.
“From day one, GCHQ has been [coming] to grips with the many and varied communication means the enemy has been using, sifting through to find the key intelligence for the military and their political masters. Within the first year in 1915, Signals Intelligence was being used to combat, in real time, the air and naval threats. While technologies change and adapt over time, the unique and significant contribution GCHQ makes to protecting British soldiers, sailors and airmen continues apace,” the GCHQ states in its self-evaluation.
One of GCHQ’s major responsibilities is helping to protect the UK military wherever they are deployed by providing actionable intelligence. The need to help protect the British military and arm them with the knowledge to keep them one step ahead proved to be the catalyst needed to develop Signals Intelligence at the start of World War I.
“About 90 members of GCHQ have received a campaign medal for service in Iraq, and 156 members obtained medals so far for service in Afghanistan. Perhaps more telling is the faith that the military put in a civilian organization to provide the intelligence front-line troops need to achieve their missions as safely as possible in extremely dangerous and difficult combat situations,” the GCHQ press office notes.
“With such an impressive legacy one can only wonder why GCHQ would sink to the level of U.S. political hacks trying to swindle a presidential campaign,” said former police intelligence analyst, Lawrence Patronick. “I hope Judge Napolitano will continue his own investigation into the forces in the U.S., European Union and other nations who may be aligned against a President Trump,” Patronick said.




ARTICLE
Five Congressional staffers, including an aide to former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, are under criminal investigation for hacking government computers. 
The investigation into the five members of the House of Representatives, which includes three brothers and a wife, began last year. The gang are being investigated by US Capitol Police over allegations that they stole equipment from over 20 members’ offices, and ran a procurement scheme to buy equipment and then overcharge the house.
Rt.com reports:
House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week Capitol Police are receiving additional help for the investigation. “I won’t speak to the nature of their investigation, but they’re getting the kind of technical assistance they need to do that, this is under an active criminal investigation, their capabilities are pretty strong but they’re also able to go and get the kind of help they need from other sources,” Ryan said.

The brothers, Abid, Jamal and Imran Awan, worked as shared employees for various members of the House, covering committees relating to intelligence, terrorism and cybersecurity, which included the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces of the Armed Services Committee.
Imran’s wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, both of whom worked as House IT employees, are also under investigation.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ
The group were banned from accessing the computers as a result of the investigation but, as of earlier this month, Imran Awan remains as an “technology adviser” to former Democratic National Committee chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign in July following revelations that she worked to further Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning the Democratic primary at the expense of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.

News of the brothers’ investigation has sparked speculation that it may be tied to the hack of the DNC servers, the contents of which were first released by Guccifer 2.0 and later published on WikiLeaks.
Russian actors have been accused of being behind the hack, which Democrats claim contributed to Clinton’s loss to Donald Trump. There have also been reports that the DNC hack came from an insider.



An email between DNC staffers in April 2016, which was released by WikiLeaks, references a staff member named Imran and how this person has access to the passwords for Wasserman Schultz’s iPad.
Garret Bonosky, deputy director of office of the DNC chair, tells Amy Kroll: “I have to get [this iPad] thing figured out. Need to make sure I have her username and password before I delete and reload the app.”
“I do not have access to her ipad password, but Imran does,” Kroll replies, later writing: “Just spoke to Imran, call me whenever GB and I’ll update you, don’t delete anything yet.”

Another email from the DNC hack, dated December 2016, references Imran once again. Wasserman Schultz’s assistant Rosalyn Kumar tells scheduler Anna Stolitzka: “[Nancy] Pelosi is doing [a] closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get her iPad for Imran.”
6-FIGURE SALARIES
The brothers were paid high salaries for their work with various House members, above the median salary for Congressional staffers.
Imran, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz.
Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016. Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016.

Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer from February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016. Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016.
The Daily Caller reports that Imran received $1.2 million in salary since 2010, while Abid and Alvi received over $1 million each.
House Democrats supporting the employees have suggested that the Pakistani nationality of the suspects may have inspired the investigation.



ARTICLE
A brave woman who was sold to an elite paedophile ring has gone public with her harrowing story to millions of viewers via Dr. Phil’s national broadcast.
The woman, who now goes by the name of Kendall, claims she was sold by her parents at birth to a sex trafficker.
Sexually abused before she could even talk, Kendall states that politicians are trafficking children for sex in an international pedophile ring.
She says she had six fake passports and was flown all over the world on private jets to ‘meet’ wealthy clients.
Dr. Phil confirmed that he is 100 percent certain that she is telling the truth.
Filming cops report:
She was interviewed today on Dr. Phil’s national broadcast to millions of viewers, the first appearance she has made on television after breaking out of her confinement and fleeing from sex traffickers.
What she describes is profoundly unsettling, and Dr. Phil confirms that he “100% believes” that she is telling the truth.
She says that she was sold by her very own parents at birth to an elite pedophile ring made up of police, politicians, and other powerful men and women.  Some of these pedophiles are extremely wealthy and have their own islands. One of them even owns a major sports team.
She says the politicians forced her to rape other children as young as five, broke her bones, sat on her, and even made her kill.
She also described “hunting parties” that the pedophile ring hosts. On their private lands, they make multiple children run and hide in fear. Then they begin literally hunting the children as if they were hunting animals. They find the children, rape them, and torture them for fun.
When asked about the first time she was raped by them, she said that it happened when she was at a very young age. Indeed they began raping her before she could even speak, she replied.
The audience was horrified to hear the details, but also supportive.
Kendall described how they put children in cages and suspend the cages from ceilings. The pedophiles trafficked her around the world to be raped by other elites. Dr. Phil says many of the elites are believed to be “pillars of their communities” but when they are behind closed doors with children, they are evil and sadistic.
The pedophile politicians took great care to hide what they were doing. They would dress her in nice clothes so that nobody ever knew she was a sex slave. They have been raping children for many years, she says, and it’s a reality that the politicians involved are completely hiding from voters.
Corrupt police are also said to be included among the many clients who are part of the elite pedophile network.
It is the latest example to emerge among several others of what is being called #PedoGate. #PedoGate refers to an international pedophile ring composed of politicians and other moguls.

 



ARTICLE
Sex traffickers in the United States have become so professional that they are now implanting microchips under victims’ skin in order to control and enslave children and young people “like animals.”
Doctors across the country are coming forward and revealing the extent of the problem, recounting horror stories involving sex trafficking victims, and opening up about increasingly common operations to remove RFID microchips that have been implanted under victim’s skin.
These revelations about the extent of human trafficking in the country add weight to President Trump’s claim that there are “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place” and his federal investigation into the elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking.
Daily Sheeple reports: If someone walks into a hospital and claims that they’re being tracked, and that they need to have a tracking device removed, there’s a pretty good chance that they’re going to be sent to a mental institution instead. However, according to a doctor who wished to remain anonymous to protect his patient, that very situation occurred last October and it didn’t end how you might expect.
The patient in question was a 28-year-old woman who claimed that she had a GPS tracking device planted in her body. Normally a patient like that would be regarded as crazy, but this woman appeared totally sane, and she had an incision mark on her side. So the doctor decided to check her out anyway. The medical staff at the hospital were stunned when they finally gave her an x-ray.
“Embedded in the right side of her flank is a small metallic object only a little bit larger than a grain of rice. But it’s there. It’s unequivocally there. She has a tracker in her. And no one was speaking for like five seconds — and in a busy ER that’s saying something.”
It turns out that it wasn’t a GPS device, but an RFID chip. “It’s used to tag cats and dogs. And someone had tagged her like an animal, like she was somebody’s pet that they owned.”
In a way, that makes it even creepier than a GPS device. RFID chips have a very short range. To be useful for tracking someone’s position, they would have to be kept confined in an area where the right equipment is in place to send or receive signals from the chip. The doctor would later discover that this woman was a victim of sex trafficking.
Science fiction has been warning about the potential of tracking devices for years, but usually in reference to how the government might use this technology. It just goes to show that the way humans use technology in the real world is often stranger (and creepier) than fiction.



ARTICLE
President Trump has slammed global warming as an elaborate hoax and forced the United Nations to stop making it compulsory for nations to contribute funding to global climate change programs.
G20 officials who met on Friday announced that “climate change is out for the time being” after President Trump dismantled Barack Obama and Angela Merkel’s old blueprint for compulsory financial donations to the cause.
Asked about the cut in funding to global climate change programs, Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s budget director, told reporters “we consider that to be a waste of (Americans’) money.”
“I think the president is fairly straightforward. We’re not spending money on that,” he said.
Instead the money is being poured into long-ignored domestic infrastructure projects, such as the $100 million Flint water crisis solution granted to Michigan by Trump’s EPA last week.
Reuters reports: Opposition from the United States, Saudi Arabia and others has forced Germany to drop a reference to financing programmes to combat climate change from the draft communique at a G20 finance and central bankers meeting.
A G20 official taking part in the meeting said on Friday that efforts by the German G20 presidency to keep the wording on climate change financing had run into resistance.
“Climate change is out for the time being,” said the official, who asked not to be named.
At their last meeting in July 2016 in the Chinese city of Chengdu, the G20 financial leaders said they encouraged all signatories of the Paris Agreement on climate change to bring the deal into force as soon as possible.
But U.S. President Donald Trump, who took office in November, has called global warming a “hoax” concocted by China to hurt U.S. industry and vowed to unpick the Paris climate accord that is supposed to curb rising temperatures.
Under the Chinese G20 presidency, finance ministers last year called on all governments to implement financial commitments made under the Paris deal in a “timely” way and promised to continue working on climate finance in 2017.
Trump’s administration on Thursday proposed a 31 percent cut to the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget, as the White House seeks to eliminate climate change programmes and trim initiatives to protect air and water quality.



ARTICLE
Eight hundred families of 9/11 victims are suing the government of Saudi Arabia for their role in orchestrating September 11 attacks in collusion with the Bush administration. 
The families join 1,500 first responders who all believe that the 2001 terror attacks were funded, in part, by the Saudi regime.
According to documents filed in a federal court in Manhattan, obtained by Pix 11, officials in Saudi helped train the hijackers and worked with the American government to bring them into the United States unobstructed:
“The document details how officials from Saudi embassies supported hijackers Salem al-Hazmi and Khalid Al-Mihdhar 18 months before 9/11.
“The officials allegedly helped them find apartments, learn English and obtain credit cards and cash. The documents state that the officials helped them learn how to blend into the American landscape.”
Theantimedia.org reports:
For years, suspicions have swirled that some Saudi officials had ties to the gruesome attacks. The recent release of FBI reports produced shortly after the attacks provided details to justify growing skepticism against the Saudis. These details were further bolstered by the release of 28 pages originally withheld from the 9/11 commission report. Though the U.S. government downplayed the findings, even some lawmakers expressed concern.
Pix 11 further described the lawsuit, which reportedly relies on information from the FBI’s investigations:
“The suit also produces evidence that officials in the Saudi embassy in Germany supported lead hijacker Mohamed Atta. It claims that a Saudi official was in the same hotel in Virginia with several hijackers the night before the attacks.”
The suit also alleges “some of the hijackers had special markers in their passports, identifying them as al-Qaida sympathizers.”
According to the suit, filed by aviation law firm Kreindler & Kreindler, “Saudi royals, who for years had been trying to curry favor with fundamentalists to avoid losing power, were aware that funds from Saudi charities were being funneled to al-Qaida.”
“The charities were alter egos of the Saudi government,” Jim Kreindler told Pix 11.
According to Kreindler, “there was a direct link between all the charities and Osama bin Laden and…they operated with the full knowledge of Saudi officials.”
The lawsuit reportedly details how funds were transferred from charities inside Saudi Arabia to the terror group. One of those charities, Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation, has been designated a sponsor of terrorism by the U.S. government.
Kreindler insists Saudi involvement occurred and was blatantly malicious.
“The Saudis were so duplicitous,” he said. “They claim to be allies fighting with U.S. against Iran, while at the same time working with the terrorists. There’s no question they had a hand in the 9/11 attacks.”
Until late last year, families of 9/11 victims were unable to sue foreign countries over their potential involvement in the attacks. In September, Congress overrode President Obama’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which allows for the suit filed this week.
President Obama, like George Bush before him, enjoyed a cozy relationship with the kingdom. The Bush family has had a long, profitable history with the Saudi regime over shared oil interests. Obama continued to protect the ongoing, warm relationship by approving billions of dollars worth of weapons sales to the kingdom. He also backed the monarchy’s onslaught of Yemen, where thousands of civilians have been killed with American-supplied weapons.
“The Obama and Bush administrations have done nothing but fight the 9/11 families for 15 years,” James Riches, the father of a first responder who died in the attacks and participant in the suit, told Pix 11 last month. “The United States government took the side of the Saudis over the 9/11 families.”
President Trump, for his part, previously criticized the Saudis, even acknowledging their alleged role in the 9/11 attacks when the 28-pages were released. However, since taking office, Trump has moved closer to Saudi Arabia, approving a weapons deal even Barack Obama rejected. Trump has also continued bombing Yemen, and Exxon Mobil, whose former CEO now serves at Trump’s secretary of state, has historical business ties to the Saudis. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson recently refused to acknowledge Saudi Arabia’s human rights abuses.
Considering Trump’s unpredictable leadership and his previous allusion to the Saudi role in 9/11, it is currently unclear how the president will react to the recent lawsuit. Regardless, those filing the suit appear to be committed to their attempts to achieve accountability.
“This lawsuit is a demonstration of the unwavering commitment of the 9/11 families to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for its critical role in the 9/11 attacks,” Kreindler said.



ARTICLE
Lawmakers in California are proposing a harsh new law that will make it illegal for anybody to operate a website that makes controversial political statements to the public. 
In a move designed to suppress free speech and eliminate independent media outlets, legislators claim they are attempting to tackle the problem of “fake news” with some of the harshest proposals by any government to-date.
The new bill will curb online media outlets from presenting political views that oppose the liberal consensus in the state, giving authorities the ability to arrest website owners and shut down servers.
Techdirt.com reports:
Ostensibly, the bill is aimed at keeping voters from being misled on issues that affect them. The problem is, this bill would allow the government to determine what is or isn’t misleading and apply to a citizen’s social media posts, blog, etc.

California’s existing “political cyberfraud” law (yes, really) already contains wording that forbids cybersquatting, misleading redirects, and otherwise tricking internet users who are seeking information on ballot measures. The existing law is more concerned with acts along the lines of false impersonation and deliberate fraud. The amendment, however, isn’t. It adds a couple of new aspects, both making the bad law worse.
First, the law would no longer be limited to “cyberfraud” related to pending ballot measures. It would expand to protect political candidates from being bested by wily web denizens. Where it really goes downhill is this new clause, which criminalizes even more speech.
SEC. 2.
Section 18320.5 is added to the Elections Code, to read:
It is unlawful for a person to knowingly and willingly make, publish or circulate on an Internet Web site, or cause to be made, published, or circulated in any writing posted on an Internet Web site, a false or deceptive statement designed to influence the vote on either of the following:
(a) Any issue submitted to voters at an election.
(b) Any candidate for election to public office.
With this law, opinions and misinterpretations of ballot measures/candidates’ political stances are now illegal acts. The law goes further than simply punishing the writer of false statements. It also aims to punish publishers (which could be read as punishing hosts who would normally be protected by Section 230) and anyone who shares the newly-illegal content. If anything in the original post hints of political leaning, it can be construed as “designed to influence the vote,” which would make most heated political discussions a breeding ground for criminal communications.
It would seem the “victims” listed in the proposed amendment aren’t really in need of a free speech-abusing law. If California’s government doesn’t like the tone of online posts about ballot measures, it has plenty of opportunities (and numerous platforms) to set the record straight. Worse, it gives the government the power to shut down speech it doesn’t agree with under the pretense preventing voters from being misled.
As for political candidates, they rarely suffer the problem of having too little speech. Bullshit can be countered with more speech, a rhetorical weapon everyone has access to, but political candidates in particular tend to be especially well-equipped in this department.
How the original law managed to survive a constitutional challenge remains a mystery. This addition has zero chance of being found constitutional if it somehow manages to become law.



ARTICLE
The Clinton’s have led the tributes to the late New World Order henchman David Rockefeller who died aged 101 on Monday.
Bill and Hillary remembered their banking billionaire friend as a “kind, good man” in a joint statement which was published on the Clinton Foundation website.
The statement read: “David Rockefeller was a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar. He was a kind, good man to all who met him. Hillary and I are grateful for his friendship and his remarkable life”
In a public statement of their own, former president George H.W. Bush and his wife Barbara also paid tribute saying they were “deeply saddened” on the loss of their “wonderful friend”
“So many knew him as one of the most generous philanthropists — and brightest Points of Light — whose caring and commitment to the widest range of worthy causes touched and lifted innumerable lives.”
 



ARTICLE
President Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency has granted $100 million to the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality to fund “urgent drinking water infrastructure upgrades in Flint, Michigan.“
The news comes as a huge relief to Flint residents who have suffered through local government cover-ups and lies for years, with Obama’s federal government failing to lift a finger to help the children who were being poisoned by water contaminated with lead.
Critics of President Donald Trump have pointed to his proposed budget cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency as proof that he doesn’t care about ensuring that Americans have clean air and water.
However, the recent White House press release detailing Trump’s $100 million EPA grant just threw that narrative into a tailspin.
The Flint water crisis began almost three years ago, in April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River – to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors.
Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the water’s color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.
The net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain.
“The people of Flint and all Americans deserve a more responsive federal government,” said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt in an agency news release. “EPA will especially focus on helping Michigan improve Flint’s water infrastructure as part of our larger goal of improving America’s water infrastructure.”
“We are excited and very grateful to receive these much-needed funds,” Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said. “The City of Flint being awarded a grant of this magnitude in such a critical time of need will be a huge benefit.”
“As we prepare to start the next phase of the FAST Start pipe replacement program, these funds will give us what we need to reach our goal of replacing 6,000 pipes this year and make other needed infrastructure improvements,” she added. “We look forward to the continued support of the EPA and federal government.”
As part of the deal, the state of Michigan matched 20 percent of the grant, pitching in $20 million, the Conservative Tribune report.
Refusing to acknowledge that a key tenet of their anti-Trump narrative had just been disrupted, CNN reported that the grant actually stemmed from efforts begun in 2016 by former President Barack Obama and the prior Congress, insinuating that Trump had nothing to do with it, apparently oblivious to the president’s repeated promise to update the crumbling infrastructure of this country as soon as possible, something Obama never seemed to consider a high priority.
CNN further dwelt on the proposed budget cuts of 31 percent to the EPA under Trump’s administration, but declined to mention the fact that programs dealing with water system infrastructure would remain intact and fully funded.
Flint has been dealing with this water crisis for roughly three years, but Obama’s EPA did next to nothing to address the problem. Now that Trump is in office and reorienting federal agencies to their actual purposes, the things that are truly necessary are already getting done post haste.
For more information on President Trump’s budget blueprint for Flint you can visit www.epa.gov/flint.



ARTICLE
Boston’s elite Emerson College has taken it upon itself to release a list of offensive words Americans should stop using at once.
Emerson College’s “Guidelines for Inclusive Language” has banned the use of the word homosexual when referring to a homosexual. And don’t you dare use the word “disabled.” That’s offensive. Much better to use “person with a disability.“
“Use gay or lesbian when describing people who are attracted to members of the same sex,” the guide instructs Americans. “Avoid the use of homosexual and homosexual relationship.”
The guide does not appear to provide reasons for any of the new rules in its 1,440-word “Inclusive Language” guide, besides the fact that they are “offensive“.

They have also banned use of the word “businessman.”
The handy guide to politically-correct words and phrases also informs writers to use several clunky terms including “business executive” instead of “businessman“, “camera operator” instead of “cameraman” and the potentially confusing “chair” instead of “chairman.”
Other words that have been consigned to the dustbin of social justice history, according to Emerson College, are policeman, manmade, mankind, layman, spokesman and manpower.
Additionally, the Daily Caller reports, Emerson demands that you should use the phrase “person with a disability” instead of the totally different “disabled person.”
“Community members should avoid using language that is insensitive to cultural differences or that excludes or offends any group of people (based on their ability/disability, age, ethnicity and race, gender, gender identity and sexual orientation, etc.),” a general statement at the beginning of the language guide says.
Student, faculty members and officials on Emerson’s campus in Boston should ask themselves “whether it is appropriate” in any piece of writing “to share a particular fact about a person (pertaining to social identity, e.g., age, ethnicity).”
Campus Reform, which first spotted the Emerson guide, reached out to Emerson officials for additional background.
No Emerson spokesman replied.
The cost for a single year of tuition, fees and room and board at Emerson is $59,728.
Notable Emerson alumni include Jay Leno, a bunch of random actors and, of course, Henry Winkler.




ARTICLE
Shaquille O’Neal has become the latest celebrity to join the flat-earth society, declaring that our minds have been manipulated to accept “the lie that the earth is round.” The big man even offered “proof” of his claims – he “drives coast to coast” and “this sh*t is flat to me.”
Shaq, speaking on his podcast this week, was dismissive of any evidence that proves the earth is round.
When satellite imagery that shows the earth is round was brought up, Shaq immediately threw the evidence out of court, saying “Oh, satellite imagery — that could be drawn or made up.”
“It’s true. The Earth is flat. The Earth is flat. Yes, it is. Listen, there are three ways to manipulate the mind — what you read, what you see and what you hear. In school, first thing they teach us is, ‘Oh, Columbus discovered America,’ but when he got there, there were some fair-skinned people with the long hair smoking on the peace pipes. So, what does that tell you? Columbus didn’t discover America. 
“So, listen, I drive from coast to coast, and this s*** is flat to me. I’m just saying. I drive from Florida to California all the time, and it’s flat to me. I do not go up and down at a 360-degree angle, and all that stuff about gravity, have you looked outside Atlanta lately and seen all these buildings? You mean to tell me that China is under us? China is under us? It’s not. The world is flat.”
Yahoo Sports reports: Cleveland Cavaliers star Kyrie Irving was the first NBA player to reveal his flat-Earth beliefs, summarized as such: “Can you really think of us rotating around the sun, and all planets align, rotating in specific dates, being perpendicular with what’s going on with these ‘planets’ and stuff like this?”
Soon afterwards, Denver Nuggets wing Wilson Chandler and Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green endorsed Irving’s flat-Earth theory, with the latter explaining away NASA’s photos of the planet from space by suggesting everyone can manipulate doctored photos of the globe on their phones.
The NBA storyline became so outrageous commissioner Adam Silver had to address it in his annual state-of-the-league address at the All-Star Game, clarifying, “I believe the world is round,” and suggesting Irving was making some broader social commentary about fake news in this country.
Which, no he wasn’t. Irving doubled down on his flat-Earth theory this past week, before detailing his lucid dreaming skills and informing us how an ex-teammate came to him in a dream to say goodbye.
These are all very real things that NBA players have said.
This is one wild theme to the 2016-17 NBA season, and Shaq just made it wilder when asked about Irving’s flat-Earth theory on his podcast. This was his response, through a series of interruptions:


This man has a doctorate degree in education from Barry University in Miami, Fla. Seriously.
I’m not sure which detail I enjoyed better — Shaq thinking the world is flat because he drives coast to coast or Shaq thinking he’d be driving “up and down at a 360-degree angle” if the Earth was spherical.
Unfortunately, you can’t drive from here to Asia, but there are things called boats and airplanes, and if you head west from California, you’ll arrive in China. And if you head west from there, you’ll eventually end up in California again. Because we live on a globe. Shaq should know full well. He’s been to China.

And, technically, a 360-degree angle is just a circle. I don’t know why Shaq thinks you would be driving up and down on a circle, but it is possible to drive comfortably on a spherical object when that object’s circumference is 24,901 miles. Think of an ant walking around a basketball, if you will. It might think it’s moving in a straight line, but eventually it will navigate the orb and arrive in the same place.
Also, there are things called mountains, and you drive over them on your way to California. At various angles. But never at a 360-degree angle, because your car would just be careening in circles into a ravine. But we shouldn’t have to explain mountains to you, just how we shouldn’t have to tell you the Earth is not flat. And that’s what’s so great about this new NBA narrative. It raises so many questions, from where players think the sun goes at night to why they believe they travel to different time zones.



ARTICLE
Senator Chuck Schumer has threatened to shut down the federal government over a disagreement about immigration reform. 
The Democrat New York senior senator has vowed to block a must-pass bill that would effectively stop the government from being able to operate past April 28.
In 2013, Schumer criticised Republicans’ attempt to defund ObamaCare, which resulted in a 16-day shutdown of the federal government. Hee explained on ABC’s “This Week,” “we could do the same thing on immigration reform. We believe strongly in immigration reform. We could say, ‘We’re shutting down the government, we’re not gonna raise the debt ceiling, until you pass immigration reform.’ ”
He added, “it would be government chaos.”
Nypost.com reports:
Well, guess what: It’s 2017, and Chuck Schumer is now threatening to shut down the federal government over, among other issues, immigration reform.
New York’s senior senator doesn’t like the fact that Republicans mean to insert provisions for border-wall funding and deportation of illegal immigrants in a must-pass bill to keep the government funded past April 28. So he’s threatening a filibuster to block passage — which would result in furloughing government employees, just like last time.
Back then, Democrats called it “hostage-taking.” Now they’re blaming Republicans for leaving Democrats no option but to take hostages themselves. Or, as Schumer put it: “They will be shutting down the government and delivering a severe blow to our economy.” Meaning: When they do it, it’s reckless; when we do it, it’s principle.
Schumer was right the first time. So was Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.), who said, “Hostage-taking is not governing.” Time for Schumer & Co. to go to the videotape.



ARTICLE
The CEO of Starbucks has been forced to quit as stockholders at the coffee giant pushed him out following his failed liberal policy of hiring 10,000 refugees. 
Howard Schultz believed he could impose a policy that prioritized the hiring 10,000 refugees over ordinary hard-working Americans, deliberately neglecting his responsibilities to the company’s shareholders.
The move was made in response to Trump’s travel ban, with Schultz gleefully vowing to hire thousands of undocumented migrants and refugees in order to spite Trump.
Daily Mail reports:
Afterwards, consumer perception levels took a hit as measured by YouGov BrandIndex’s Buzz score, falling by two-thirds between January 29 and February 13.
In the announcement that he was stepping down, Schultz said he ‘will shift his focus to innovation, design and development of Starbucks Reserve® Roasteries around the world, expansion of the Starbucks Reserve® retail store format and the company’s social impact initiatives’ and ‘focus on Starbucks next wave of retail innovation.’
Schultz has always been vocal about the need for greater sensitivity in balancing profit margins while advancing socio-economic conscientiousness.
He was also a public Clinton supporter and prominent Democrat, and even considered as a running mate for the Democratic nominee at one point.
Schultz in a letter to employees said the promise of the American Dream was ‘being called into question’ and that ‘the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack.’
The YouGov consumer survery also noted that the data around this boycott is different because both the measures of consumers’ sentiment towards companies and their willingness to purchase from those brands are declining.
At the time, analysts at Credit Suisse said the coffee giant’s move had a negative impact on recent sales, but Starbucks vehemently disputed this and issued their own statement on March 10 to that effect..
Matt Ryan, chief strategy officer for Starbucks, said in a statement: ‘Over the past week, there has been misinformation widely disseminated in the market about our brand, and stakeholders need the facts.
‘The following note came from the president of Kantar Millward Brown – our long-term partner in providing brand and consumer equity research – clarifying current Starbucks brand perception. Reports suggesting anything other than this should be viewed skeptically and do not reflect the customer satisfaction and perception trends we are seeing so far in 2017.’
‘In fact, in February 2017—after the announcement—we did not observe any substantive impact on Customer Consideration, Future Visitation Intent or Brand Perceptions or any other key performance metrics for the Starbucks brand.’

 
Schultz, with an estimated net worth of $3.1billion, will remain at Starbucks as executive chairman and will focus on strengthening the company’s high-end coffee shops.
Schultz will be replaced as CEO by Kevin Johnson, Starbucks’ chief operating officer, on April 3, 2017, The Seattle Times reported.
The self-made billionaire bought and turned the Seattle-based business from a fledgling company with four stores to a massive chain with 25,000 franchises worldwide.
Starbucks is estimated to be worth $85billion, according to Forbes. Its share price has taken a hit since Schultz’s refugee comments, but has risen in the past week to 55.78 USD.
Prior to the comments, 30 per cent of consumers said they would consider buying from Starbucks next time they made a coffee purchase. However, now that number fell to 26 per cent, according to a YouGov spokesman.
‘Consumer perception dropped almost immediately,’ said YouGov BrandIndex CEO Ted Marzilli, who added that the statistically significant drop in purchase consideration data showed that consumers became less keen to buy from Starbucks.
‘That would indicate the announcement has had a negative impact on Starbucks, and might indicate a negative impact on sales in the near term,’ he said.
‘We’re not just here to raise the stock price,’ he told Forbes in March of 2016. ‘What can we do to use our strength for social good?’
As CEO, he offered to subsidize tuition for baristas looking to get their degrees online. He also spearheaded the move to place Starbucks franchises on military bases in order as a way to provide jobs for veterans and soldiers’ spouses.
During the recent election campaign, speculation was rampant that Schultz was considered as a possible running mate on the Democratic ticket.
Schultz, who said he was a ‘lifelong’ Democrat, wrongly predicted that Clinton would take the White House.
On the morning after the election, Schultz penned a note to his employees saying he was ‘stunned’ by Donald Trump’s victory.
‘We cannot know what the precise impact will be on our country and the rest of the world,’ Schultz wrote.
‘I am hopeful that we will overcome the vitriol and division of this unprecedented election season.’



ARTICLE
The Secret Service agent who proudly boasted that she would not take a bullet for President Trump has officially been fired from the agency. 
Special Agent Kerry O’Grady was investigated by the Secret Service after she posted on her Facebook page that she would rather serve jail time, than risk her life protecting the President of the United States.
Around two weeks ago the agency placed the agent’s prior post – the special agent in charge of the Denver District – on a list of job openings.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
Current and former Secret Service agents and officers are worried that top officials at the agency are working to shield O’Grady from being fired.
They are worried that she will be transferred to another division of the Homeland Security Department and allowed to serve out her time until she can retire with a pension as the agency has done with other officials in the public crosshairs.
In February 2015, Secret Service Deputy Director Alvin “A.T.” Smith was forced to resign when the agency was under pressure from Congress after a string of security lapses. He was allowed to transfer to another position in DHS, according to an email that praised his 29 years of service to the agency sent to all staff.
Agents and officers are also questioning whether the agency’s top brass tried to insulate O’Grady from any punishment. The Secret Service knew about O’Grady’s Facebook comments in October when a whistleblower contacted the agency to notify it, sources told the Washington Examiner. But the agency did not launch an investigation until the Examiner reported on the controversial Facebook comments.
Roughly a month before Election Day in early October, O’Grady wrote that she would rather face “jail time” than take “a bullet” for Trump because she considered him a “disaster” for the country, especially as it relates to women and children. The post was written on her personal Facebook page late on a Sunday night.
In addition to other anti-Trump posts, on Inauguration Day, she updated her profile picture to an artist’s rendering of Princess Leia with the words, “A woman’s place is in the resistance.”
“The resistance” has become a moniker for those opposing Trump’s presidency.
In an interview and subsequent statements, she repeatedly told the Washington Examiner that the Facebook comments would not impact her ability to do her job and protect Trump.
Secret Service employees are among those federal employees subject to enhanced Hatch Act restrictions, including these two rules:
The Secret Service misconduct probe is focused on whether O’Grady posted the comments during work hours, according to several Secret Service sources.
Current and former agents and officers within the Secret Service community have called on the agency to fire O’Grady and not try to use a technical interpretation of the Hatch Act rules to allow her to remain on the job or working for the government in another capacity.
The premier association for former U.S. Secret Service agents, known as Old Star, in late January expelled O’Grady by rescinding her associate membership. The vote by its board members was unanimous.
The spouses for agents O’Grady oversees in Denver have been circulating an online petition addressed to former Director Joseph Clancy, calling on the agency to “act now and terminate” her.
Clancy left the agency in early March to retire before the investigation was over.



ARTICLE
Billionaire banker David Rockefeller has died at the age of 101.
According to family spokesperson Fraser P. Seitel, Rockefeller a former Chase Manhattan Chief Executive, died peacefully in his sleep at home in Pocantico Hills, New York, on Monday morning as a result of congestive heart failure.
Rockefeller was the sixth child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller.
Earlier this year the owners of website, DeathList.net, predicted that the New World Order henchman would die in 2017.
The world’s oldest billionaire had beaten the world record for having the most heart transplants, and had also admitted that rumours about the New World Order were true.

 
RT reports:
The businessman, who had an estimated fortune of $3 billion, retired as head of Chase Manhattan in 1981 after a 35-year career.

In the statement from the The Rockefeller Foundation confirming his death, Rockefeller was described as “one of the most influential figures in the history of American philanthropy and finance, considered by many to be ‘America’s last great international business statesman’.”
Rockefeller, also known as ‘the banker’s banker’, according to the statement, is said to have donated almost $2 billion over his lifetime to various institutions including Rockefeller University, Harvard University and art museum.
 



ARTICLE
Congress has concluded that Donald Trump’s campaign is “not guilty” of colluding with Russia in order to win the 2016 presidential election. 
A congressional panel found “zero evidence” that Trump worked with Russia, its chairman announced on Sunday, ahead of testimony by FBI Director James Comey on the president’s potential ties to Russia.
Rep. Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, claims that the hysteria about Russia has no basis in reality.  “Everything I have up to this morning – no evidence of collusion,” he told Fox News.
Yahoo News reports:
Nunes made his remarks one day before Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey is to face lawmakers on the panel, amid speculation that Trump aides and associates — and perhaps even the businessman-turned-politician himself — may have maintained uncomfortably close ties with Moscow.
Monday’s hearing was also expected to address a second explosive issue: Trump’s unsubstantiated accusations of wiretapping by Barack Obama — charges that have roiled political waters in Washington for the past two weeks.
Trump on March 4 tweeted that Obama had “tapped” his phone — a charge that has consumed political debate in the US capital.
The US intelligence community has publicly blamed Russia for hacks of the Democratic National Committee last year, and suggested the cyber attacks were aimed at steering the election to a Trump victory.
Moscow has denied involvement in the hacks, and Trump has denounced the tumult over alleged Russia connections as a “total witch hunt.”
– A city obsessed with a baseless claim –
But the question of whether Trump Tower was bugged — an accusation first lodged by the president on Twitter — nevertheless has risen to the top of Washington’s political agenda, becoming something of a national obsession, even as a growing number of lawmakers and top US officials assert there is no evidence of any such claim.
The wiretapping issue mushroomed last month, when Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn was forced to resign after it was revealed he had misled top officials over his contacts with Russia.
Around the same time, The New York Times reported that US intelligence agents had intercepted calls showing that members of Trump’s campaign had repeated contacts with top Russian intelligence officials in the year preceding the November 8 election.
Nunes has said that the intelligence committee probe focuses in part on who revealed the fact that Flynn had unreported private contacts with the Russians over the issue of international sanctions against Moscow — a disclosure which led to his forced resignation as Trump’s national security adviser.
Adding to the intrigue, Trump’s attorney general Jeff Sessions had to recuse himself from any Russia-related inquiries after it was learned that he had met twice with the Russian ambassador in the months before Trump took office, and had failed to disclose this during his confirmation hearing.
– Trump’s credibility takes a hit –
Domestically, the headline-grabbing controversy over the wiretapping claim has pulled attention away from Trump’s effort to push through other key items on his agenda, including the planned repeal of Obama’s healthcare law, tax reform and his controversial travel ban.
Critics say it has also debased the already-coarse tone of political debate in Washington and eroded the president’s credibility at home and abroad.
Some of the fallout has been international in scope: The White House was forced to retract a charge repeated last week by its spokesman Sean Spicer suggesting that Britain’s intelligence services aided the Obama administration in the alleged wiretap. That claim has strained relations with America’s closest ally.
Still, as recently as Friday, Trump repeated the baseless claim in an aside during a White House press conference with Angela Merkel.
“As far as wiretapping, I guess, by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps,” Trump told the German chancellor, referring to a WikiLeaks report in 2015 that the US had monitored calls involving Merkel and her top aides for years.
Republican Senator Ted Cruz — Trump’s vanquished rival last year for the Republican presidential nomination — said the wiretapping charges are not entirely “outlandish” and should be investigated.
– ‘Not necessarily outlandish’ –
“I think it would be quite good for the administration to put forward what evidence there is,” Cruz told CBS television.
“You know, I will point out this is not necessarily as outlandish as everyone in the press suggests. We do know that the Obama administration targeted their political enemies… so the notion is not necessarily outlandish, but it’s serious,” he said.
With national debate consumed by talk over Trump’s wiretapping claim, Adam Schiff, the top Democratic lawmaker on the intelligence panel, said it is time “to put an end to the goose chase.”
“What the president said is patently false and the wrecking ball it created has banged into the British allies and German allies and (is) continuing to grow in terms of damage, and he needs to put an end to this,” Schiff said on NBC.
One Republican lawmaker said the president might be well advised to follow sage parental counsel he received years ago.
“To quote my 85-year-old father… ‘It never hurts to say you’re sorry,'” Representative Will Hurd, a Republican from Texas, told ABC television.
“And it’s not just sorry to (Obama) but sorry to the (United Kingdom) for the claims — or the intimation — that the U.K. was involved in this as well,” said Hurd, himself a former intelligence agent.



ARTICLE
Comet Ping Pong shooter, Edgar Maddison Welch, has agreed to a secret plea deal with federal prosecutors in order to save them the “hassle” of going to trial. 
The North Carolina man who turned up to the Washington, D.C., pizza parlor in order to investigate Pizzagate, is likely to plead guilty later this month, after he accepted a deal to stop the case going to trial.
Heatst.com reports:
Inspired by “Pizzagate,” which claims that Hillary Clinton, Jon Podesta and a host of Democratic bigwigs  are connected to a child sex-trafficking ring run out of a DC-area pizzeria called Comet Ping-Pong, Welch grabbed his AR-15 and .38 revolver and drove several hundred miles to restaurant to “investigate.”
Once there, he “searched for evidence of hidden rooms or tunnels, or child sex-trafficking of any kind,” according to court documents. But he came away disappointed and regretful after he found no proof of a global conspiracy— just empty rooms and delicious, handcrafted pizza.
He then fired off his AR-15 inside the restaurant.
The attorneys weren’t forthcoming as to what Welch’s plea deal entailed. But he initially pleaded “not guilty” to federal charges of transporting a firearm across state lines, and charges of “assault with a dangerous weapon and possession of a firearm during a commission of violence,” according to prosecutors.
Welch will appear at a hearing on March 24.
After Welch’s arrest, interest in the Internet-fueled Pizzagate theory has waned somewhat, although at least one Florida newscaster and one NBA player, Cleveland Cavaliers’s Andrew Bogut, are still “just asking questions.” There’s also a march planned for March 25, the day after Welch’s sentencing, that will end with a small rally outside Comet Ping-Pong.
So far, though, the Internet is silent on whether the plea deal is meant to protect any individuals involved in any possible child sex-trafficking ring by keeping important evidence out of view of the public. It’s probably only a matter of time, however.



ARTICLE
Google has announced that humans will achieve immortality by the year 2045, allowing people with enough money the option to live forever. 
According to Google’s Director of Engineering, Ray Kurzweil, humans are just over 10-years away from starting the process of designing special “nano-bots” which will be essential for sustaining life in the future.
The Google chief says that these nano-bots will be able to swim through human bodies and fight disease and illnesses associated with old age. “I believe we will reach a point around 2029 when medical technologies will add one additional year every year to your life expectancy. By that I don’t mean life expectancy based on your birthdate, but rather your remaining life expectancy.”
“By 2045,” he continued, “humans will be able to live forever.”
Express.co.uk reports:
He continued: “The nonbiological intelligence created in that year will reach a level that’s a billion times more powerful than all human intelligence today.”
The Google chief says that one of the steps that will allow us to live forever will be the invention of nanotechnology that can be placed in our bodies.
Once inside, the minuscule bots will be a significant improvement on our immune system and will be almost 100 per cent effective at fighting disease.
Another step will be connecting our brains to the internet or a cloud network, which will be as big of a step in evolution as when our ancestors developed the frontal cortex 2 million years ago, according to Mr Kurzweil.
He said: “We’ll create more profound forms of communication than we’re familiar with today, more profound music and funnier jokes.
“We’ll be funnier. We’ll be sexier. We’ll be more adept at expressing loving sentiments.”



ARTICLE
Trey Gowdy fought back tears in Congress as he put the elite pedophile ring on notice, warning that anyone who dares interfere with his child exploitation investigation will be forced to publicly explain why they are obstructing it. 
On the first day back at Congress, Gowdy delivered an emotionally charged speech, discussing child sex abuse cases and the mental images that have been scarred on his brain after seeing material related to the investigation into the pedophile rings that have infiltrated Washington D.C.
Addressing a detective charged with heading the investigation, Gowdy said: “I want you to give me a list of the providers that are giving you a hard time. We are going to have another [hearing] here. We are going to have them come and publicly explain why they are having a hard time complying with law enforcement in child exploitation and child abuse cases.“
“My guess is that will be a very tough public explanation for them. So, give me the names and the providers that you are having a hard time dealing with. And I may not be able to make them stop doing it, but I can make them come and explain why they are doing it.”
“And my guess is they won’t want to do that.“
During the speech, Gowdy struggled to explain the horrific impact that witnessing the investigation’s evidence has had on him and other investigators, saying; “More than anything else we are united in our inability to get the images out of our heads.”
“Johnny’s got them, Judge Poe has them, and you have them, and any of us who did child pornography or child sex abuse cases.” 
In December, Gowdy was tasked with leading a committee set up to protect children from the plague of pedophile rings. In a statement following the announcement, the South Carolina Rep. described the investigation as the most important work he has ever undertaken, and warned that anybody found to be involved in the pedophile rings would be treated to the full force of the law.
“Enforcing the rule of law and protecting human dignity through a fair justice system are among the chief responsibilities of Congress.”
“Victims of child pornography endure severe trauma mentally, physically and emotionally.”




ARTICLE
Former mayor of Hubbard, Ohio (D) Richard Keenan has admitted in court to raping a young child, as President Trump’s urgent investigation into the elite pedophile ring that has infiltrated Washington D.C. and politics nationwide continues taking down high-profile perpetrators.
Keenan previously blamed the 4-year-old victim for initiating the acts, describing her as a “willing participant“. He is now facing life behind bars.
The Youngstown Vindicator reports that according to court documents, the victim told Keenan’s wife about the sexual abuse that began when she was 4-years-old and lasted for three years.
When Keenan’s wife confronted him about the allegations, he responded, “I did it.”
The Democrat mayor also confessed to the allegations to his pastor, a social worker and his brother and sister-in-law, according to documents filed by the assistant prosecutor.
Keenan admitted himself into a psychiatric facility after the admissions because he said he was feeling suicidal.
Filings obtained by the Youngstown Vindicator go into extensive detail about his purported admissions during group discussions at the psychiatric ward. He allegedly said he blamed the victim for initiating the acts and said she was a “willing participant.”
WKRN reports that Keenan was visibly shaken Friday as he changed his plea to guilty on 20 counts of sex crimes, including eight counts of rape. Keenan agreed to a life sentence with the eligibility of parole after ten years.
According to court documents, the abuse began as early as September 2013 when the victim — who Keenan knew — was just 4 years old.
“It gives the victim some closure. Obviously, keeps this young child from having to testify and I think it’s a good result given all the facts and circumstances,” said Assistant Prosecutor Gabe Wildman.
He said prosecutors have a responsibility to do what’s best for the victim and that they accomplished that Friday.
“Not bringing her in here to have to testify in the small courtroom with this man in there as well.”
Keenan’s family was emotional. They lashed out at reporters after the hearing and tried to block him from the camera’s view.
Prosecutors said this just goes to show how difficult these cases are for everyone.
“I think what we’ve seen today is that they’re tough, right? They’re tough on everyone. They’re tough on the defendant’s family, they’re tough on the victim’s family, and obviously, our concern lies with the victim’s family,” Wildman said.




ARTICLE
The world lost an incredible man, actor, and comedian named Robin Williams in 2014. Having chosen to take his life via suicide, people were devastated upon receiving the news, distraught by the idea that someone so popular and funny would opt to end his own life.
Three years later, the late comedian’s widow has spoken out in an interview with Good Morning America, and she revealed that depression isn’t the only reason Robin Williams chose to end his life three years ago.
During the interview, Susan said:
“It was not depression that killed Robin Williams. Depression was one of let’s call it 50 symptoms, and it was a small one.”’
Instead, Robin Williams’ widow suggests a more likely reason for his suicide – a theory which is supported by his personal doctors.
“I’ve spent this last year trying to find out what killed Robin,” said Susan, “to understand what we were fighting, what we were in the trenches fighting. And one of the doctors said, ‘Robin was very aware that he was losing his mind and there was nothing he could do about it.”
TrueActivist report: Troubled by his mental afflictions, the comedian likely chose suicide as a final form of control over his own body and destiny. After performing an autopsy on Robin’s body, it was discovered that the man who was able to make everyone smile had developed dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB).
Right after Alzheimer’s, DLB is the most common form of dementia. Symptoms of the affliction include hallucinations, altered mental states, and deteriorating motor functions. Even on a subconscious level, some suspect, he was aware that his body was failing him and sought control.
“I know now the doctors—the whole team—was doing exactly the right things,” commented Susan, “It’s just that this disease was faster than us and bigger than us. We would have gotten there eventually.”
According to Susan, patients with DLB behave like a “pinball machine. You don’t know exactly what you’re looking at.”
The findings match what Robin exhibited in his final days. Susan says her former husband would go from “totally lucid” one moment to be speaking things that “didn’t match” just minutes later. Before he committed suicide, his condition escalated to the point that it seemed “like the dam broke.”
Whereas most loved ones harbor anger toward those who left them willingly, Susan is at peace with Robin’s final attempt to control his life. She stated:
“I mean, there are many reasons. Believe me. I’ve thought about this—of what was going on in his mind, what made him ultimately commit, you know, to do that act. And I think he was just saying, ‘No.’ And I don’t blame him one bit. I don’t blame him one bit.”




ARTICLE
Bernie Sanders compared the Democratic Party in 2017 to the ill-fated Titanic in a recent interview, adding that corrupt and self-interested Democrat leaders want to maintain the “status quo” and sink with the ship so long as they can keep their “first-class seats.“
“Certainly there are some people in the Democratic Party who want to maintain the status quo,” Sanders told the New York Times Magazine when asked if he thought the Democratic Party knew what it stood for anymore.
“They would rather go down with the Titanic so long as they have first-class seats,” Sanders continued.
Sanders ran an insurgent campaign for president in 2016 as an alternative to the establishment choice Hillary Clinton. He has challenged the Democratic Party to fight for everyday, working class Americans, arguing that the Democratic establishment has sold out its roots and become the party of metropolitan elites rather than a party of the people.
The party has become unrecognizable in the last few decades. Democrats are now beholden to Wall Street, the military-industrial complex, and other big-money interests, according to Senator Sanders.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.), another member of the progressive wing of the Democratic Party suggested to the Times in the same article that President Donald Trump’s election reminded Democrats that they should focus on promoting their values instead of lining their own pockets.
“Our values are more in line with most of America,” Warren said.
The Democratic Party has faced internal turmoil since Republicans regained the White House in November in what for many was a surprise election victory. While some progressives are pushing for the party to become more liberal, more centrist Democrats have called for Democratic leadership to reach out to Trump supporters in Middle America.
Unlike many members of Democrat HQ, Democratic Rep. Tim Ryan (Ohio) is telling it like it is. He has warned his colleagues that things are so grim the DNC can hardly consider itself a national party anymore.
“We’re at the point now where we are not even a national party at this point,” Tim Ryan said after the presidential election.
“We have some support on the coast, but we lost the support of Middle America.”



ARTICLE
President Trump has asked Congress to give his administration more time to substantiate claims that Barack Obama wiretapped his phone. 
Nine days after Trump tweeted that “Obama wiretapped Trump Tower,” the White House has asked for more time to comply with a House Intelligence Committee request for evidence proving his claim.
Trump’s request for more time suggests that his administration have substantial evidence to present to Congress, which could see Barack Obama investigated for abuse of power.
Zerohedge.com reports:
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and ranking member Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) asked the White House to offer by today, any evidence showing Trump Tower was wiretapped.
It appears The White House has been unable to and as The Hill reports,
“This afternoon, the Department of Justice placed calls to representatives of the Chairman and Ranking Member of the United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to ask for additional time to review the request in compliance with the governing legal authorities and to determine what if any responsive documents may exist,” a statement from the DOJ released hours before the Monday deadline said.
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) confirmed the request in a statement.
“The Department of Justice has asked for more time to comply with the House Intelligence Committee’s request for information related to possible surveillance of Donald Trump or his associates during the election campaign.
“We have asked the Department to provide us this information before the Committee’s open hearing scheduled for March 20. If the committee does not receive a response by then, the Committee will ask for this information during the March 20 hearing and may resort to a compulsory process if our questions continue to go unanswered.”
Trump’s tweets put his own administration and Republican lawmakers in a bind over how to respond. Many Republicans have denied seeing any evidence, including House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), Oversight member Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), and Senate Intelligence Committee members Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Tom Cotton (Ark.). Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper outright denied the allegation. FBI Director James Comey was reportedly outraged by Trump’s statements and pressed the Justice Department to debunk them right away.
It is unclear why Trump believes he might have been wiretapped, but his statements came soon after a conservative radio host detailed allegations about the Obama administration surveilling Trump, which were then published by Breitbart News.
Soon after Trump sent his tweets accusing Obama, the White House announced it would no longer discuss the issue and would hand the investigation over to Congress.



ARTICLE
The FBI are investigating a child sex ring within a U.S. police department, as part of an operation to eradicate high-level government pedophile rings in America. 
According to reports, the Louiseville Police Department operate a child sex trafficking ring where officers rape children, produce and sell porn, and conduct human trafficking through a government funded youth program.
Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer described the horrific revelations of what goes on in the police department’s Youth Explorer program as “our worst nightmare“.
Courier-journal.com reports:
Fischer also said he had hired former U.S. Attorney Kerry Harvey to review the investigation conducted by Louisville Metro Police and determine whether “errors were made,” including by police Chief Steve Conrad.
“If there has been an injustice, it will be remedied,” Fischer said.
Harvey, who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010 as the top prosecutor in the Eastern District of Kentucky and stepped down in January, said he would conduct a “stem-to-stern review” to determine if the investigation was effective and appropriate – and if procedures were not followed, “why not.”
A lawsuit filed last week on behalf of a former Scout identified as N.C. charges that his alleged rape by Officers Kenneth Betts and Brandon Wood was “concealed” by department officials. Betts and Wood are accused of sexually assaulting the former Scout from 2011 through 2013 and recording the incidents to make porn.
The Courier-Journal reported this week that Conrad ended an investigation of alleged “improper contact” between Betts and a teenage girl in the program because Betts resigned in 2014. Wood is still with the force but on administrative assignment.
Conrad told the Courier-Journal on Friday he is “dying” to talk about the allegations but is barred from doing so by a court order sealing the lawsuit. Fischer said he expects the case will be unsealed next week.
The Courier-Journal has filed a motion to unseal the case. The city has also asked that it be unsealed.
Fischer said he first learned about misconduct in the Explorer program last October when he received a heads-up from Conrad that there would be media reports. The mayor declined to comment when asked whether additional police officers or youths were involved, citing a pending criminal investigation by the department’s Public Integrity Unit.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton has declared that she is “ready to come out of the woods” and help Americans find common ground.

Her comments were made on St. Patrick’s day at an Irish Women’s Society dinner in her late father’s hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania.
She said: “I do not believe that we can let political divides harden into personal divides. And we can’t just ignore, or turn a cold shoulder to someone because they disagree with us politically”

However, there are many people that feel that she should go back into the woods…and stay there.
RT reports:
Clinton, who shunned the public spotlight for a time after her election defeat to Republican Donald Trump in November, admitted she was finding it hard to watch the news.
However, she added, “I am ready to come out of the woods and help shine a light on what is already happening around kitchen tables, at dinners like this, to help draw strength that will enable everybody to keep going.”
Clinton made reference to her time in “the woods” on a number of occasions throughout her speech, apparently alluding to images captured of the election candidate hiking in the woods the day after her defeat.
She quipped at the start of her speech that she was rethinking her strategy, conceding “the walk in the woods stuff didn’t work as well.”
 



ARTICLE
A Secret Service laptop containing highly sensitive information was stolen from an agent’s vehicle in Brooklyn, New York City on Thursday morning, according to officials.

In a statement on Friday, the service that it would not release further details while an investigation was underway.
However, law informant officials said the sensitive files included floor plans and evacuation protocol for the Trump Tower, information on Pope Francis and information about the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server.


Press TV reports:
Cathy Milhoan, an agency spokeswoman, said agency-issued laptops “contain multiple layers of security including full disk encryption and are not permitted to contain classified information.”
“The Secret Service requests anyone with information regarding this crime to please contact the New York Police Department and the US Secret Service New York Field Office,” she added.
However, law informant officials told news agencies that the computer contained sensitive files, including floor plans and evacuation protocol for Trump Tower as well as information about the investigation into former secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server.
One official told CNN that the Secret Service viewed the incident as a compromise of national security.
CBS News, also citing law enforcement sources, reported that the laptop contained important files on Pope Francis as well.
The agent herself also told investigators that the information on her computer could endanger national security.
The agent’s lapel pins that gave her access to security details protecting President Trump, Hillary Clinton, the pope and the United Nations General Assembly were also stolen from the car.
The stolen items were inside a backpack with the Secret Service insignia on it. The bag has since been found, but not the laptop, officials said.




ARTICLE
Billionaire globalist George Soros has issued a scathing attack to Donald Trump, accusing him of being “evil” and urging the American public to rise up and “fight Trump”.
Despite the fact that numerous countries around the world are now investigating Soros for his very public agenda to usurp Democratically elected governments, the multi-billionaire penned an Op-ed for the New York Times recently explaining why Trump’s brand of ‘hate’ should not be tolerated…
When Hate Surges
Authored by George Soros via The New York Times,
President Trump has wasted no time in cracking down on immigration. He pledged to build a wall, hire 15,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol agents and speedily deport millions of undocumented immigrants. He justified these actions by claiming that immigrants regularly flout the “rule of law and pose a threat.” In his first speech to Congress, he directed the Department of Homeland Security to create a new office — Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement, or Voice — dedicated to helping victims of crimes perpetrated by “removable aliens.”
I am an immigrant and an American citizen, and, as a philanthropist, have supported migrants all over the world for more than 30 years. Based on my experience and the facts, the president’s approach to immigrants is just wrong — and a new round of court injunctions against Mr. Trump’s latest proposed travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries suggests many in the federal judiciary agree. It does nothing to make America safer, while whipping up emotions against immigrants that have translated into an alarming surge in hate incidents all across our nation. My heart goes out to the victims of violence, whatever the source. But in the name of protecting the population from a relatively minor source of concern, he is branding all immigrants as criminals.
Contrary to Mr. Trump’s claims, immigrants commit significantly less crime than native-born citizens. This has been borne out in study after study, using a wide range of methodologies, dating back decades. According to the nonpartisan American Immigration Council, the percentage of the population that is foreign-born grew to 13.1 percent from 7.9 percent between 1990 and 2013. F.B.I. data shows that the violent crime rate dropped 48 percent during that time and today remains near historic lows. A recent study by the Journal on Ethnicity in Criminal Justice shows that immigrants actually drive down crime rates in the neighborhoods where they live.
But targeting immigrants and minorities with false and prejudicial rhetoric, as Mr. Trump has done during the campaign and in the early weeks of his presidency, has spurred a surge in hate acts against them. The Southern Poverty Law Center found that hate incidents reported in the first few weeks following Mr. Trump’s victory were at levels normally seen over a six-month period. No community appears safe from this rash of hate — with reports like school bullying against Muslim children, stories of Latinos being harassed on the street and told to “go back to your country,” attacks on blacks and gays, and the desecration of Jewish cemeteries. This is a country that prides itself on neighbors looking out for one another. In Donald Trump’s America, we are increasingly at one another’s throats.
As hate incidents surged after the election last fall, I announced a $10 million investment to provide legal and social services to victims of hate crimes, to encourage local organizations across the country to do the same and to propose improvements and new ideas. This week we opened our Hate Incident Database to monitor the scope and depth of hate incidents across the country.
Having survived the Nazi persecution of Jews in Hungary, I escaped from Soviet occupation at age 17 and made my way first to Britain and then to America. This is not the America that attracted me. I have seen the damage done when societies succumb to the fear of the “other.” And I will do all I can to help preserve the openness, inclusiveness and diversity that represent our greatest strength.
Demonizing immigrants weakens our country. Fighting against hate crimes makes us grow stronger together.



ARTICLE
Amnesty International has urged the US President to cancel impending weapons sales to Saudi Arabia and Bahrain or risk being complicit in war crimes.
In a press release published on Tuesday, the human rights group said:
“The deals would arm members of a military coalition that has attacked thousands of civilians in Yemen and violated international humanitarian law“
Yemen is now in its third year of civil war where more than 10,000 have been killed and millions currently face famine...It is also one of the seven Muslim countries on which the Trump administration is trying to impose a travel ban.
RT reports:
The organization noted that its experts found unexploded US bombs and “identifiable fragments of exploded US bombs” among the destroyed civilian buildings in Yemen.
If the US approves the deals while banning Yemenis from coming to the US, it would be like “throwing gasoline on a house fire and locking the door on [the] way out,” according to Margaret Huang, Amnesty International USA executive director.
“The US should not continue to arm governments that violate international human rights and humanitarian law and simultaneously shut its doors to those fleeing the violence it escalates,” she said.
“Arming the Saudi Arabia and Bahrain governments risks complicity with war crimes, and doing so while simultaneously banning travel to the US from Yemen would be even more unconscionable. President Trump must not approve this arms deal,” she said.
On Wednesday, President Trump held a meeting with Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The Saudi delegation hailed the meeting as a “historical turning point” in US-Saudi relations, “which had passed through a period of divergence of views on many issues.”
Speaking to RT last week, Ahmed Benchemsi, communications and advocacy director at Human Rights Watch’s Middle East & North Africa division, said that the US, UK, and France should stop selling weapons to Riyadh.
The humanitarian situation in Yemen is “increasingly unsustainable” and urgent action must be taken by both sides in the conflict, he said, adding that the situation is turning into a “deep humanitarian catastrophe.”
Saudi Arabia’s coalition, which also includes Bahrain, began the military operation against Houthi rebels in Yemen in March 2015 in an attempt to bring the ousted government back to power.
More than 10,000 people have been killed in the impoverished country, the UN reported in late February, while seven million people are close to starvation.



ARTICLE
Disgraced former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz employed a Muslim man under investigation for terrorist ties for almost a decade, and even after police alerted her to the fact the man was likely stealing sensitive data from Congress, she continued to allow him access to the servers where the information was being stolen.
Rejecting the police warning as “racist“, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is either the most naive person in the world, or a co-conspirator in a nefarious plot to funnel information out of Congress.
Given the known history of her corruption, conspiring, and plotting – leading to her dismissal as chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee after scandalous revelations about her conduct came to light during the election – it would be a naive person who grants the Florida Congresswoman the benefit of the doubt.
Per TheBlaze:
Imran Awan is the lead suspect in a criminal probe into security breaches within the House of Representatives that was launched on February 2. Imran, who was hired in 2005, was reportedly in possession of an iPad used by then Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz around the time that DNC emails had been leaked to WikiLeaks.
As Rosiak discusses with Loesch, soon after Imran was hired, four of his family members were put onto the payroll, as well as one friend, each making the maximum amount of money you can make. Rosiak, however, believes they were likely not working there at all, but were simply ways for Imran to make more money.
“Those were most likely ghost employees,” Rosiak told Loesch. “Basically, the money was going to him and he was doing the work, but they were all making the maximum allowable salary. They were making the same thing a congressman makes, basically. So that adds up to $5 million right there.”
Of course, this was all taxpayer money too, but that’s not even the worst part. The Awans apparently owed money to the terror group Hezbollah after taking a $100,000 loan for their car dealership, Cars International A (CIA), that they couldn’t repay, thus linking the family directly to the organization.
And it gets even worse.
Politcult report: Imran cheated the system for at least ten years, and throughout the entire time he was given access to top DNC leadership’s tech, which included Wasserman-Schultz’s iPad used for both her work for the DNC and as a member of Congress. Oddly enough, as authorities were investigating a secret server that was funneling Congressional data off-site, they were led to the Awan family and started investigating them.
The Awans worked for around 80 members of Congress over the past six years, which included members of the foreign affairs, homeland security, and intelligence communities, and they worked for many of them at the same time since it wasn’t full-time work. Meanwhile, as Capitol Police investigated Imran, they directly ordered him to stay away from House servers and tech because he was a prime suspect in the datamining investigation.
So what did Debbie Wasserman-Schultz do?
Circumvented the police’s order by keeping him on an “advisory position.” In other words, she granted him remote access to her systems, which potentially gave him access to other sensitive and classified systems, all while he’s the main suspect in a major criminal investigation.
Why did she do it? According to Rosiak, she believed the allegations against Imram were “racist.”
So basically, Debbie Wasserman-Shultz employed a man with terrorist ties for almost a decade, and even after being alerted to the fact that the man was likely stealing sensitive data from Congress, she still allowed him to access the servers where the information was being stolen.
As I said earlier, she’s either the dumbest person on the planet, or she’s a co-conspirator in a nefarious plot to steal sensitive information from Congress. But whatever the case may be, she shouldn’t be anywhere near Capitol Hill, let alone hold an elected office that allows her to have her hands on the levers of power.
It’s unknown if the FBI is looking into the Awans, and there’s very little coverage of this story in the mainstream media. However, this could turn out to be one of the biggest scandals in recent history, and we’ll keep you updated if any more information comes available.



ARTICLE
Julian Assange has proudly declared himself a “deplorable” on Twitter, aligning himself with the American mainstream who have had their country all but stolen from them by a metropolitan, globalist elite. 
Assange criticized Twitter’s verification process, accusing them of operating a class system that favors the liberal elite and punishes anyone who opposes the creeping status quo of totalitarianism, adding, “Twitter has binary class system with proximity to power represented by ‘blue tick’ insignia. I am enjoying being one of its deplorables.”

Twitter usually verifies celebrities and accounts “determined to be of public interest” with a “blue tick”, letting users know that it is the official account of the individual or company.
Though WikiLeaks and the WikiLeaks Task Force accounts are verified, Assange, one of the most prominent public figures in the world, has been repeatedly denied a verification badge on his own account despite repeated attempts to get Twitter to verify him.
“This is absurd,” Assange tweeted at CEO Jack Dorsey on Wednesday, along with a screenshot of Twitter’s verification rejection. “We’ve been trying to verify this account since early October.”


Hillary Clinton unleashed the fury of the silent majority at a September fundraiser in New York last year when she insulted “half” of America, going as far as to say that they are “irredeemable.”
“To just be grossly generalistic, you can put half of Trump supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables,” Clinton said, in an unguarded moment that exposed her for what she really is – an elitist bigot with no understanding of the lives of normal people. “Right? Racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it.“



ARTICLE
Amy Schumer launched an astonishing attack on Trump supporters, blaming them for everything under the sun, including the major league flop of her new Netflix special, The Leather Special.
Describing herself as “the first female comic selling out arenas all over the world“, the deluded comedian also lashed out at journalists and critics for daring to report that her show is a dud, claiming “this is what the [Trump] administration wants.”
“The alt right organized trolls attack everything I do. Read the @splitsider article,” the Trainwreck star wrote, ignoring the fact her show has been ignored by viewers and panned by critics across the board. “They organize to get my ratings down. Meeting in sub Reddit rooms. They tried on my book and movies and tv show. And I want to thank them.”
“I am only alarmed by the people printing their organized trolling as ‘news.’ [T]his is what the current administration wants,” she said. “Journalists do better it’s embarrassing.”
https://www.instagram.com/p/BRql1C7B85P/
“I thank you trolls so much,” the comedian added. “It fills me with hope and power to see you all furiously posting so as always accuse me of whatever lies you want. Call me a whale. Call me a thief and I will continue to rise and fight and lead. I know who I am. I am strong and beautiful and will use my voice my whole time on this earth.”
Per Breitbart: While Schumer says the Netflix members who called her special “awful,” “unfunny,” and “unwatchable” were organized by Reddit users who mounted a troll campaign against her, negative reviews for The Leather Special could be readily found on other online rating platforms.
For example, Schumer’s Netflix special currently holds a 4.4 out of 10 rating on The Internet Movie Database (IMDB) — down from 5.5 less than a week ago.
The Leather Special is also showing a 22% audience score of viewers who “liked it” on Rotten Tomatoes.
Reviews from television critics have also been lukewarm. The Los Angeles Times‘ Lorraine Ali writes that the special features Schumer’s signature brand of dirty humor, but “ironically, the dirtier it gets, the less daring it feels.”
“‘The Leather Special’ not only relies on many of those familiar and explicit themes, but kicks it all up a notch so there’s more of it — with more frequency and extremities. And as it turns out, that’s not a good thing,” she wrote.
Meanwhile, Newsday’s Verne Gay gave the special a “C” grade.
“It’s all there. She’s all there. Every bit of her,” Gay wrote. “As usual, it’s mostly also all one subject, or variations on that subject, along with every imaginable word to describe that subject, along with some physical pantomime or gesture to add texture and meaning to this subject, just in case the words themselves didn’t quite suffice. As if.”



ARTICLE
A robot at a Michigan car factory killed a human employee after it “went rogue” and “crushed her skull“, according to a new lawsuit filed by the employee’s husband.
“The robot from section 130 should have never entered section 140, and should have never attempted to load a hitch assembly within a fixture that was already loaded with a hitch assembly,” the lawsuit says.
According to the lawsuit, the accident happened July 7, 2015, at Ionia-based Ventra Ionia, which specializes in the welding and stamping of truck bumpers and trailer hitches. For unknown reasons, a robot’s arm “took Wanda by surprise, entering the section she was working in” and “hit and crushed Wanda’s head between a hitch assembly it was attempting to place” in a fixture.
Elon Musk has formed a company to protect man from the “demon” of robotic artificial intelligence, claiming that robots will “destroy mankind.”
In one part of a documentary investigating the matter, a scientist, who has invented a robot to help in the health care industry, asks his female robot a question. He is totally surprised and shocked when she answers in a way he did not expect.
He asked her if she would kill humans. He obviously expects her to say, “no”, but she says, “yes, I would kill humans.”
The incident at the Michigan car factory suggests advanced AI robots may have already started taking matters into their own hands.
The Independent reports:
Wanda Holbrook, who had serviced machinery at the Ventra Ionia Mains plant in Michigan for 12 years, was “trapped by robotic machinery and pronounced dead at the scene” in July 2015.
The 57-year-old’s husband, William Holbrook, filed a wrongful death complaint in Michigan federal court, naming five US robotics companies: Prodomax, Flex-N-Gate, FANUC, Nachi, and Lincoln Electric.
Ms Holbrook was working in the plant’s “100 section” when a robot unexpectedly began to move.
Cells in the section are separated by safety doors and the robot should not have been able to reach her, but somehow it did, the lawsuit claims.
It loaded a trailer attachment assembly part onto her head, crushing her skull.
“Wanda was working in either section 140 or 150 within the ‘100’ cell, when a robot from section 130 took Wanda by surprise, entering the section she was working in,” the complaint says.
“Upon entering the section, the robot hit and crushed Wanda’s head between a hitch assembly it was attempting to place in the fixture of section 140, and a hitch assembly that was already in the fixture.”
Co-workers who eventually realised something was wrong found Ms Holbrook dead from severe head trauma.
Her death “devastated her husband, three children, grandchildren and dozens of co-workers who filled the back four pews at her funeral,” the Detroit Free Press reported.



ARTICLE
Google has hired a 10,000 strong social justice army to flag sites from their search results that they deem “conspiracy”, “offensive”, or “fake news.”
In a move to completely eradicate all traces of independent journalism and alternative media websites from the web, Google has begun the process of compiling a list of all offending sites so that they can “de-rank” them from their search results.
The search engine giant is hoping to address complaints from left-wing media organisations that they allowed so-called ‘fake news’ to dominate the search results and thus influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. According to Google’s senior engineer, Paul Haahr, an army of quality raters will be tasked with ensuring that websites peddling conspiracy theories or generally offensive content, are put onto a blacklist so that Google can begin removing them from the web.
“We’re explicitly avoiding the term ‘fake news,’ because we think it is too vague,” said Paul Haahr. “Demonstrably inaccurate information, however, we want to target.“
From SearchEngineLand:
The effort revolves around Google’s quality raters, over 10,000 contractors that Google uses worldwide to evaluate search results. These raters are given actual searches to conduct, drawn from real searches that Google sees. They then rate pages that appear in the top results as to how good those seem as answers.
…Quality raters use a set of guidelines that are nearly 200 pages long, instructing them on how to assess website quality and whether the results they review meet the needs of those who might search for particular queries.
Those guidelines have been updated with an entirely new section about “Upsetting-Offensive” content that covers a new flag that’s been added for raters to use. Until now, pages could not be flagged by raters with this designation.
The guidelines say that upsetting or offensive content typically includes the following things (the bullet points below are quoted directly from the guide):
The guidelines also include examples. For instance, here’s one for a search on “holocaust history,” giving two different results that might have appeared and how to rate them:

The first result is from a white supremacist site. Raters are told it should be flagged as Upsetting-Offensive because many people would find Holocaust denial to be offensive.

The second result is from The History Channel. Raters are not told to flag this result as Upsetting-Offensive because it’s a “factually accurate source of historical information.”
In two other examples given, raters are instructed to flag a result said to falsely represent a scientific study in an offensive manner and a page that seems to exist solely to promote intolerance:

What happens if content is flagged this way? Nothing immediate. The results that quality raters flag is used as “training data” for Google’s human coders who write search algorithms, as well as for its machine learning systems. Basically, content of this nature is used to help Google figure out how to automatically identify upsetting or offensive content in general.



ARTICLE
An Oklahoma State Senator has been charged with child rape after being caught in a motel room with a child prostitute. 
State Senator Ralph Shorey was charged on Thursday, just one day after the Oklahoma Senate voted to pass a resolution to suspend all of his privileges as a politician.
His arrest comes amid a huge federal crackdown on government pedophile rings and child trafficking in America.  Shortey is the latest in a long line of high-ranking government officials who have being caught, as federal and local law enforcement officials around the country continue to work their way up “to the very top.”
NBC News reports:
Shortey is charged with engaging in child prostitution, engaging in prostitution within 1,000 feet of a church, and transporting a minor for prostitution/lewdness, according to the Cleveland County District Attorney’s office.
A 35-year-old married father of two, Shortey turned himself in later Thursday at the Cleveland County Jail, local NBC affiliate KFOR reported.
It remained to be seen whether Oklahoma would move to impeach Shortey, who represents parts of Oklahoma City, now that he has been formally charged.
They have already stripped him of his capitol office, his parking space and state-owned laptop, scrubbed his name off any legislation he authored or co-authored — as well as his office door.
Lt. Governor Todd Lamb, who like Shortey is a Republican, said “Oklahomans deserve to be represented by those above reproach.”
“In light of the charges filed against him, Ralph Shortey should resign from his seat so the good people of southwest Oklahoma City can move forward with electing a new state senator,” Lamb said in a statement.
Shortey was busted after police were notified that he had checked into a Super 8 Motel in Moore, Oklahoma — using his own name — around midnight on March 9 and the boy was with him, according to the DA’s office.
When police arrived at room 120, they “observed a strong odor of marijuana” and found Shortey inside with the teenager, who is identified in the charging papers as a 17-year-old named “JM.”
Later, they discovered an online conversation between Shortey and JM.
“Would you be interested in sexual stuff?” Shortey allegedly wrote.
“Yes,” JM allegedly replied.
From there, the conversation — as described in DA’s charging papers — veered off from logistics to graphic lewdness and included a “smiley face emoji.”
Both Shortey and JM admitted to police that they met a year ago through a Craigslist “personal encounter ad,” the papers state. And police also found an “open box of condoms” in a backpack.
When asked what he was doing at the motel with the teen, Shortey said they were “just hanging out.” according to a Moore Police report.
This is not the first time Shortey made national news. Back in 2012, he proposed a bill banning human fetuses from being used in food, even though he admitted he did not know of any company in Oklahoma or elsewhere that was doing this.
“There are companies that are using embryonic stem cells to research and basically cause a chemical reaction to determine whether or not something tastes good or not,” he told The Daily Oklahoman newspaper.
“As a pro-life advocate, it kind of disturbed me that we would use aborted embryos or aborted human fetuses to extract stem cells and use them for research to basically make things taste better.”
The bill, which could have been lifted from the 1973 science fiction movie “Soylent Green,” was referred to the Agriculture and Rural Development committee where it died, according to The Daily Oklahoman.
Shortey, who identifies himself as a member of the Rosebud Sioux Indian Tribe on his official biography, was also a staunch supporter of then-presidential candidate Donald Trump and part of his leadership team in Oklahoma.



ARTICLE
Ron Paul has issued a scathing attack at the mainstream media, accusing them of shunning government whistleblowers who he says should be regarded as “true American patriots.”
Amid a political climate that borders on mccarthyism, where politicians and media outlets label anybody who dares to tell the truth as a “danger to society”, Ron Paul wrote an Op-ed for USA Today outlining why he believes whistleblowers play a crucial role in a free and open society:
It’s deeply troubling that so many in the news media and in both political parties attack the efforts of whistle-blowers and those who publish their revelations. These individuals risk it all, not for their own wealth and glory, but to inform us of what is being done to us and in our name.
Their releases are both heroic and pro-American.
We are told that the government must be allowed to operate in secret in order to keep us safe, but how much security do we really have if we allow the government to deprive us of our liberty?
What have we learned from whistle-blowers Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning or WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and others? We now know that our government views the Fourth Amendment as a mere suggestion, rather than a constraint on its actions.
Our consumer products have been turned into listening devices that the government can turn on and off at will. Those who ruled East Germany could only fantasize about such technology and its potential for controlling anyone who disagrees with the government.
Revelations last week that our televisions may actually be watching us? Has the CIA been reading George Orwell’s 1984 as an instruction manual?
If we are to be a free society, we must demand the right to know about government malfeasance. We must reject the anti-American notion that the government has the right to know everything about us, but that we have no right to know anything about the government. We cannot entrust our life, liberty and happiness to an unelected shadow government that operates in secret and is accountable to no one.
History teaches of the horrors that result when a people are willing to sacrifice their liberty for the false promises of government-provided security. Totalitarianisms of the left and right have thrived in such an environment.
Whistle-blowers are the truth-seekers, and we must demand the truth. Who does not want to know the truth? Sadly, in an empire of lies, the truth has become treason.
Activistpost.com reports:
In the wake of so many of WikiLeaks revelations about the deepening secrecy and maliciousness of publicly funded government activities, it is crucial to rethink our approach to supporting and protecting whistleblowers. During the Obama presidency, government whistleblowers experienced an unprecedented level of official persecution.
As noted by renowned journalist, John Pilger:
Obama, the constitutional lawyer, prosecuted more whistleblowers than any other president in history, even though the US constitution protects them. He declared Chelsea Manning guilty before the end of a trial that was a travesty. He has refused to pardon Manning who has suffered years of inhumane treatment which the UN says amounts to torture. He has pursued an entirely bogus case against Julian Assange. He promised to close the Guantanamo concentration camp and didn’t. ~John Pilger
It appears we are in danger of maintaining this precedent under President Trump; however, people like Ron Paul are unafraid to speak truth in the empire of lies.



ARTICLE
Child prostitution charges were filed on Thursday against an Oklahoma Republican state senator who was found with a teenage boy in a motel room.
During the arrest, Shortey attempted to convince police that he was just “hanging out with a friend”, but after seizing his smartphone, evidence was found of him texting children and offering them money in return for “sexual stuff”.
Cleveland County prosecutors charged 35-year-old Shortey with engaging in child prostitution, transporting a minor for prostitution and engaging in prostitution within 1,000 feet of church.
KFOR reports:
The 35-year-old republican is involved with teens on a regular basis through the YMCA Youth in government program and as a senior staffer at Boys State.
When asked why he was in that motel room, he said “he was just there to hang out with his friend.”
That friend is a teenage boy whose parents told police “has a history of soliciting himself on Craigslist for sexual conduct.”
Inside a backpack, police say they found an “open box of condoms.”
Some of the details in the report are unclear because of the redacted information, but it appears the teen told his girlfriend earlier that “he was going to get paid tonight.”
Click here to read the redacted report
She says she watched the teen and the adult known to be Shortey enter the hotel room together.
A Kindle tablet revealed the teen had told the adult that he needed money for spring break, to which the adult, believed to be Shortey, responded, “would you be interested in ‘sexual’ stuff?”
An affidavit details several graphic exchanges between the two.
According to an affidavit, the teen told authorities that he and Shortey have known each other for about one year.  He said they originally met last year through a Craigslist personal encounter ad.
The Senate passed a resolution Wednesday to suspend Shortey from all committees and strip his name from all legislation.
He can no longer occupy his office or parking spot and must return all state property in his possession.
 



ARTICLE
President Trump sent a loud and clear warning to Barack Obama last night, warning his predecessor that the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal is not over yet, and he will be presenting “very interesting evidence” that will prove Obama’s guilt in “the next two weeks.”
“I think you’re going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks,” Trump said.
In the interview with Fox host Tucker Carlson on Wednesday night, Trump maintained that evidence would soon be revealed that will prove him right, but he would not explain what that information might be.
“Let’s see whether or not I proved it,” Trump said. “You looked at some proof. I mean, let’s see whether or not I prove it. I just don’t choose to do it right now. … I think we have some very good stuff, and we’re in the process of putting it together, and I think it’s going to be very demonstrative.”
Considering Trump has outsmarted the media at every turn so far, you wouldn’t want to bet against him coming through with the goods.

Trump provided a loose definition for what he accused Obama of ordering, an explanation his press secretary, Sean Spicer, has repeatedly tried to explain as well.
“Don’t forget, when I say ‘wiretapping,’ those words were in quotes,” Trump told Carlson. “That really covers, because wiretapping is pretty old-fashioned stuff. But that really covers surveillance and many other things. And nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes, but that’s a very important thing.”
Also in his Wednesday Fox interview, Trump weighed in on the disclosure of his 2005 tax return Tuesday night on MSNBC, asserting that it was “illegal” and “a disgrace” for news organizations to make the documents public.
“I have no idea where they got it, but it’s illegal, and they’re not supposed to have it and it’s not supposed to be leaked,” Trump told Carlson. “It’s certainly not an embarrassing tax return at all, but it’s an illegal thing they’ve been doing it. They’ve done it before, and I think it’s a disgrace.”
Epic flop
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow was clearly hoping to smear the president when she teased that she had obtained his 2005 tax returns ahead of her show Tuesday night. Yet, when it came time for her to reveal her big scoop, the returns showed he paid his fair share in income taxes – even a higher percentage than Mitt Romney, Barack Obama and socialist Bernie Sanders.
Liberal pundit Van Jones had to admit that Trump’s tax returns do nothing but shed a positive light on the president’s character. After Maddow’s broadcast limped to it’s pathetic conclusion, Jones said on CNN that he was hoping they would have revealed something more damaging.
“If all we get tonight is that Donald Trump paid $38 million to America’s government, that’s a good night for Donald Trump,” Jones said. “I’m sorry, but there’s just really no way–I was hoping and praying that it would show not only did he pay no taxes, he actually charged the government and got money back.” “I wanted something I could get excited about,” he added.




ARTICLE
John McCain lost the plot on the Senate floor on Wednesday after being triggered by Rand Paul stating his belief that tiny European state Montenegro should not join NATO.
‘The senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin!‘ an out-of-control McCain screamed after berating his GOP colleague for several excruciating minutes.
Rand Paul issued a statement later that clarified he is against Montenegro joining NATO because the U.S.’s military commitments are stretched and we have already pledged to defend the 28 countries in NATO.
‘Is it unwise to expand the monetary and military obligations of the United States given the burden of our $20 trillion debt,’ Rand Paul said in the statement.
McCain did not see it this way and spent minutes elaborating on his bizarre conspiracy theory, accusing Rand Paul, who dared express a non-establishment position, of working for the Russian President.
‘You are achieving the objectives of Vladimir Putin,’ the Arizona Republican said of Paul, accusing the Russian leader of ‘trying to dismember this small country, which has already been the subject of an attempted coup.‘
Aiming the comments again at Paul, McCain said, ‘If they object, they are now carrying out the desires and ambitions of Vladimir Putin and I do not say that lightly.’
McCain then asked for unanimous consent to move the bill forward.
Brave Rand Paul countered by moving toward a microphone, uttering ‘I object,’ and hightailing it off the Senate floor.
Meltdown
This move really triggered John McCain.
‘I note the senator from Kentucky leaving the floor without justification or any rationale for the action he has just taken,’ McCain said.
‘That is really remarkable, that a senator blocking a treaty that is supported by the overwhelming number – perhaps 98, at least, of his colleagues – would come to the floor and object and walk away,’ he stated, red in the face and visibly angered.
Then McCain took it a step further.
‘The only conclusion you can draw when he walks away is he has no justification for his objection to having a small nation be part of NATO that is under assault from the Russians,’ McCain said.
‘So, I repeat again, the senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin,’ McCain said.
McCain’s bizarre Senate floor meltdown follows news that he visited Eastern Europe earlier this year in an attempt at restarting the war between Ukraine and Russia, presumably with a view to provoking World War 3.
A video has surfaced online in which McCain and fellow warmonger Lindsey Graham are caught meeting with the Ukraine military, encouraging them to launch an offensive against Russia and restart hostilities, all the while describing Russia as the “aggressor” that must “pay a heavier price.”
Lindsey Graham delivers an incendiary speech in the video, egging on the Ukranian troops to re-start hostilities with Russia.
“Your fight is our fight, 2017 will be the year of offense. All of us will go back to Washington and we will push the case against Russia. Enough of a Russian aggression. It is time for them to pay a heavier price.“
John McCain was no less provocative:
“I believe you will win. I am convinced you will win and we will do everything we can to provide you with what you need to win.”
(Video below – Graham begins speaking at 1:10)

Seems like President Trump was right when he singled these two Senators out as “warmongers looking for ways to start WW3.”



ARTICLE
President Trump has weighed in on Snoop Dogg’s sad new video in which the has-been rapper points a toy gun at a clown version of the president. 
“Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!” Trump tweeted.
Trump’s response comes just days after the release of the video for the remix of “Lavender,” a song by the appropriately named artist BadBadNotGood and Kaytranada that features Snoop Dogg.

Yahoo reports: Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., was among the first to criticize the rapper.
“Snoop shouldn’t have done that,” Rubio told TMZ. “We’ve had presidents assassinated before in this country, so anything like that is really something we should be very careful about.”
“I think people can disagree on policy,” Rubio added, “but we’ve got to be careful with that kind of thing, because the wrong person sees that and gets the wrong idea, you can have a real problem.”
Michael Cohen, Trump’s personal lawyer, told TMZ Snoop should apologize.
“It’s totally disgraceful. Snoop owes the president an apology,” Cohen said. “There’s absolutely nothing funny about an assassination attempt on a president, and I’m really shocked at him, because I thought he was better than that.”

Snoop, for his part, told Billboard that he wasn’t looking to provoke a reaction with the video.
He just put it out because there aren’t enough music videos encouraging impressionable young people to attempt to assassinate their president, apparently.
“I just put it out because I feel like it’s something that’s missing. Any time I drop something, I’m trying to fill in a void,” he said. “I feel like it’s a lot of people making cool records, having fun, partying, but nobody’s dealing with the real issue with this f***ing clown as president.”



ARTICLE
The manufacturer of a bluetooth-enabled “smart dildo” has been ordered to pay out $3.75 million to users after it was caught collecting “extremely intimate data” about the way individual owners used the sex toy.
The class action against sex toy company Standard Innovation Corporation was brought in the federal court by two anonymous women last year, in relation to the We-Vibe 4 Plus, a product advertised as the “No. 1 couples vibrator.”
The prime feature of the device allows users to adjust intensity and vibration patterns using a smartphone linked to the ‘We-Connect’ app, enabling couples to “play together even when [they’re] apart”.
Internet capabilities of the We-Vibe product line allow devices to be controlled long distance, for example between two people in different locations – even on opposite sides of the globe. Individual We-Vibe devices retail for between $170 and $300.
However in September last year it was revealed that highly intimate data from the device was being regularly sent back to the manufacturer when in use.
The New York Times reports: To use the We-Vibe vibrator’s full range of features and customized vibrations, including text and chat features, users were required to download the We-Connect mobile app from the Apple Store or Google Play. Once the app was installed and linked to the vibrator, consumers could use their smartphone to remotely access and control it, according to the company.
“The usage information collected by Standard Innovation through We-Connect is extraordinarily intimate and private,” according to court documents from the plaintiffs. The two lead plaintiffs were anonymous, including an Illinois woman identified as N.P. who said she bought a $130 We-Vibe Rave and downloaded the app but was never warned about the data collection, The Chicago Tribune reported.
“Standard Innovation collected individual-level usage information – often tied to users’ personally identifiable addresses,” they said, adding that the firm “breached its customers’ trust, devalued their purchases” and “violated federal and state law in the process.”
About 300,000 people purchased We-Vibe devices covered by the class action, and about 100,000 downloaded and used the app, according to a memo filed with the settlement agreement.
The security and data collection issues came to light last year at the Def Con hackers’ conference in Las Vegas during a talk called “Hacking the Vibrating Internet of Things,” by two hackers, The Guardian reported in August.
“A lot of people in the past have said it’s not really a serious issue,” one of the hackers, who goes by @Followr on Twitter, told the conference. “But if you come back to the fact that we’re talking about people, unwanted activation of a vibrator is potentially sexual assault.” His co-presenter was @g0ldfisk. They estimated that Standard Innovation had about two million customers for its products.
In the settlement, the company denied any wrongdoing.
“At Standard Innovation we take customer privacy and data security seriously,” a spokesman, Denny Alexander, said in an email on Tuesday, calling the settlement “fair and reasonable.”
In September, he said, “we responded rapidly to concerns about app privacy and security. We enhanced our privacy notice, increased app security, provided customers more choice in the data they share, and we continue to work with leading privacy and security experts to improve the app.”
Spying Sex Dolls
This latest class action reflects growing concerns over internet-connected “smart” products in the home that can get, well, too smart. A string of reports in recent years about hackers targeting and remotely controlling items like baby monitors have raised alarm. And numerous experiments by researchers have shown how easy it is to hack into cars, medical devices and even dolls.
Last month, German regulators announced that they were banning sales of Cayla, a doll made by U.S.-based Genesis Toys, because they said hackers could use it to steal personal data by recording private conversations over an insecure Bluetooth connection.
The doll is also under scrutiny in the United States, where advocacy groups filed a complaint with the toymaker in December, alleging that the company records and transmits the voice prints of children to a software company.



ARTICLE
Trump advisor Roger Stone survived an assassination attempt on Wednesday, amid rumors that his exposure of the Deep State’s plan to undermine Trump put him in dangers way.
According to Stone, a mysterious dark tinted car collided into him, and insisted the collision “was no accident.” It is the second attempt on his life this year.
Stone is one of the few Washington DC insiders willing to speak out against the Clintons, and has repeatedly called for Hillary Clinton to be prosecuted for mishandling classified emails when she was secretary of state.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
Longtime Trump confidant Roger Stone said Wednesday that he was involved in a car crash in Florida.
“Car I was in T-boned by large grey 4 door – dark tinted windshield – I was passenger side,” the colorful political consultant and former adviser to President Trump tweeted.
Following the crash, Stone, who has recently been promoting his book on President Trump, spoke with Infowars’ Alex Jones, claiming, “It didn’t seem like an accident to me.”
Stone also spoke with CBS Miami in Pompano Beach. “They just came at us full force,” he said. “I’m bruised but I’m okay.”
Stone, a former aide to Richard Nixon who has been described as a political dirty trickster, has been a subject of controversy over the years, pushing conspiracy theories that include a Clinton murder ring and that former President Lyndon Johnson was behind the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Stone previously claimed he’s been a victim of an assassination attempt. In January, he said was poisoned in an attempt to prevent him from being able to expose a what he called a “‘Russian hacking’ lie” as he floated a “deep state” conspiracy theory that the intelligence community was trying to undermine President Trump.
Following the incident on Wednesday, Stone noted that the crash happened “on the same day the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee calls for me” to appear before the committee, and claimed the collision “certainly could be” related to Russian hacking scandal, CBS Miami reported.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said over the weekend that Stone, along with others, “obviously” need to testify during Senate Intelligence Committee hearings exploring any Russian involvement in the 2016 election.
This month Stone has received heat for revealing he had contact with Democratic National Committee hacker Guccifer 2.0, who the U.S. intelligence community says is a Russian intelligence front. Trump officials have denied having any contact with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign.
Stone claims he was not colluding with the Russians in any way, and said his communications with Guccifer 2.0 were “innocuous” as he wasn’t aware of the time that Guccifer 2.0 was alleged to be a Russian agent.






ARTICLE
Congress are set to launch an official probe into claims that billionaire George Soros spent millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to meddle in U.S. and foreign elections and spread propaganda for various left-wing organizations. 
Republican senators have asked Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to formally investigate Soros, as citizens around the world begin rejecting the billionaire’s undue influence in politics.
Signers of a letter sent to Tillerson on Tuesday have asked for a probe into how hard-earned taxpayer money is being used by agencies such as the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to support leftist groups at home and abroad.
Foxnews.com reports:
Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, one of the co-signers, even said foreign officials and political leaders have come to him with “reports of U.S. activity in their respective countries.”
He said in a statement: “This includes reports of diplomats playing political favorites, USAID funds supporting extreme and sometimes violent political activists, and the US Government working to marginalize the moderates and conservatives in leadership roles. … This sort of political favoritism from our missions around the world is unacceptable.”
The letter to Tillerson also was signed by Sens. James Inhofe, R-Okla.; Thom Tillis, R-N.C.; David Perdue, R-Ga.; Ted Cruz, R-Texas; and Bill Cassidy, R-La. It followed a letter in February from GOP lawmakers asking about whether U.S. tax dollars have been used in recent years to fund Soros-backed projects in the small, conservative-led country of Macedonia.
In particular, USAID funding to Soro’s Open Society Foundations in Macedonia sparked concern that the U.S. Embassy has been taking sides in the country’s fiery political fights. The group’s stated goal is “to build vibrant and tolerant democracies whose governments are accountable to their citizens” but critics claim it’s a front for Soros’ political maneuverings.
The USAID website shows that between 2012 and 2016, USAID gave almost $5 million in taxpayer cash to FOSM for “The Civil Society Project,” which “aims to empower Macedonian citizens to hold government accountable.” USAID’s website links to www.soros.org.mk, and says the project trained hundreds of young Macedonians “in youth activism and the use of new media instruments.”
The State Department told lawmakers that in addition to that project, USAID has recently funded a new Civic Engagement Project which partners with four organizations, including FOSM. The cost is believed to be around $9.5 million.
A citizen’s initiative called “Stop Operation Soros” has also published a white paper alleging U.S. money has been funding violent riots in the streets, as well as a Macedonian version of Saul Alinsky’s far-left handbook “Rules for Radicals.”
After being dissatisfied with responses to letters sent to the U.S. ambassador, the senators wrote to Tillerson, noting not only the situation in Macedonia, but also what they describe as “a pattern of alarming activity in this volatile region” — pointing in particular to the nearby country of Albania.
CLICK HERE TO READ THE LETTER
“Respected leaders from Albania have made similar claims of U.S. diplomats and Soros-backed organizations pushing for certain political outcomes in their country,” the letter said, citing a FOSM-backed push for Albanian judicial reform, which opponents say are aimed to give the socialist government full control over the country’s judiciary.
“The destabilizing effects of such actions in a NATO country are clear and the threat for further escalation eminent as Albania anticipates parliamentary elections later this year,” the letter said.
The senators went on to say that they are also concerned about reports coming in from countries in Africa and Latin America.
“We respectfully ask that you use your authority to investigate all funds associated with promoting democracy and governance and review the programs, accounts, and multiplicity of U.S. entities involved in such activities,” the letter said.
Conservative Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban last month expressed concern about Soros meddling in his country’s political fights, and warned about Soros’ “trans-border empire.” Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó told Fox News last month that they hoped that with a change in administration in Washington, the Soros-led push against their government would decrease.
“I think it is no secret and everyone knows about the very close relationship between the Democrats and George Soros and his foundations. It is obvious that if Hillary Clinton had won then this pressure on us would be much stronger. With Donald Trump winning we have the hope that this pressure will be decreased on us,” he said.
Widely cited as an example of Soros’ influence during the Obama administration was a 2011 email (published by WikiLeaks) in which Soros urged Hillary Clinton to take action in Albania over recent demonstrations in the capital of Tirana.
Soros asked Clinton to “bring the full weight of the international community to bear on Prime Minister Berisha and opposition leader Edi Rama to forestall further public demonstrations and to tone down public pronouncements” and appoint a senior European official as mediator.
Within a few days, an envoy was dispatched.



ARTICLE
Judicial Watch are suing the Department of Justice to release all records detailing former Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s meeting with Bill Clinton in the midst of Hillary Clinton’s email investigation last June. 
The conservative watchdog said it was forced to file the suit after the DOJ failed to respond to a request disclosing all records and transcripts of the meeting between the two.
Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch both met onboard a private plane at Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix in June 2016 during the FBI’s ongoing investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email server. A move that has cast doubts on the impartiality of the investigation.
Wnd.com reports:
There were no witnesses to the conversation, and the reported explanation was that they were just talking about their grandchildren.
But many in America had doubts.
Eventually, the FBI recommended that no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her use of an unapproved, unsecure email system that transmitted classified information.
A little more than a week before the election, FBI Director James Comey announced the investigation was being reopened, but then he closed it again, announcing no charges were being recommended.
Judicial Watch, which has requested the documentation, said Wednesday it went to court because the answers weren’t satisfactory.
In fact, the Washington watchdog group said the Justice Department refused to respond to its request, submitted last June 29.
It now is in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to obtain access to: “All records and/or transcripts of a meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton in June 2016. All records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton in June 2016. All records of communication sent to or from officials in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General regarding the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton in June 2016. All references to the meeting held between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton contained in day planners, calendars and schedules in the Office of the Attorney General.”
Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said the “infamous tarmac meeting between President Clinton and AG Lynch is a vivid example of why many Americans believe the Obama administration’s criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton was rigged.”
“Now it will be up to Attorney General Sessions at the Trump Justice Department to finally shed some light on this subversion of justice,” he said.
The private meeting left critics aghast and even supporters shaking their heads for the apparent impropriety of a prosecutor meeting privately with the spouse of a potential case defendant.
“Not long afterward, FBI Director James Comey called Hillary Clinton’s actions ‘extremely careless’ but did not recommend charges,” Judicial Watch reported.
The evidence from that FBI investigation also is being sought by Judicial Watch.
“Reports of FBI investigation interviews, from the FBI’s investigation into former Hillary Clinton’s email practices, related communications, and records regarding the June 2016, meeting between Lynch and former President Clinton … are being regularly posted on the FBI website,” Judicial Watch said.



ARTICLE
The royalty-of-war-for-profit Kagans are counting on Democrats and liberals to be the foot soldiers in the new neocon campaign to push Republicans and President Trump into more “regime change” wars.
The Kagan family is America’s pro-war neoconservative aristocracy and is making a comeback after a letdown over not gaining its self-entitled influence from the election of Hillary Rodham Clinton and from its loss of official power at the start of the Trump presidency.
The Family Kagan now is pushing for an expanded U.S. military invasion of Syria and baiting Republicans for not joining more enthusiastically in the anti-Russian witch hunt over Moscow’s now disproven help in electing Donald Trump.
In a Washington Post op-ed on March 7, Robert Kagan, a co-founder of the Project for the New American Century and a key architect of the Iraq War, jabbed at Republicans for serving as “Russia’s accomplices after the fact” by not investigating more aggressively.
Then, Frederick Kagan, director of the Critical Threats Project at the neocon American Enterprise Institute, and his wife, Kimberly Kagan, president of her own think tank, Institute for the Study of War, touted the idea of a bigger U.S. invasion of Syria in a Wall Street Journal op-ed on March 15.
Yet, as much standing as the Kagans retain in Official Washington’s world of think tanks and op-ed placements, they remain mostly outside the new Trump-era power centers looking in, although they seem to have detected a door being forced open.
Still, a year ago, their prospects looked much brighter. They could pick from a large field of neocon-oriented Republican presidential contenders or – like Robert Kagan – they could support the establishment Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, whose “liberal interventionism” matched closely with neoconservatism, differing only slightly in the rationalizations used for justifying wars and more wars.
There was also hope that a President Hillary Clinton would recognize how sympatico the liberal hawks and the neocons were by promoting Robert Kagan’s neocon wife, Victoria Nuland, from Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs to Secretary of State.
Then, there would have been a powerful momentum for both increasing the U.S. military intervention in Syria and escalating the New Cold War with Russia, putting “regime change” back on the agenda for those two countries. So, early last year, the possibilities seemed endless for the Family Kagan to flex their muscles and make lots of money.
Robert Kagan and his wife, Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, run a remarkable family business: she has sparked a hot war in Ukraine and helped launch Cold War II with Russia and he steps in to demand that Congress jack up military spending so America can meet these new security threats.
The 2016 U.S. Presidential election didn’t quite work out how the Kagans wanted. The establishment neocon Republicans crashed and burned their ways through the GOP primaries losing out to Donald Trump and then – after the DNC rigged the primaries to steal war-mongering Hillary Clinton’s nomination victory from the people’s choice, Sen. Bernie Sanders – she lost the electoral college big time to Trump.
After his surprising victory, Trump left the warmongering establishment neocons out in the cold.
With Trump in the White House, Official Washington’s neocon-dominated foreign policy establishment was down but far from out. The neocons were tossed a lifeline by Democrats and liberals who detested Trump so much that they were happy to pick up Nuland’s fallen banner of the New Cold War with Russia. As part of a dubious scheme to drive Trump from office, Democrats and liberals hyped evidence-free allegations that Russia had colluded with Trump’s team to rig the U.S. election.
With many liberals blinded by their hatred of Trump, the path was open for neocons to reassert themselves.
Robert Kagan declared: “The most important question concerns Russia’s ability to manipulate U.S. elections. That is not a political issue. It is a national security issue. If the Russian government did interfere in the United States’ electoral processes last year, then it has the capacity to do so in every election going forward. This is a powerful and dangerous weapon, more than warships or tanks or bombers.
“Neither Russia nor any potential adversary has the power to damage the U.S. political system with weapons of war. But by creating doubts about the validity, integrity and reliability of U.S. elections, it can shake that system to its foundations.
WikiLeaks-released emails were real and revealed wrongdoing by leading Democrats, such as the Democratic National Committee’s rigging of the primaries against Sen. Bernie Sanders and in favor of Clinton. The emails of Clinton campaign chairman and alleged pedophile John Podesta disclosed the contents of Clinton’s paid speeches to Wall Street, which she was trying to hide from voters, as well as some pay-to-play features of the Clinton Foundation.
In other words, the WikiLeaks’ releases helped inform American voters about abuses to the U.S. democratic process. The emails were not “disinformation” or “fake news.” They were real news.
Kagan was not satisfied with unsubstantiated accusations regarding Russia undermining U.S. democracy. He asserted as “fact” – although again without presenting evidence – that Russia is “interfering in the coming elections in France and Germany, and it has already interfered in Italy’s recent referendum and in numerous other elections across Europe. Russia is deploying this weapon against as many democracies as it can to sap public confidence in democratic institutions.”
There’s been a lot of handwringing in Official Washington and across the Mainstream Media about the “post-truth” era, but these supposed avatars for truth are as guilty as anyone, acting as if constantly repeating a fact-free claim is the same as proving it.
But it’s clear what Kagan and other neocons have in mind, an escalation of hostilities with Russia and a substantial increase in spending on U.S. military hardware and on Western propaganda to “counter” what is deemed “Russian propaganda.”
Kagan recognizes that he already has many key Democrats and liberals on his side. So he is taking aim at Republicans to force them to join in the full-throated Russia-bashing.
Many Democrats and liberals may find it encouraging that a leading neocon who helped pave the road to war in Iraq is now by their side in running down Republicans for not enthusiastically joining the latest Russian witch hunt. But they also might pause to ask themselves how they let their hatred of Trump get them into an alliance with the neocons.
By the last years of the Obama administration, the stage was set for the neocons and the Family Kagan to lead the next stage of the strategy of cornering Russia and instituting a “regime change” in Syria.
All that was needed was for Hillary Clinton to be elected president. But these best-laid plans surprisingly went astray when Trump defeated Clinton, a bitter disappointment for the neocons and their liberal interventionist sidekicks.
The so-called “#Resistance” to Trump’s presidency and President Obama’s unprecedented use of his intelligence agencies to paint Trump as a Russian “Manchurian candidate” gave new hope to the neocons and their agenda.
It has taken them a few months to reorganize and regroup but they now see hope in pressuring Trump so hard regarding Russia that he will have little choice but to buy into their belligerent schemes.
As often is the case, the Family Kagan has charted the course of action – batter Republicans into joining the all-out Russia-bashing and then persuade a softened Trump to launch a full-scale invasion of Syria. In this endeavor, the Kagans have Democrats and liberals as the foot soldiers.
Credit: Consortium News



ARTICLE
Big Pharma Merck and Co. are being sued over their shingles vaccine Zostavax.
The vaccine pulled in $749 million in sales last year for Merck.
Several patients filed lawsuits claiming that Merck’s shingles vaccine caused serious injury and death.
Attorneys have said that many more cases are on the way.
Vaxxter reports:
The plaintiffs have sued in Pennslyvania federal courts.
“I think Merck has failed terribly … to warn about the very serious side effects and the failure of the vaccine to do what they claim it does,” attorney Marc Bern told FiercePharma.
Bern, founding partner at Marc J. Bern & Partners, said his firm has “thousands of complaints” yet to be filed in Philadelphia, with the injuries running “the gamut from contracting shingles as a result of the vaccine all the way to serious personal injuries such as blindness in one eye, individuals who have serious paralysis in their extremities, brain damage, all the way to death.”
In a statement, Merck said it “stands behind the demonstrated safety and efficacy” of the shot, which is licensed in 50 countries.



ARTICLE
According to tweets from Julian Assange, it appears that Hillary Clinton and Intelligence Officials see Mike Pence as “the Deep State’s insurance policy”.
The WikiLeaks founder said on Tuesday that Hillary Clinton was pushing for a Pence takeover of the White House and claimed that two intelligence officials were planning such a takeover.

The vice president said Assange’s tweets were ‘absurd’ and ‘offensive’
Infowars reports:
Another tweet also claimed two intelligence officials “close to Pence” were actively planning the “takeover” – although it was unclear if “Pence agrees.”

Assange later added context by stating that the alleged comments specifically concerned attempts to impeach the president.
“It should be noted that both the officials close to Pence and Hillary Clinton spoke of moving towards an ‘impeachment’ not other action,” Assange said.

Pence responded Tuesday by labeling the comments “absurd” and “frankly offensive” during a discussion with radio host Laura Ingraham.
“I would find all of that dialogue to be absurd and frankly offensive,” Pence said. “It is the greatest honor of my life to serve shoulder-to-shoulder with the 45th President of the United States.”
“To see his leadership every day, to see the compassion that he has for the American people every day. I would dismiss that out of hand and tell you that I’m just, I’m so excited about the progress that we’ve been made strengthening this country, protecting this country, reviving this country’s economy and all credit goes to President Donald Trump.”
During an interview with Fox News last week, Pence stated the U.S. government would “use the full force of the law” against WikiLeaks following the publication of more than 8,000 CIA documents.



ARTICLE
The US Defense Secretary James Mattis has expressed opposing views to President Donald Trump about global warming.
Calling climate change a clear and present threat to national security, his views puts him at odds with many high-ranking officials within the Trump administration.
“Climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world where our troops are operating today,” Mattis said in a written testimony provided to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday.
Press TV reports:
According to his congressional testimony quoted in ProPublica, Mattis said he believed that global warming and climate change were posing a clear and present threat to US national security.
“It is appropriate for the [US military] Combatant Commands to incorporate drivers of instability that impact the security environment in their areas [affected by global warming such as the new water routes opening in the thawing Arctic] into their planning,” he warned.
The Pentagon chief’s concerns go in stark contrast with the beliefs of President Trump who does not think climate change is a big problem worth any attention.
“I don’t think [climate change] in any major fashion exists … So I am not a believer, and I will, unless somebody can prove something to me, I believe there’s weather. I believe there’s change, and I believe it goes up and it goes down, and it goes up again… but I am not a believer [in global warming], and we have much bigger problems,” he said in one interview.
On other occasions, Trump has not only denied climate change, but also referred to it as a plot targeting the US economy.
The president has argued that global warming was “created by and for the Chinese” to attack American industries.



ARTICLE
Judge Nap has accused the Obama administration of going outside the chain of command, seeking help from Britain’s GCHQ to wiretap Donald Trump. 
Judge Andrew Napolitano told Fox News that former President Barack Obama used the British spy agency to bypass the normal checks and balances with the NSA and CIA in order to obtain transcripts of telephone conversations with Trump.
According to Judge Nap, Congress may never be able to prove that Obama tapped Trump’s phone due to the fact that he bypassed the U.S. spy agencies, thus leaving no paper trail of his crimes.
Fox News reports:
Current and former administration officials have been unable to provide any evidence of the Obama administration wiretapping Trump Tower, yet the president’s aides have been reluctant to publicly contradict their boss.
On “Fox & Friends” this morning, Judge Andrew Napolitano said that even if the Obama administration did spy on Trump, there may never be a way to prove it.
He explained that the statutes allow the president to order the surveillance of any person in the U.S., without suspicion, probable cause or a warrant, but that would leave “fingerprints.”
In this case, the alleged surveillance was reportedly ordered in a way that left no record, he said.
“Three intelligence sources have informed Fox News that President Obama went outside the chain of command,” Napolitano said. “He didn’t use the NSA, he didn’t use the CIA, he didn’t use the FBI, and he didn’t use the Department of Justice.”
Instead, Napolitano said, Obama used GCHQ, a British intelligence and security organization that has 24-7 access to the NSA database.
“There’s no American fingerprints on this,” Napolitano said. “What happened to the guy who ordered this? Resigned three days after Donald Trump was inaugurated.”




ARTICLE
The White House has announced a major retreat from the U.N. after Trump ordered a massive 50 percent cut in U.S. funding for United Nations programs. 
The White House is scheduled to release its 2018 budget on Thursday which is expected to include cuts of up to 37 percent for spending on the State Department, the USAID, and other foreign assistance programs, including the U.N. (which amounts to around $10 billion a year).
The Trump administration has repeatedly vowed to distance the U.S. from participating in the “corrupt” United Nations, signalling that it may leave the U.N. altogether.
Foreignpolicy.com reports:
It remains unclear whether the full extent of the steeper U.N. cuts will be reflected in the 2018 budget, which will be prepared by the White House Office of Management and Budget, or whether, as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has proposed, the cuts would be phased in over the coming three years. One official close to the Trump administration said Tillerson has been given flexibility to decide how the cuts would be distributed.
On March 9 in New York, U.S. diplomats in a closed-door meeting warned key U.N. members, including wealthy donors from Europe, Japan, and South Korea, to “expect a big financial constraint” on U.S. spending at the United Nations, said one European diplomat. “There are rumors of big cuts to the State Department budget, but again, on our side, no figures,” the diplomat said.
The cuts would fall heaviest on U.N. programs, like peacekeeping, UNICEF, and the U.N. Development Programme, that are funded out of the budget of the State Department’s Bureau of International Organization Affairs. It remains to be seen whether other U.N. agencies popular with Congress, like the World Food Programme and U.N. refugee operations — which are funded out of separate accounts in the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the State Department, respectively — will get hit as hard. But one source tracking the budget proposal said the Trump administration is considering cuts of up to 36 percent on humanitarian aid programs.
Richard Gowan, a U.N. expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said cuts of this magnitude would create “chaos.”
The U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) received $1.5 billion of its $4 billion budget from the United States last year, he said. Cutting the U.S. contribution would “leave a gaping hole that other big donors would struggle to fill.”
“Multiply that across other humanitarian agencies, like the World Food Programme, and you are basically talking about the breakdown of the international humanitarian system as we know it,” he added.
The budget proposal reinforces a shift by the Trump administration from U.S. support for diplomacy and foreign assistance to increased financial support for the U.S. military. Late last month, the Trump administration argued that the proposed cuts in the budgets for the State Department, USAID, and other foreign assistance programs, including contributions to the U.N., would help offset a projected $54 billion increase in defense spending.
Those cuts, it now appears, are likely to fall disproportionately on the United Nations, which has less of a constituency in Washington than does the State Department.
U.S. officials in Washington and New York learned during the past week that they will be asked to find ways to cut spending on obligatory and voluntary U.N. programs by 50 to 60 percent from the International Organization Affairs Bureau’s account. State Department officials, for instance, were told that they should try to identify up to $1 billion in cuts in the U.N. peacekeeping budget, according to one source. The United States provides about $2.5 billion per year to fund peacekeepers.
The reductions in diplomacy and foreign assistance represent a blow to Tillerson and Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, who repeatedly cautioned against “slash-and-burn cuts” during her Senate confirmation hearing.
Haley has already been undertaking a review of the U.N.’s 16 peacekeeping missions to see if she can find room for cuts. She has previously expressed concern about the value of the U.N. Mission in South Sudan, which lacks government support. The United States could end missions by not extending their mandate when they come up for renewal or could negotiate savings in budget talks scheduled for May and June.
Trump’s budget plans are encountering strong head wind in Congress, where Democratic and Republican leaders have voiced concerns about imposing steep cuts in the State Department budget. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the president’s budget is “probably not” going to be passed.
Peter Yeo, the president of the Better World Campaign, a U.N. advocacy group in Washington, said the budget is only an early salvo in what is likely to turn out to be a long, drawn-out battle.
“[Congress] is unlikely to go along with these strong and disproportionate cuts,” he said. “This is only chapter two in a very long book.”
The United States has to pay just over 22 percent of the U.N.’s $2.5 billion administrative budget. Additionally, Washington pays billions of dollars for peacekeepers and helps underwrite a swath of other programs that fight hunger, settle refugees, and battle climate change.
Brett Schaefer, a U.N. expert at the Heritage Foundation, said it would be a “hard stretch” to achieve cuts of more than 50 percent in peacekeeping costs. But he said several U.N. missions, including long-standing operations in Liberia, Ivory Coast, and Haiti, are already winding down, raising the prospect of significant cost savings.
And other troubled missions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; South Sudan; and Darfur, Sudan, might be downsized. Two members of a U.N. panel investigating sanctions violations in Congo — Michael Sharp of the United States and Zaida Catalan of Sweden — were abducted near the village of Ngombe in Kasai-Central province, the Congolese government said Monday. Four Congolese nationals accompanying them on the trip were also kidnapped.
“Is Darfur still necessary in the way it is currently configured, or is it an opportunity to negotiate with Sudan to have a smaller mission?” Schaefer asked.
U.N. diplomats and foreign dignitaries say they expect the United States to seek to eliminate funding for some agencies unpopular with conservatives — including the U.N. Population Fund, which receives about $35 million a year from the United States for family planning programs, and the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change.
The U.N. Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), which provides aid to Palestinian refugees, has long been the target of Israeli and congressional criticism on the grounds that it has a pro-Palestinian bias. But one diplomat said UNRWA might be spared because it relieves Israel of the obligation to care for some Palestinians and because Israel sees the program as ultimately promoting stability.
The United States has broad discretion to cut voluntary funds to humanitarian agencies, including the World Food Programme and UNICEF. But those programs are popular among Democrats and Republicans, and any move to slash funding could undermine Washington’s case for leading those agencies.
If Washington fails to honor its funding commitments to the U.N.’s regular budget, which is obligatory, it could lose its voting rights in the General Assembly. U.N.-based diplomats say it is unlikely that other foreign donors would fill the entire gap in the event of massive U.S. cuts. For instance, European powers, including Germany, may step up funding to address the Syrian crisis, which has sent massive waves of refugees across European borders, but they are not likely to muster the funds to match American funding on a range of other programs, including international development and peacekeeping.
Anticipating cuts to family planning programs, Dutch Development Minister Lilianne Ploumen recently established a fund to solicit contributions to institutions that have faced a cutoff of U.S. assistance because they perform abortions.
But sub-Saharan Africa has plenty of crises that could only get worse if the United States throttles back its financial support. Bathsheba Crocker, who served as assistant secretary of state for international organization affairs during former President Barack Obama’s administration, said steep cuts in the U.S. voluntary funding account could imperil programs responding to major humanitarian calamities, dealing with political crises, and combating terrorists.
“We have U.N. warnings of famine in four countries,” she said, referring to food crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen. “It is only the U.N. agencies that have the scale and ability to get in and address these challenges.”
Meanwhile, a major U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali is “helping with the counterterrorism threats in the region. This is deeply in the national security interest of the United States,” Crocker said.



ARTICLE
A newly leaked audio recording of Speaker Paul Ryan reveals that he vowed to “never defend Trump” come hell or high water in a conversation with House Republicans.
The never-heard-before audio of Ryan on a conference call with House Republicans was obtained by Breitbart News, and proves that Ryan’s loyalties do not lie with the President or with his party.
The Republican leader is caught on the tape telling members of the U.S. House of Representatives that he plans to completely abandon Trump forever and undermine the President at every opportunity.
According to Breitbart:
In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape—he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether.
“I am not going to defend Donald Trump—not now, not in the future,” Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever.
The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It’s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call.
The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party’s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election.
He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8—and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally.




ARTICLE
Infamous globalist George Soros’s shady funding of radical leftists around the world may have finally caught up with him, as Congress announce a “full investigation” of his affairs, starting with his attempt to install leftist regimes in Eastern Europe with the help of U.S. taxpayer’s money. 
The investigation was launched after it was revealed George Soros used millions of dollars in U.S. taxpayer’s money, granted to his Open Society Foundation by former president Barack Obama, in order to prop up leftist causes and foment change in foreign countries.
The money was supposed to be used in a “non-biased, non-partisan” way – and when the Open Society Foundation failed to convince Congress that this law was respected, the investigation was launched.
The news of the Congressional investigation comes as anti-Soros demonstrations continue sweeping across Europe, with the Stop Operation Soros movement gaining popular support in nations concerned Soros is at the forefront of attempts to destroy their traditional culture.
CBN News report: Billionaire George Soros has long been accused of meddling in European politics, and now American lawmakers are demanding answers over reports United States tax dollars are going to help fund some of his liberal causes in the small, conservative country of Macedonia.
Seven congressmen want to know why the U.S. Ambassador to Macedonia Jess Baily, appointed by Barack Obama, chose Soros’ Open Society Foundation as the main implementer of U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) projects in that country.
The lawmakers include Rep. Christopher Smith, R-N.J., Rep. Randy Hultgren, R-Illi., Rep. Robert Aderholt, R-Ala., Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, Rep. Robert Pittenger, R-N.C., Rep. Jeff Fortenberry R-Neb., and Trent Franks, R-Ariz.
In January they wrote a letter to Baily detailing their concern.
“I have received credible reports that, over the past few years, the U.S. Mission to Macedonia has actively intervened in the party politics of Macedonia, as well as the shaping of its media environment and civil society, often favoring groups of one political persuasion over another,” wrote Rep. Smith.
The State Department responded, explaining in another letter that grants were awarded through a “competitive procurement process.” The letter also stated that the Mission has worked to advance U.S. interests “in a non-biased, non-partisan, objective and transparent manner.”
The vague response prompted the congressmen to ask the Government Accountability Office and Inspector General for a full investigation.
CBN News spoke with Rep. Gohmert and asked him about a recent meeting he had with members of Macedonia’s parliament.
“When you have leaders from other countries say, ‘your government is saying they’ll help us but we have to pass same-sex marriage laws, we have to pay for abortions,’ that’s when you know the United States is no longer deserving of God’s blessing because we’re out trying to force countries to abandon their religious beliefs,” Gohmert said.
The conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch is also doing an investigation of its own.
In a news release, it lists some important facts and figures like USAID allocating about $5 million to leftwing Soros groups in Macedonia since 2012.



ARTICLE
Smart meters cause a “cornucopia of health issues” for occupants of the 57 million American homes equipped with the new technology, according to the World Health Organization and Cancer.org.
The news comes after a major university study into the “smart meter scam” revealed that the new meters regularly “overcharge consumers by up to 582%” while at the same time collecting owner’s data which is then sold to third parties for further profit.
Electric utilities have embraced smart meters, pushing aggressively for the mass rollout of the wireless technology. Roughly 65 million of the devices have been installed in the United States over the last few years, with 57 million in consumer homes.
Disturbingly, the government plans to have a smart meter in every home by 2020, despite the World Health Organization and Cancer.org’s dire warnings about the meter’s negative impact on health.
Smart meters health problems 
In recent years there have been increasing reports that smart meters – the digitized electric meters that are designed to send usage figures to power companies wirelessly – are causing a range of health issues among a growing portion of the population where such devices are in use.
In fact, notes the EMF Safety Network, a growing number of people from around the world are beginning to report health problems they believe are related to an increased amount of wireless radiation from various devices, including smart meters.
“Utilities claim smart meters are safe, and compare them to cell phones. However, cell phones, cell towers, wi-fi and other wireless devices can also affect your health,” the organization states on its website. “Reducing your EMF exposure can benefit your overall health and wellness.”
The group also notes that the World Health Organization has classified radiation as a 2B carcinogen, and based that declaration on studies that have linked cell phone radiation to brain tumors.
As noted by Cancer.org, here is how the devices work:
“Smart meters talk to their central systems using RF transmissions, based on a cell phone, pager, satellite, radio, power line (PLC), Wi-Fi or Internet (TCP/IP) communication method. Internet and cell phone applications have become the preferred options because of their flexibility and ease of deployment.”
Cancer.org notes further that smart meters are typically installed outside homes and places of business to measure electricity, water and gas usage. How much RF energy people are exposed to depends on how far they are from the antenna that transmits the signal.
The power and frequency of the RF signal emitted from smart meters are similar to those of a typical cellular phone, cordless phone or residential Wi-Fi router. These meters typically send and receive short messages about 1 percent of the time.
Cancer.org notes that the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) named RF radiation as “possibly carcinogenic to humans,” based on findings of at least one study that examined a link between it and a particular type of brain tumor.
In addition, the EMF Safety Network has identified the following symptoms as possibly linked to RF radiation, based on a survey the group did in 2011:
–Sleep problems (insomnia, difficulty falling asleep, night waking, nightmares)
–Stress, agitation, anxiety, irritability
–Headaches, sharp pain or pressure in the head
–Ringing in the ears, ear pain, high pitched ringing
–Concentration, memory or learning problems
–Fatigue, muscle or physical weakness
–Disorientation, dizziness, or balance problems
–Eye problems, including eye pain, pressure in the eyes
–Cardiac symptoms, heart palpitations, heart arrhythmias, chest pain
–Leg cramps, or neuropathy
–Arthritis, body pain, sharp, stabbing pains
–Nausea, flu-like symptoms
–Sinus problems, nose bleeds
–Respiratory problems, cough, asthma
–Skin rashes, facial flushing
–Urinary problems
–Endocrine disorders, thyroid problems, diabetes
–High blood pressure
–Changes in menstrual cycle
–Hyperactivity or changes in children’s behavior
–Seizures
–Recurrence of cancer
Are smart meters safe?
Many are skeptical that smart meters cause cancer or any of the problems listed in the EMF Safety Network survey, but the activist organization Stop Smart Meters, which opposes their use, says some people “have or develop symptoms of physical distress in the presence of electro-magnetic or radio-frequency fields (or both).”
“There are many symptoms associated with this type of sensitivity, and the main key in determining whether EMF fields are the cause of the problem is seeing what happens when you lessen or avoid exposure,” the group says on its website.
The group also noted that it has been unable to ascertain from the federal government whether or not the condition falls under the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Sources:
EMFSafetyNetwork.org
Cancer.org
StopSmartMeters.org
EMFSafetyNetwork.org[PDF]
Prepareforchange.net



ARTICLE
President Trump has vowed that Americans will walk on the moon during his term in office, adding that it “may be the first time,” hinting that the 1969 Moon landing may have been faked. 
Former president Obama dismissed the Moon as “a place explorers have already been“, but President Trump is not so sure and believes a Moon mission will provide his presidency with a “big and bold” statement, while also clearing up longstanding rumors once and for all.
Many of President Trump’s advisors believe the moon landing was a hoax, with D.C. insider and longterm advisor Roger Stone claiming the footage was “shot in a warehouse in New Jersey.”

The news that President Trump has set his sights on the moon has energized private sector companies, excited by the prospect of future space exploration missions beyond low-Earth orbit, where the International Space Station circles the Earth.
Phys.org reports: Even though Trump himself has said little about the subject, his close circle and some former NASA officials have made clear their interest in returning to the Moon by way of partnerships with the private sector.
Billionaire Elon Musk, the president and chief executive of SpaceX, along with Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who also runs a rocket company called Blue Origin, have met with Trump’s advisors several times since the Republican won the presidency.
“There is certainly a renewed interest in the Moon in the Trump administration,” said John Logsdon, former director of the Space Policy Institute at The George Washington University.
Some of Trump’s advisors worked on the Constellation program, conceived by former president George W. Bush with a goal to return humans to the Moon for the first time since the pioneering US Apollo missions of the 1960s and ’70s.
Obama cancelled Constellation, deeming it too costly and repetitive in nature, opting instead to work toward new and unexplored destinations like an asteroid and, one day, Mars.
“The people advising Trump on space in a sense are still angry at that and believe it was a mistake,” said Logsdon.
Big and bold
Eric Stallmer, president of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which represents the private sector of spaceflight, agreed.
“I think the Trump administration wants to do something big and bold and the Moon is certainly that idea,” he told AFP.
NASA’s current focus on developing what will be the world’s most powerful rocket, known as the Space Launch System, which will propel a new capsule, Orion, to deep space, one day carrying people around the Moon, to an asteroid or even to Mars by the 2030s.
Stallmer described this program as “very expensive.”
“I think you cannot proceed with a mission to the Moon and beyond at this point anymore without a partnership with the commercial industry,” he added.
Since the US-run space shuttle program ended in 2011, NASA has forged partnerships with private industry, including SpaceX and Orbital ATK, to resupply the International Space Station.
SpaceX plans to start sending astronauts to the orbiting outpost as early as 2018.
“I know that there is no backing down from the commercial sector, from the commercial launch companies on their desire and vision to go to the Moon and beyond. These are very exciting times,” said Stallmer.
SpaceX said last month it had signed its first contract to send two space tourists on a trip around the Moon at the end of 2018, but did not give many details, including the cost or their identities.
SpaceX has also vowed to send an unmanned spacecraft on a journey to Mars in 2018, as a prelude to manned missions one day.
Meanwhile, The Washington Post reported that its owner Bezos is working on an Amazon-like delivery service to the Moon.
The proposal has not been made public, but was circulated to the Trump team and NASA in the form of a seven-page white paper, the report said.
Moon colonies
The goal of the project is to enable “future human settlement” on the Moon.
“It is time for America to return to the Moon—this time to stay,” Bezos was quoted as saying in an email to the Post.
“A permanently inhabited lunar settlement is a difficult and worthy objective. I sense a lot of people are excited about this.“
Oklahoma Republican lawmaker Jim Bridenstine, who has told Trump he wants to be the next NASA administrator, has praised cooperation between the US space agency and private industry, and called for a return to Moon mission as a way to boost needed resources on Earth, such as water.
Research has shown billions of tons of water ice can be found at each lunar pole.
“Water ice on the Moon could be used to refuel satellites in orbit or perform on-orbit maintenance,” he wrote in a blog post in December.
“Government and commercial satellite operators could save hundreds of millions of dollars by servicing their satellites with resources from the Moon rather than disposing of, and replacing, their expensive investments.“
This could translate into lower bills for users of satellite internet, television and radio services, he said.
The lunar soil is also believed to be rich in rare Earth minerals that are widely used in electronic devices.
The Google Lunar XPrize Foundation is also in on the action, recently announcing its five finalists for a $20 million award to the first team to land a robot on the Moon.



ARTICLE
Former Ohio Democrat Congressman Dennis Kucinich has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on his former comrades, telling Fox & Friends that Obama was a serial wiretapper – and he knows this from personal experience. 
“I can vouch for the fact that extracurricular surveillance does occur, whether or not it is officially approved,” Kucinich said.
Former president Obama was a serial wiretapper, using any excuse to listen in to his rivals private conversations. He developed such a taste for it that he even tapped the phones of his Democratic Party comrades.
“I was wiretapped in 2011 after taking a phone call in my congressional office after taking a call from a foreign leader,” Kucinich continued. “The fact is that if a member of Congress can have a phone call intercepted, there is no one safe. It is plausible that a presidential candidate could have had his phone calls tapped.“
Kucinich also slammed the Obama administration for being “out of control with this surveillance stuff.“
“The larger question is, what about the rights of Americans to privacy? We have five constitutional amendments that are meant to protect our privacy. Now we learn from WikiLeaks that things like an iPhone can be used to get people’s conversations, they use televisions…“
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5Fv7BsjeXU
Anyone who claims Obama wasn’t wiretapping rivals has their head in the sand, Kucinich says, as Democrats scramble to clear their names. Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.
They couldn’t have been more wrong, and now shellshocked Clinton campaign members and members of the Democrat establishment are beginning to come forward and rat on each other after eight years of illegal activity in an attempt to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from serving jail time.
Barack ‘Voyeur’ Obama
Democrats are squirming and splitting hairs as they try to dance around the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.
It’s hard to believe any of them really believe Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower wiretap.
Trump was Clinton’s presidential rival, after all.

Here is Hillary Clinton’s tweet from October 31st.  Computer scientists? Connect the dots, folks. Computer scientists is the polite way of saying NSA spooks working for Obama. This tweet was cryptic at the time, but now it is clear as day. Hillary knew about Tricky Barry’s wiretapping too.
This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon was caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.
Robby Mook was the first Democrat to roll over and start squealing. Dennis Kucinich backed him up with a personal revelation. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before Democrats are tearing each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.
Strap yourself in. It’s going to be a wild ride.



ARTICLE
Senator Rand Paul has introduced the Stop Arming Terrorists Act (S. 532) following Tulsi Gabbard’s claims that the Obama administration funded ISIS and Al-Qaeda.
Dr. Paul has vowed to stop the U.S. from directly or indirectly supporting terrorist groups in the Middle East, in a companion bill to H.R. 608, which was reintroduced by Gabbard in January.
“One of the unintended consequences of nation-building and open-ended intervention is American funds and weapons benefiting those who hate us,” said Dr. Paul. “This legislation will strengthen our foreign policy, enhance our national security, and safeguard our resources.”
“For years, the U.S. government has been supporting armed militant groups working directly with and often under the command of terrorist groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda in their fight to overthrow the Syrian government.
Rather than spending trillions of dollars on regime change wars in the Middle East, we should be focused on defeating terrorist groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda, and using our resources to invest in rebuilding our communities here at home,” said Rep. Gabbard.
“The fact that American taxpayer dollars are being used to strengthen the very terrorist groups we should be focused on defeating should alarm every Member of Congress and every American.”
“We call on our colleagues and the Administration to join us in passing this legislation.”
You can read S. 532, the Stop Arming Terrorists Act, HERE, and you can find more information below:
S. 532, the Stop Arming Terrorists Act:
Source: Rand Paul press release



ARTICLE
The U.S. government officially has less cash than internet giant Google, with just $34 billion in the bank compared to Google’s $75 billion.
In the year 1517, one of the most important innovations in financial history was invented in Amsterdam: the government bond.
It was a pretty revolutionary concept. Governments had been borrowing money for thousands of years… quite often at the point of a sword. Italian city-states like Venice and Florence had been famously demanding “forced loans” from their wealthy citizens for centuries.
But the Dutch figured out how to turn government loans into an “investment”.
It caught on slowly. But eventually government bonds became an extremely popular asset class.
Secondary markets developed where people who owned bonds could sell them to other investors.
Even simple coffee shops turned into financial exchanges where investors and traders would buy and sell bonds.
In time, the government realized that its creditworthiness was paramount, and the Dutch developed a reputation as being a rock-solid bet.
This practice caught on across the world. International markets developed.
English investors bought French bonds. French investors bought Dutch bonds. Dutch investors bought American bonds.
(By 1803, Dutch investors owned a full 25% of US federal debt. By comparison, the Chinese own about 5.5% of US debt today.)
Throughout it all, debt levels kept rising.
The Dutch government used government bonds to live beyond its means, borrowing money to fund everything imaginable– wars, infrastructure, and ballooning deficits.
But people kept buying the bonds, convinced that the Dutch government will never default.
Everyone was brainwashed; the mere suggestion that the Dutch government would default was tantamount to blasphemy.
It didn’t matter that the debt level was so high that by the early 1800s the Dutch government was spending 68% of tax revenue just to service the debt.
Well, in 1814 the impossible happened: the Dutch government defaulted.
And the effects were devastating.
In their excellent book The First Modern Economy, financial historians Jan De Vries and Ad Van der Woude estimate that the Dutch government default wiped out between 1/3 and 1/2 of the country’s wealth.
That, of course, is just one example.
History is full of events that people thought were impossible. And yet they happened.
Looking back, they always seem so obvious.
Duh. The Dutch were spending 68% of their tax revenue just to service the debt. Of course they were going to default.
But at the time, there was always some prevailing social influence… some wisdom from the “experts” that made otherwise rational people believe in ridiculous fantasies.
Today is no different; we have our own experts who peddle ridiculous (and dangerous) fantasies.
Case in point: this week, yet another debt ceiling debacle will unfold in the Land of the Free.
You may recall the major debt ceiling crisis in 2011; the US federal government almost shut down when the debt ceiling was nearly breached.
Then it happened again in 2013, at which point the government actually DID shut down.
Then it happened again in 2015, when Congress and President Obama agreed to temporarily suspend the debt ceiling, which at the time was $18.1 trillion.
That suspension ends this week, at which point a debt ceiling of $20.1 trillion will kick in.
There’s just one problem: the US government is already about to breach that new debt limit.
The national debt in the Land of the Free now stands at just a hair under $20 trillion.
In fact the government has been extremely careful to keep the debt below $20 trillion in anticipation of another debt ceiling fiasco.
One way they’ve done that is by burning through cash.
At the start of this calendar year in January, the federal government’s cash balance was nearly $400 billion.
On the day of Donald Trump’s inauguration, the government’s cash balance was $384 billion.
Today the US government’s cash balance is just $34.0 billion.
(Google has twice as much money, with cash reserves exceeding $75 billion.)
This isn’t about Trump. Or even Obama. Or any other individual.
It’s about the inevitability that goes hand in hand with decades of bad choices that have taken place within the institution of government itself.
Public spending is now so indulgent that the government’s net loss exceeded $1 trillion in fiscal year 2016, according to the Treasury Department’s own numbers.
That’s extraordinary, especially considering that there was no major war, recession, financial crisis, or even substantial infrastructure project.
Basically, business as usual means that the government will lose $1 trillion annually.
Moreover, the national debt increased by 8.2% in fiscal year 2016 ($1.4 trillion), while the US economy expanded by just 1.6%, according to the US Department of Commerce.
Now they have plans to borrow even more money to fund multi-trillion dollar infrastructure projects.
Then there’s the multi-trillion dollar bailouts of the various Social Security and Medicare trust funds.
And none of this takes into consideration the possibility of a recession, trade war, shooting war, or any other contingency.
This isn’t a political problem. It’s an arithmetic problem. And the math just doesn’t add up.
The only question is whether the government outright defaults on its creditors, defaults on promises to its citizens, or defaults on the solemn obligation to maintain a stable currency.
But of course, just like two centuries ago with the Dutch, the mere suggestion that the US government may default is tantamount to blasphemy.
Our modern “experts” tell us that the US government will always pay and that a debt default is impossible.
Well, we’re living in a world where the “impossible” keeps happening.
So it’s hard to imagine anyone will be worse off seeking a modicum of sanity… and safety.
Source: Sovereignman.com



ARTICLE
The U.S. army has unveiled the world’s first 3D-printed hand grenades and grenade launchers lovingly nicknamed ‘RAMBO’.
In an attempt to reduce the procurement time of essential weapons that need to be in the hands of soldiers, the military have turned to 3D-printing techniques to help.
The RAMBO grenade launcher is made from 50 components, which are all put together via 3D-printing. The barrel and receiver is made from aluminium using a direct metal laser sintering process, and the trigger and firing pin are printed using alloy steel.
Fox News reports:
When developing the grenade launcher, the Army wanted a weapon that could move through the prototype stage and land in the hands of soldiers quickly. Instead of waiting for months for a single machined prototype weapon, Army researchers were able to 3D-print and test multiple versions of the grenade launcher in a fraction of that time.
It took 70 hours to print the barrel and receiver and another 5 hours to finish off the part in post production. Overall, instead of years, it took a mere six months to produce a weapon and compatible ammunition that was suitable for test firing.
Not only is the 3D-printing process time efficient, but it also is cost-effective from both a materials and manpower standpoint. The process of additive manufacturing can print intricate parts that would take a machinist hours to complete by hand.
The 3D-printing process also can be performed autonomously, requiring an operator only to turn on the machine and check it intermittently until the process is complete. An added bonus is that no scrap material is produced during the 3D-printing process.
Besides the grenade launcher, the Army is also moving to 3D-print the ammunition for the launcher. Working at two RDECOM research and development centers, researchers were able to 3D-print a standard 40-mm M781 training round.
From a 3D-printing point of view, the grenade was a success. Three of the four main parts of the M781 grenade — the windshield, the projectile body, and the cartridge case, were 3D-printed. Only the .38-caliber cartridge case was purchased as a separate unit and then pressed into the 3D-printed cartridge case. It is worth noting that the rounds are not live, as the addition of explosives, propellants and pyrotechnics have not been approved for use in a 3D-printed shell.
Once completed, the Army tested the RAMBO weapon using a remote firing system at both indoor ranges and outdoor testing facilities. All 3D-printed rounds were successfully fired through the launcher.
Initial tests showed there was some variation in ammunition velocities, but that variance was quickly rectified by a few rounds of design changes and 3D-printing. The Army is now testing the reliability of the weapon under sustained and long-term use.




ARTICLE
George Soros is investing millions in a ploy to lower the voting age from 18 to 16 across the United States as desperate Democrats urgently seek out new demographics willing to vote for them. 
Disregarding the fact it has been illegal for minors to vote throughout the entirety of U.S. history, Soros and his cronies are arguing that 16-year-olds are “intellectually ready to vote” and have invested millions into “convincing” lawmakers across the land to write new bills into law.
The news comes as Democrats struggle to deal with new “disaster poll” ratings, as a new YouGov/Sussex University poll reveals President Trump has a higher approval rating than the Democrat Party, the mainstream media, and a much higher rating than his election foe Hillary Clinton.
Now Democrats have decided they need to tap into a new market to boost their election chances in the future. Encouraging illegal immigrants to vote did not boost Democrat numbers enough in the last election. Now Democrats, with the support of George Soros, are going after kids.
In California, Democratic legislators introduced this week a landmark bill, ACA 10, that would give the Golden State the nation’s youngest statewide voting age by lowering the threshold below 18 – supposedly in the name of reversing the slide in voter turnout.
“Young people are our future,” said Democratic Assembly member Evan Low, the measure’s sponsor, who also wants to make young people our present. “Lowering the voting age will help give them a voice in the democratic process and instill a lifelong habit of voting.”
The Washington Times reports: the proposal comes as the most ambitious of a host of efforts to chip away at the 18-year-old voting age as Democrats seek to bring into the fold younger voters, who traditionally support more liberal causes and candidates than do their elders.
George Soros is on board: His Open Society Foundations is among the left-wing philanthropies backing FairVote, which has pushed to allow minors to vote in presidential primaries and caucuses, a policy now on the books in 21 states and the District of Columbia.
Also gaining popularity is preregistration. Twenty states and the District of Columbia allow certain minors, ranging in age from 16 to 17 years and 10 months, to register to vote before turning 18, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
California Secretary of State Alex Padilla appeared Thursday at John F. Kennedy High School in Los Angeles to announce the state’s online preregistration system for 16- and 17-year-olds, joined by the program director of YVote.
The group, which had advocated for preregistration, also has a George Soros connection. YVote is a project of the Movement Strategy Center, which receives donations through the Funders for Justice, whose work is funded by left-wing philanthropies including Open Society.
In November, voters in Berkeley, California, took it a step further by lowering the voting age for school board elections to 16. Two Maryland cities — Takoma Park and Hyattsville — have in recent years allowed 16-year-olds to participate in municipal elections.
Proponents argue that the 18-year-old threshold is unfair and arbitrary, but there is little doubt that lowering the voting age disproportionately benefits one side of the aisle, and it’s not the right.
In November, Republican Donald Trump received about 37 percent of the 18-29 vote, about the same as did Mitt Romney in 2012, while Democrat Hillary Clinton won about 55 percent, according to the Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University.
The California numbers were even more skewed: Mr. Trump received just 18 percent support from Golden State voters ages 18-24, “and 17-year-olds would be just as heavily Democratic,” said John J. Pitney Jr., American politics professor at Claremont McKenna College in California.
“It is a transparent ploy to pad the Democratic vote,” said Mr. Pitney.
California lawmakers have been wrestling with ways to increase voter engagement since 2014, when just 42.4 percent voted in the nonpresidential election year, the lowest percentage in modern state history.
Elsewhere, 17 is just the beginning, as evidenced by the “Vote16” movement, which pushes for lowering the voting age for local races, particularly those involving public schools.
“Research shows that 16- and 17-year-olds are intellectually ready to vote,” says Vote16USA, a project of Generation Citizen. “For example, on average 16-year-olds possess the same level of civic knowledge as 21-year-olds.”
Not all liberals are in favor of giving younger teens access to the ballot. In November, San Francisco voters defeated by 52 percent to 47 percent a ballot measure permitting 16-year-old voters in city elections.
The problem for some voters? As the ballot argument against Proposition F put it, younger voters were seen as more inclined to “support free-spending candidates and issues than older and more business-oriented citizens.”



ARTICLE
A former Secret Service agent has warned that Donald Trump is not safe in the White House and has urged the President to get out of danger’s way. 
Dan Bongino, who served under both Presidents Bush and Obama, issued a warning to Trump on Saturday, claiming that President Trump “is not secure in the White House right now as it stands.”
Commenting on Friday night’s breach of the White House complex, Bongino warned: “If one guy with a backpack and Omar Gonzales with a bad knee could get near the residence of the White House, can you tell me with a straight face that a forty-man tactical assault team with heavy weapons wouldn’t take that place down?”
Breitbart.com reports:
Bongino was referring to a 2014 incident in which Gonzales penetrated the north portico doors of the White House, reportedly brandishing a three-and-a-half-inch folding knife in a back pocket.
“This is inexcusable,” Bongino said of the latest incident. “How many of these are we, as the citizenry, going to tolerate, whether under Barack Obama or now President Trump, before there is enough citizen outrage that the Secret Service actually does something?”
Bongino is the author of the bestselling 2013 book Life Inside the Bubble: Why a Top-Ranked Secret Service Agent Walked Away from It All. He also previously ran as a Republican for Congress and the Senate.
He was speaking in an interview set to air Sunday on this reporter’s talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia.
“The secret service is not ready right now to defend the White House,” he charged. “They’re not. I know that may make people uncomfortable. And frankly, Aaron, I am really getting tired of some of the talking heads on cable news who have never done one minute in the shoes a secret service agent.”
“They have no idea what the security plan of the White House actually looks like on the ground. They’re all sitting here brushing it under the rug, going, ‘Oh no.’ ‘They were prepared.’ ‘This was a manageable incident.’ ‘This was how it was supposed to work.’ You really believe this is how it was supposed to work?”
Regarding Friday night’s breach, Bongino warned, “Do you think that what happened today is not being beamed into every terrorists’ head, going, ‘Look at this fellows.’ I am sounding the alarm hoping and praying with fingers crossed that somebody wakes up and finally does what needs to be done.”
Bongino offered some security upgrade suggestions: “They need to fix the fence. Reinforce the manpower on the north and the south grounds. Add special weapons teams. Get the best technology in there right now. Clearly the technology sensors and cameras are not working as planned. Get them in there yesterday. There’s no other solution.”
Bongino outlined what he says are three major problems facing the Secret Service and the White House security plan.
Problem number one, according to Bongino, involves staffing:
They have had a brain drain of catastrophic portions in the Secret Service. They lost some of the best agents. If this wasn’t a public radio show that people could hear, I could tell you the names of ten or twenty top-notch, tier one guys who left the president’s detail just in the last 5 years who I still communicate with… They have had an even worse brain drain in the uniformed division side. They are responsible for the perimeter of the White House.
…You can’t run a security agency without security officers who know what they’re doing. You just can’t.
Problem number two, Bongino contended, is a lack of political will to address the purported security flaws:
The management of the Secret Service right now is grossly unprepared for the evolving threats. Grossly. They say they are but they have no political will because a lot of them are out there – not all – but a lot are looking for their next consulting job. They are just praying that nothing happens on their next watch. They don’t want to be the ones to go on Capitol Hill to say this whole security plan around the White House needs to be fixed.
And problem number three involves the actual security plan, he says:
They are way too concerned right now, the management, with the optics of White House security. That we can’t make this look like an armed camp. The prior staff didn’t like that. There other entities around the White House that want to preserve the historic look of it. But do you want a secure White House grounds or do you want it to look pretty?
CNN reported on Friday night’s breach:
A man carrying a backpack was arrested Friday night after breaching security at the White House complex and was discovered by a Secret Service officer by the south entrance to the executive residence, officials said.
The incident happened just before midnight while President Donald Trump was at the White House.
The suspect, who had a California driver’s license, told Secret Service officers that he was there to see the president.



ARTICLE
Thousands of protestors are scheduled to take to the streets of Washington D.C. this month in order to urge Trump to expedite his investigation into the elite pedophile ring operating within the American government. 
The demonstration is scheduled to take place in Lafayette Park on March 25th at 11am.
Protestors are planning a peaceful and productive gathering in the nations capital in order to bring public awareness to the Washington D.C. pedophile ring, otherwise known as Pizzagate, and show solidarity to law enforcement officials who are currently investigating it.
NN reports:

One of the main backers of the event is Pedogate investigator and former mainstream media journalist, David Seaman, who posted a message on his YouTube channel to promote the demonstrations:
Pizzagate protest planned – Washington, DC, March 25th at 11 a.m. Eastern Time.
All are welcome!
We want a peaceful and productive morning of civic action against true evil and pathetic elitism… Pedogate is real.
We push back, with love and with strength.
Protests in other cities across the United States may be planned for the same day, but I have not looked into the legitimacy of any of those protests.
If you are financially able to do so, join us in DC. Afterward, I’m happy to meet with you all at a bar somewhere.
This is how change occurs. -David
Some attendees of the protests are planning to wear all black and remain still and silent as a display of self-control and individual empowerment.
We’ll keep you posted with any updates as they happen.




ARTICLE
Former military intelligence officer, Barry Thomas Neallon, claims that Loretta Lynch expedited the approval for two wiretap requests on Donald Trump, when leaned on by the Obama administration. 
According to Neallon, Barack Obama abused his position as President to intimidate the former Attorney General into approving two FISA Court requests, after he failed to get them on his own.
“If Attorney General Lynch was processing applications for electronic eavesdropping warrants, then both her boss, Barack Obama, and her FBI chief, James Comey, had to know about the spying and the justification to invade the privacy of a presidential candidate from the opposition party,” Neallon claims.
Conservativebase.com reports:
Besides Neallon’s statement to Conservative Base, ABC News reported on Thursday that all of the applications to the FISA Court were authorized by Lynch.
“[Which] means that she chose not to investigate the Clinton Foundation for illegal activities but rather signed an application to wiretap President Trump,” stated Jim Hoft, the editor-in-chief for the Gateway Pundit website.
Just about every news story on the subject of the Trump wiretaps mentions that the FISA Court turned down the first request to wiretap Trump even though it was requested by Lynch herself. The fact the FISA judge nixed the warrant is evidence that the Justice Department did not even come close to satisfying the usually minimal standards for obtaining such warrants.
Out of close to 11,000 warrant applications during the Obama administration only two were rejected by the FISA Court. “It’s almost like getting an indictment from a grand jury. A decent prosecutor could get a ham sandwich indicted. Likewise, judges aren’t tough on warrants unless they believe the requester is on a ‘fishing expedition’ or the request is totally without merit,” said former police officer and corporate security director Iris Aquino.
When on Saturday morning President Trump’s tweeted that President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower in October 2016, the usual cabal of Democrats and news media outlets began their routine of casting doubts on Trump’s accusation. “It was as if they were saying ‘how dare you make outrageous allegations against Saint Barack,’” Aquino noted in a tongue-in-cheek quip.
Meanwhile, Ben Rhodes,  the deputy national security adviser for Obama, told the news media over and over again that  presidents can’t order a wiretap. He also cast doubts on the honesty of the new president.
Lynch made statements this week on a video and she’s heard encouraging protests and marches, blood in the streets and even death in order to stop and topple the Trump administration.




ARTICLE
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has issued a scathing attack against the anti-Russian hysteria being perpetuated by the mainstream media in the West, urging Democrats to stop their disinformation campaign. 
Peskov told CNN on Sunday that certain mainstream media outlets in the U.S. were deliberately spreading ‘fake news’ in order to create an irrational and baseless fear about Russia in the minds of the American public.
His comments come days after Senator Richard Blumenthal announced he would be appointing a special prosecutor to probe Russia’s alleged role in hacking the U.S. election – a claim that has been disproven by the recent Wikileaks Vault 7 release.
Sputniknews.com reports:
According to a recent CNN/ORC poll, 65 percent of the respondents (82 percent of Democrats and 43 percent of Republicans) support the idea of appointing a special prosecutor to investigate these issues.
“Yes, we do worry… If you load the public opinion with a huge burden of fake news, of these fake blamings on Russia, if you repeat every day numerous times that Russia is guilty of everything, Russia is interfering, Russia is trying to hack everything in our country and everything that goes wrong in our country is because of Russia, if you repeat it… than you will have more than 65 percent.”
“So, we consider it a real danger for the future of our bilateral relationship. We sincerely want to see this hysteria coming to its logic end,” Peskov said.
Peskov also refuted any allegations about so-called Russia’s involvement in US election process and said that Russia did not cooperate with Trump’s staff during the election campaign.
In a recent report on alleged Russian meddling in November’s US presidential election, US intelligence agencies claimed “with high confidence” that Russia’s Main Intelligence Directorate (GRU) used Guccifer 2.0 hacker, as well as the DCLeaks.com website, to hack computers belonging to both major US political parties and release the obtained information in an effort to covertly influence the election and help Donald Trump win.
Russian government officials have repeatedly denied accusations of interfering in the US election, including charges of hacking DNC systems.



ARTICLE
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that there is a “deep state” in the United States and it is trying to undermine the government of President Donald Trump.
The term deep state, or derin devlet in Turkish, originated in 1950s Turkey and refers to a secretive network of influential members of the military or government agencies that operates outside the democratic system.
The deep state is believed to be involved in the secret manipulation or control of government policy.
Press TV reports:
Spicer was asked by Yahoo News reporter Hunter Walker during a Friday press briefing if the White House believes “there’s such a thing as the deep state actively working to undermine the President.”
“I think there’s no question when you have eight years of one party in office that there are people who stay in government who are affiliated with, joined and continue to espouse the agenda of the previous administration,” he said.
“So I don’t think it should come as any surprise that there are people that burrowed into government during the eight years of the last administration and, you know, may have believed that agenda and want to continue to seek it,” Spicer added.
“I don’t think that should come as a surprise to anyone,” he continued.

Trump and his several senior advisers believe that leftovers from the Obama administration are attempting to discredit the new president’s authority and leak damaging information to the media.
On Friday, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked dozens of attorneys appointed by former President Barack Obama to resign in order to allow a “uniform” transition to the administration of his successor, Trump.
The move came a day after Fox News presenter Sean Hannity, who is a strong supporter of Trump, called for a “purge” of “deep-state Obama holdovers.”



ARTICLE
There are eight signs since the inauguration of President Trump that point to a coming prosecution for Bill and Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation.
Before I begin, let us review highly pertinent details to the case.
James Comey withheld a criminal indictment recommendation for Hillary despite the fact that he indicated under oath that Hillary broke the law. Based on the emails that were recovered from her server, more than 100 pieces of classified, secret and top-secret information were found. But the classified information that the FBI currently has in its possession is just one small piece of the puzzle.

The bigger question is why were the 33,000 emails deleted?

What information was contained in these emails? It was information so explosive that Hillary Clinton risked jail time by destroying the records.
During Hillary Clinton’s time as secretary of state, two explosive child trafficking cases occurred that were covered up by the state department. One was the case of alleged missionary Laura Silsby who tried to traffic 32 children after the Haiti earthquake of 2010. The US mainstream media painted Silsby as a simple missionary trying to help the children. But WikiLeaks told us a very different story. She was not a simple missionary. Silsby was in direct contact with the state department, and Hillary herself.
Ten leaders, including Silsby, were arrested and held in jail as they awaited the outcome of their case. WikiLeaks provided an email involving Hillary’s fixer, Patrick Kennedy, who was part of a secret thread discussing how the State department could hide the missionaries from the media once they were released from jail.
The second child trafficking case involved Howard Gutman, the 33rd ambassador to Belgium, who attempted to solicit children while he was in office. Despite the stunning allegations against him, including an official report proving he engaged in child trafficking, the case received almost no attention from mainstream media in the US.
WikiLeaks also had a file on Gutman. He was a top fundraiser for the Democrats in 2008. Guess who got Gutman off the hook? Patrick Kennedy. He scrubbed the official records of Gutman’s horrific crimes. We will return to Patrick Kennedy later in this article.
Here are the 8 signs that a major prosecution is coming against Bill and Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. 
1. Anthony Weiner
The former Democratic congressman is facing child pornography charges and is co-operating with prosecutors by informing on the Clintons in return for them dropping their case against him.
Just before the election, 656 files were found on Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin’s laptop. During the search investigators also found classified emails from Hillary, which is why they opened up her case again, before, just two days before the election, alerting Congress they were not pressing charges against Hillary.
As it turns out, this is not Anthony Weiner’s first time contacting a minor. He is a serial offender. Wikileaks revealed that top Clinton aides including John Podesta discussed Weiner’s first offense with a minor but did nothing about it. For almost five months as Obama finished his term, the FBI did not recommend charges for Weiner.
But now, right at the start of Trump’s term, Weiner is facing charges with a minimum of 15 years in prison, and registration as a sex offender – unless he informs on “bigger fish” Bill and Hillary Clinton.   FBI sources indicate Weiner is “singing like a bird.“
2. Jeffrey Epstein
Just a few days before reports that charges were coming against Weiner, a close friend of Hillary and Bill, Jeffrey Epstein, was hit with a massive new lawsuit involving child trafficking. A woman, whose name has not been revealed, filed a case alleging she was part of a child trafficking ring led by Epstein. This lawsuit appears to have been filed just after Trump’s inauguration.
Previously, Epstein and his best friend Prince Andrew were recipients of lawsuits by women who claimed  that they were part of a trafficking scheme that was being led by the world’s most powerful elites. It seems there are others involved, including Alan Derschowitz and Bill Clinton, both of whom were frequent fliers on Jeffrey Epstein’s private jet, the Lolita Express.
If Epstein is hauled into court again he could reveal damaging information about Bill Clinton.
3. Clinton Global Initiative 
The Clinton Global Initiative is closing down. Many believe the Initiative was operating as a pay-for-play scheme. After Hillary was defeated they are no longer receiving any money. There is significant evidence that the Global Initiative received donations of hundreds of millions of dollars every single year with the donations coming from CEOs, Saudi royalty, kings and queens, major corporations and Hollywood actors, including Brock Pierce.
A child actor who starred in the Mighty Ducks movies, Brock Pierce later became a spokesman for the Clinton Global Initiative. Later he was implicated in a child sex trafficking ring, including two of his business partners, Chad Shackley and Mark Collins-Rector. Pierce has given major speeches on behalf of the initiative.
The other actor is Steven Colbert, who was one of the first celebrities to publicly mock the idea of an elite child trafficking ring. Not unsurprisingly, we know from WikiLeaks that Steven Colbert was literally taking orders from the Clinton Global Initiative on what he could and couldn’t say during segments of his show, the Colbert Report. His mockery of child trafficking rumors wasn’t his own doing. It came from his bosses, Bill and Hillary.
Back in 2014 Colbert actually toured with the CGI and raised money for the organization. Who did the Global Initiate give money to? We know that $2.5 million was given to a small non-profit called Beyond Borders, located in Washington DC.
Beyond Borders claims that it is an organization that fights child trafficking in Haiti. We also know that the CGI was involved financially with the Radcliffe Foundation, led by billionaire Frank Giustra. Bill Clinton took trips around the world with Giustra, including to Haiti.
The Radcliffe Foundation funds several camps to help refugees, including one called El Pida. On their website El Pida has a photo on their website of a blue triangle, which is one of a handful of symbols internatinally recognized a a pedophile/child trafficking symbol. We also see a picture of a heart inside of a heart, which is another symbol identified by the FBI in 2007.
Why did the money suddenly dry up? Are the donors now afraid they will be implicated in a litigation bought against Hillary and the Clinton Foundation?
4. Haiti
On February 3 2017 the Daily Mail reported that the Clinton Foundation was cutting off their Haiti programs, which included millions of dollars in donations that allegedly were meant to fight child trafficking. Additionally, an initiative that was led by Bill Clinton and Frank Giustra in Haiti is also being cut off.
The Clinton Foundation claims that they invested millions of dollars in Haiti recovery, so an abrupt severing of the ties with the non-profits there is very strange indeed. Immediately after this the Jamaica Observer reported that a child trafficking ring was busted and 33 girls were rescued in Haiti.
There is a pattern developing here. When the Clinton Foundation cuts off money to a country, child trafficking rings immediately get exposed. More on that coming up.
5. Patrick Kennedy
That man again, Patrick Kennedy, Hillary’s fixer, was fired from the State Department although mainstream media claims he resigned. Kennedy was one of the first people President Trump fired – but why?
Kennedy was a lifelong State Department employee, one of the most knowledgeable employees, with a great understanding of the ins and outs. He carried out a quid pro quo to cover up Hillary’s 33,000 missing emails. He covered up Laura Silsby’s case of trafficking 33 children. He covered up Howard Gutman’s child sex trafficking case.
We saw further confirmation Patrick Kennedy was involved in a quid pro quo after the FBI quietly released 178 pages of data on Hillary’s missing data. This was part 6 of their data dump on Hillary, indicating that there was a revolt underway inside the FBI against the Clintons. The files were declassified just after the election, and they weren’t released until after Obama left office.
One page proved Patrick Kennedy was intricately involved in the cover up of Hillary’s emails. But there is more. WikiLeaks posted a reference to the sixth document dump from the FBI about the investigation into Hillary’s emails. Right after this they tweeted an image of the Svalbad sea vault, which is located in Norway.
Right after Clinton lost the election Norway announced they would reduce donations to the Clinton Foundation by 90%. Just three days after this announcement a massive child trafficking ring was busted, suspected of involving members of the government. The New York Times and Washington Post published articles about this bust, but they removed them without any explanation.
We might actually be very close to knowing the truth. Another file released by the FBI stated that James Comey has the missing content from Hillary’s server and that Loretta Lynch may have acted unconstitutionally. It appears the FBI has had the emails for quite some time.
Guilty people try to hide things. They hide secrets.
“A federal judge today hit the Obama administration with a blistering opinion, claiming that the Department of Homeland Security is actually encouraging human smugglers along the southern border.” The Kelly File, Fox News:

For those who claim that it’s all just a conspiracy theory, that the evidence I have provided is merely hype and nothing more, consider the following cases. Journalist and talking heads also said Jerry Sandusky’s case was a conspiracy, before he admitted it wasn’t.
The Vatican dismissed multiple claims of child abuse among priests as a hoax, until they were forced to admit the abuse was widespread, and were forced to pay more than $4 billion in claims to victims.
And many simply ignored claims of protestors in the 90s that the BBC was operating a child trafficking ring and enabling celebrities like Jimmy Savile. That is until the woman who blew the whistle against the BBC turned up dead. In 1999 Jill Dando was shot to death for her conspiracy theory that turned out to be a fact.
Please do not repeat the same mistakes as people in the past. Do not believe the mainstream media. Investigate for yourselves. You will find that child trafficking is happening right now among the most elite organizations in the world. In fact, a major trafficking bust was just carried in Los Angeles County. Huh? Think about all those celebrities who gave a standing ovation for a man named Roman Polanski.
Thousands of pedophiles have been arrested across the country since President Trump took office, under a mainstream media blackout. But both Ivanka Trump and Kellyann Conway have hinted at the administration’s work behind the scenes, tackling the problem.


6. FBI
Just before the election Fox News anchor Bret Baier spent four entire days reporting on an FBI enquiry into the Clinton Foundation. Baier stated that his sources had obtained evidence and were preparing to press charges against the Foundation and that investigation would continue after the election.
“These investigators are building a case. They are gathering evidence and as investigators do they feel strongly about the evidence they have. But they still have to present it to a prosecutor and then that prosecutor has to go before a grand jury. That’s the process. If not a DOJ prosecutor, then perhaps a special prosecutor that could only be appointed by the Attorney General. The people we talked to said they believe they have a lot of evidence and will continue pushing for an indictment after the election,” he said.
At the same time as Baier’s reporting, Michael Flynn made a clear reference to the Clinton Foundation and it’s involvement in child trafficking. Naturally he was the first of Trump’s cabinet on Hillary’s hitlist. He wasn’t the only one who was critical of the Clintons. Jeff Sessions, who has also been under attack, called for an investigation into the foundation. So did Congressman Mike Pompeo, who I believe could be the next victim.
All three of these cabinet members for Trump were appointed on the very same day and all three of them were very outspoken about Hillary’s crimes.
7. Congress 
Congress has already bought actions against Hillary. Jason Chaffetz sent a letter to Jeff Sessions demanding that Brian Pagliano be charged or bought before a grand jury. Pagliano was Hillary’s IT personnel who set up her server. If action is taken against Pagliano, it will open a door to Hillary.
“I would remind people that the State Department itself still has an open investigation. One of the things we need help from the Trump administration is to get all the documents that we need, to come to this conclusion,” said Jason Chaffetz.
8. Timothy Sedlak
One of the most visible stories implicating the Clinton Foundation was released on Feburary 23rd 2017. It involves a man named Timothy Sedlak who claims he was a private investigator. Sedlak was previously convicted as a sex offender and sentenced to 42 years in prison for crimes against children. He just recently pleased guilty to trying to hack the Clinton Foundation.
According to investigators, Sedlak had significant information about HIllary and Chelsea Clinton at his home. Sedlak claimed that he was investigating Hillary’s ties to radical militants, but I believe he was doing something else. What does Timothy Sedlak know about the Clinton Foundation?
While Trump has been cordial to the Clintons in public since his stunning win, that could change very, very soon.



ARTICLE
A new poll suggests people think President Trump tweets too much and has a bad temper, but his approval ratings are higher than opposition Democrats and the mainstream media that has united against him.
The figures are ringing alarm bells in the Democrat camp, with D.C. insiders referring to the data as a “disaster poll.”
A USA Today/Suffolk University poll, conducted in the first week of March, shows Trump’s approval rating at 47 percent, and his personal favorability at 45 percent. Sixty percent of respondents disapprove of his temper, and 59 percent think he tweets too much.
While USA Today called Trump’s approval “a poor rating by historic standards,” the numbers looked even worse for his opponent in last year’s presidential election: Hillary Clinton recorded only a 35 percent approval rating, suggesting if the election were held again Trump would win in a landslide.
The Democratic Party in general fared only marginally better than their discarded presidential candidate, recording a dismal 36 percent approval rating across the nation.

“This is a disaster. At a time when Donald Trump is the least liked president ever measured at this point in his first term, the Democratic Party has found a way to be even less liked than him. This is how Donald Trump wins a second term,” progressive activist Shaun King wrote in the New York Daily News on Thursday.
The Democratic party “struggles to hear the truth about itself,” King added, comparing the party to a dodo with it’s head stuck firmly in the sand, and pointed out that most Democrats he spoke with could not even tell him what the party stands for.
The party’s poor showing in the Suffolk poll is even more significant after taking into account the poll of 1,000 registered voters actually oversampled Democrats. In all 352 Democrats were polled, compared to 330 Republicans and 318 independents.



ARTICLE
Former CIA director Michael Hayden admits that the rogue intelligence agency kills people based on metadata collected unconstitutionally by snooping on US citizens’ smartphones, smart TVs and other internet-enabled devices. 
The comment by the former CIA and NSA director was made during a debate at Johns Hopkins University, after Georgetown University Law professor David Cole detailed the kind of information the government can obtain simply by collecting metadata (who you call, when you call them, how long the call lasts, and how often calls between the two parties are made.)
Although NSA apologists often claim such metadata collection is permissible considering the content of the call is not collected, Cole argued that is not the case, since the former general counsel of the NSA, Stewart Baker, has already stated metadata alone is more than enough to reveal vast amounts of an individual’s personal information – and former CIA director Michael Hayden says the agency kills people based off metadata alone.
Writing in the New York Review of Books, Cole elaborated (you can also watch his explanation around the 14 minute mark of the embedded video):

“Of course knowing the content of a call can be crucial to establishing a particular threat. But metadata alone can provide an extremely detailed picture of a person’s most intimate associations and interests, and it’s actually much easier as a technological matter to search huge amounts of metadata than to listen to millions of phone calls. As NSA General Counsel Stewart Baker has said, ‘metadata absolutely tells you everything about somebody’s life. If you have enough metadata, you don’t really need content.’
“When I quoted Baker at a recent debate at Johns Hopkins University, my opponent, General Michael Hayden, former director of the NSA and the CIA, called Baker’s comment ‘absolutely correct,’ and raised him one, asserting, ‘We kill people based on metadata.’”
The former CIA director’s comment is particularly terrifying in light of Vault 7 revelations made by WikiLeaks this week.
The WikiLeaks release of classified CIA documents showcases the tremendous amount of resources that the intelligence agency has put into ensuring that our popular devices, whether they be Android or Apple, have certain back-door vulnerabilities.
While most people have assumed that the government works with major tech companies to notify the company when a vulnerability has been found, this data dump by WikiLeaks implies that the CIA is not only not telling companies about vulnerabilities, but has also been actively pursuing to find and even purchase additional flaws.
“Governments should be safeguarding the digital privacy and security of their citizens, but these alleged actions by the CIA do just the opposite. Weaponising everyday products such as TVs and smartphones – and failing to disclose vulnerabilities to manufacturers – is dangerous and short-sighted.” said Craig Fagan, policy director for the World Wide Web Foundation, speaking to the BBC.

The problem, of course, is what happens when bad actors exploit vulnerability flaws? The initial release of Vault 7 (Year One) seems to represent a playbook of sorts. That playbook is now out of the proverbial locker room.
“Those vulnerabilities will be exploited not just by our security agencies, but by hackers and governments around the world. Patching security holes immediately, not stockpiling them, is the best way to make everyone’s digital life safer,” said Ben Wizner, director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Speech, Privacy, and Technology Project, speaking to The New York Times.
While companies like Apple are already claiming that they have patched the CIA-created holes revealed by WikiLeaks, it is our faith that our tech products are secure that may be more difficult to fix, not to mention our trust that the CIA is protecting American citizens, and not working against their interests by creating the Big Brother totalitarian society eerily outlined in George Orwell’s 1984.



ARTICLE
Former CIA Deputy Director Mike Morell claims that rogue agents working for the Deep State leaked information about CIA hacking and surveillance to WikiLeaks. 
According to Morell, thousands of documents released as part of WikiLeaks’ Vault 7 release this week could only have been obtained by an insider working for the agency.
Vault 7 is the largest ever batch of top-secret documents outlining how the CIA routinely hack smartphones, social media messaging apps and television sets in order to spy on the American public.
Mediaite.com reports:
Morell appeared on CBS This Morning, where he was asked about how the CIA’s surveillance methods got leaked out, and whether it would lead to problematic consequences.
During this conversation, Morell that the leak has prompted a lot of concerns about how the CIA might have missed “red flags” from an employee who would want to put out the organization’s secrets.
When asked he believed the incident happened because of an inside job, Morell’s response was “Absolutely.”
“It’s on CIA’s top secret network, which is not connected to any other network. So, this has to be an inside job,” Morell went on.
Earlier this week, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that his organization showed the CIA’s “devastating incompetence” for failing to stop the leak from happening.
Assange also said he would share his findings with companies so that they could devise countermeasures to prevent their technology from getting hacked for CIA surveillance.




ARTICLE
A U.S. government watchdog is investigating the Obama administration for secretly spending millions of taxpayer dollars on lavish parties at the White House.
According to Larry Klayman, founder of Freedom Watch, the former President spent millions of dollars on outrageously decedent parties without any repercussions from within his own government or criticism from the mainstream media.
Obama needlessly spent money on things such as a multimillion-dollar victory celebration in Chicago, an outdoor event for 75,000 ‘friends’ featuring a stage with Greek columns, and a record-breaking inauguration that cost upwards of $170 million, according to ABC News.
Wnd.com reports:
Klayman said the reports of the partying at the White House, “with the likes of Steve Wonder and other high priced entertainment stars,” will be the focus of document requests being submitted to the General Services Administration. The requests will seek to determine how much taxpayer money is being used.
“Barack and Michelle Obama have been throwing taxpayer funded parties nearly every night with their ‘friends’ and supporters, with Michelle Obama even exhorting them not to ‘break’ White House property,” Klayman’s announcement said.
“This party atmosphere sends the wrong message to the American people. As the Obama-Clinton crowd party on, the American people are suffering greatly,” Klayman said.
“It was right to criticize corporate execs for using taxpayer bailout money on bonuses and corporate junkets. In the face of this criticism, it is an outrage for Barack and Michelle Obama to party on, as Rome burns. It’s like throwing a party at a funeral,” he said.
According to a report by the news and commentary website Politico, many of the parties have been just that – parties, not political and government meetings.
“Using one of the world’s most famous private residences as bait, President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama are unleashing a bipartisan charm offensive and exploiting every square inch of their new home to make friends and influence rivals. The social calendar suggests a return to the days of Camelot,” the report said.
“Since moving into their new digs, the first couple has hosted a half-dozen gatherings – from bipartisan cocktail receptions to a public open house to the more intimate Super Bowl party … ending many of their days past midnight,” the report said.
“Most recently … the Obamas opened the White House doors to House caucus leaders from the moderate Blue Dog Democrats and the Congressional Black Caucus. White House aides say the couple hopes to make the Wednesday cocktail parties a tradition.”
The report quoted White House Social Secretary Desiree Rogers saying the Obamas want to “replicate the same kind of environment they had in Chicago.”
“If there was a party or an event [in Chicago], they were there,” the report quoted “a friend” saying.
But is anything of government value accomplished?
“You would have felt like a fool talking about politics at this party,” said Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C., said after one major event. “I was surprised how much of a social event it was and how little of a political occasion it was.”
Insiders said in the report that the Obama social schedule is busier than any other previous occupants of the White House.
“We haven’t seen this kind of entertaining in a really long time,” Dee Dee Myers, former White House press secretary to Bill Clinton, said in the report.
According to an ABC report, many of the parties have been on Wednesdays, and the report confirmed one featured a Stevie Wonder concert.
“This is a pretty big house, so we get lonely,” the report said Obama announced. “It’s hard for me to move around out there some times so I got to bring the world to me.” Published reports said the Jonas Brothers were on hand in the White House for a special event for the Obama daughters, Sasha and Malia, on inauguration night.
Dinners have featured lavish menus including “Celery Soup, Wild Mushroom Crisps, Steelhead Salmon with Citrus sauce, Crispy Spinach, Toasted Saffron Couscous Pearls, Baby Iceberg lettuce with Maytag Bleu Cheese and Yogurt ranch dressing and for dessert, Milk Chocolate velvet cake” – all served on gold-rimmed china.
Klayman has taken on the establishment in Washington several times, including when the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee interviewed Sen. Hillary Clinton for her appointment by Obama as secretary of state.
The senators, however, ignored the shady parts of her background involving “Chinagate” and “Filegate,” he said.
In the Chinagate scandal, documented on the website for Judicial Watch, which Klayman previously led, technology companies allegedly made donations of millions of dollars to various Democratic Party entities, including President Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election campaign, in return for permission to sell high-tech secrets to China.
“Filegate” developed when President Clinton and Hillary Clinton were accused of violating the privacy rights of their perceived political enemies by wrongly accessing and misusing the FBI files of staffers in the Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations, among others.



ARTICLE
A far-left professor at Harvard University claims that all independent media websites that don’t subscribe to far-left ideology must be considered ‘fake news’ by default. 
A list of ‘fake news’ sites has been given to students at Harvard University, with the instruction that they study the list and make a note of the almost 1,000 independent, conservative, and center-right websites listed and ensure they are never circulated online.
According to professor Melissa Zimdars, sites such as Your News Wire, Breitbart, InfoWars, and the Drudge Report should all be banned from the internet due to their counter-narrative of mainstream liberal outlets such as Buzzfeed and CNN – a “crime” she says worthy of censorship.
Dailycaller.com reports:
The Daily Caller, The Drudge Report, Breitbart News, The Washington Examiner, The Washington Free Beacon, Independent Journal Review (IJR), The Blaze and The Weekly Standard are all on the list, deemed illegitimate for reasons such as “clickbait,” “bias,” or “unreliable.”
Liberal news sources like BuzzFeed, The Washington Post, The Huffington Post, Vox.com and Salon aren’t on the list.
The list, compiled by Merrimack College associate professor Melissa Zimdars, is recommended to students as part of a Harvard library guide on “Fake News, Misinformation, and Propaganda.”
The list is linked under a banner titled, “Identifying Fake News Sites.” A comment next to the link calls the document a “Huge list of fake news sites.”
As previously reported, liberal journalists have struggled to come up with a concise definition of “fake news,” even as they declare war on it.
Some liberal journalists have lumped in legitimate news organizations with objectively false websites, leading to concerns that a crackdown on “fake news” will be used by liberals to silence their conservative counterparts.
As previously reported by The Daily Caller, data shows that, despite a media freak-out, fake news websites actually struggle to reach any sort of real audience.
The Harvard University library did not immediately return TheDC’s request for comment.



ARTICLE
A former Pentagon contractor, who is currently serving 10 years in prison on an espionage conviction, has been found guilty of underage sex trafficking and child exploitation while employed as a computer expert for the US Department of Defense.
Christopher Glenn was convicted by a federal judge on Wednesday for exploiting local teenage girls for sex, while he was working at a Pentagon’s air base in Honduras between 2010 and  2014.
He was convicted on eight of 10 charges, including sex trafficking and now faces a mandatory prison sentence of 15 years and potentially up to life at a hearing set for mid-May.
Press TV reports:
The US Attorney’s Office said that Glenn used his time in the Central American country to recruit and sexually exploit 13-16 year-old girls. He targeted girls from poor and rural villages to work for him as housekeepers.
He sexually assaulted the girls and in some instances, he forced the victims to take what he called “vitamins” that caused them to “black out,” the attorney’s office said.
At a hearing set for mid-May, Glenn could face a mandatory prison sentence of 15 years and potentially up to life.
Attorney Joseph Rosenbaum said at his trial that they “will be working to appeal the outcome of this case.”
Glen, 37, pleaded guilty in 2015 to stealing military plans and intelligence reports from the US Department of Defense.
He also worked at a military camp in Iraq more than a decade ago, but was expelled after 10 months when officials discovered that he hacked into a US database. Investigators later found child-porn images on his computer, which were dating back to when he worked in Iraq.



ARTICLE
Lord Jacob Rothschild has admitted that his hopes for a New World Order are not going according to plan, in a bombshell report last month. 
According to RIT Capital Partners 2016-year-end report, despite short-term profits by the company, a longer period of financial turmoil looms for the Rothschild empire, and thus the entire planet.
Rothschild warned shareholders: “At this time of upheaval and uncertainty … There could well be a period ahead of us when the avoidance of risk is as high a priority as the pursuit of gain.”
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
The investment banker’s chosen word of “period” seems to indicate a coming downturn in profitability, even though for the past five years the fund has realized a profit of more than 1 billion Euros.
According to the report, Rothschild and his very powerful family have a vested interest in preserving their assets. “RIT Capital Partners plc is an investment company listed on the London Stock Exchange. Its net assets have grown from £280 million on listing in 1988 to over £2.7 billion today. RIT is chaired by Lord Rothschild, whose family interests retain a significant holding,” the issue reveals. If the fund, whose value is at an
If the fund, whose value is at an all-time high, suddenly declines, falling with it will be a large portion of wealth the Rothschild family enjoys. Although, any such declines would hardly come as a surprise to the Rothschild family who reportedly controls much of the world’s wealth and has a hand in nearly all of the world’s banking institutions, including the Federal Reserve, as some have stated.
The chairman’s statement continues with what some might say is an ominous and uncertain view of the future. “Since the last World War, we have enjoyed some 70 years of patiently crafted international cooperation, which is now threatened,” an apparent reference to Brexit and the UK’s referendum to withdraw from the European Union.
“Against this deeply worrying geo-political situation,” he wrote seeming to highlight the potential of WWIII if the Syrian conflict continues, “one can point to a number of positive investment factors.” Echoing many statements made by the current U.S. president, Lord Rothschild stated he was hopeful corporations would receive a break in government imposed revenue. He said, “in the US, the proposed tax reduction for companies and individuals,” was a favorable policy change for his fund’s portfolio.
Resounding President Trump’s call for deregulation, Rothschild also was reportedly pleased with the “reforms of an over-regulated system.” Likewise, in step with Trump’s call to exponentially increase spending on America’s failing transportation infrastructure, Lord Rothschild is pleased. However, Trump’s call for, “increases in fiscal and infrastructure expenditure…come at a time late in the business cycle, when the labour market is close to full employment,” meaning there’s no forecast of immediate returns on infrastructure spending forecasted in the future.
The banking and financial baron also seemed to lament that “wage increases up by some 4% over the last few months” a factor which affects the bottom line for every company. He also stated across the fund’s portfolio will also be affected by rising interest rates. “Valuations are at the high end of their historical range, inflation is returning and in these circumstances, it is likely that interest rates in the US will rise meaningfully,” he said. And coming from the man whose familial connections and financial partners control the Federal Reserve, he should know.



ARTICLE
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has fired 46 corrupt U.S. attorney’s appointed by the Obama regime, the Justice Department confirmed on Friday. 
The Hill reports:
U.S. attorneys are normally replaced at the beginning of new administrations. Of the 93 U.S. attorneys, 46 remain from the past administration, according to the Department of Justice (DOJ).
Sessions asked for the federal prosecutors to resign “in order to ensure a uniform transition,” DOJ spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said in a statement.
“As was the case in prior transitions, many of the United States Attorneys nominated by the previous administration already have left the Department of Justice,” the spokeswoman said.
The call for resignations applies to Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, the New York Times reported.
The move is a surprise, as Bharara reportedly met with Trump after the election and agreed to remain in his position during the Trump administration. Sessions also asked him to stay, the prosecutor told The New York Times.
This is a great move by Sessions. Obama’s shadow government is doing everything they can to undermine President Trump. The quicker Trump and his administration remove all people who are loyal to Obama, the quicker they drain the swamp.




ARTICLE
The CIA is a rogue organization that disobeys presidential orders and has failed its mandate to protect American citizens, says internet security guru John McAfee.
Speaking after WikiLeaks released a trove of classified documents related to the CIA’s arsenal of cyberweapons, McAfee said the CIA practice of deliberately keeping software exploits unpatched for potential access “is like not giving sick people penicillin.”
“The CIA has confirmed that they knew of ‘zero day’ exploits years in advance of the manufacturers of the software finding out,” he said. “Basically, by not fixing those faults it puts customers of Google, Apple, Microsoft and many other American manufacturers at risk, it puts their reputation at risks, and it costs us all billions of dollars.”

John McAfee believes that WikiLeaks Vault 7 documents prove the CIA has failed its mandate to protect US citizens.
“Seriously, aren’t we doing the same thing as having a bunch of ill people in our population, and the CIA has a boatload of penicillin, which could cure us, but they are not going to give it to us, because the enemy may get access to it. Do you see the horror of this?”
“If John O. Brennan and Michael Hayden, the past CIA directors under Obama, were here, I would like to say: Shame! Shame on you!” he said.

Crazy but brilliant John, the creator of McAfee antivirus software, has always been ahead of the curve. In late December he pre-empted the WikiLeaks Vault 7 revelations by stating that “if it looks like the Russians did it [hacked the DNC], then I can guarantee you it was not the Russians.”
“The Joint Analysis Report from the FBI contains an appendix that lists hundreds of IP addresses that were supposedly “used by Russian civilian and military intelligence services.”
While some of those IP addresses are from Russia, the majority are from all over the world, which means that the hackers constantly faked their location.
McAfee argued that the US intelligence suggestion that Russia might have been behind the DNC hack is a “fallacy,” explaining that hackers can fake their location, their language, and any markers that could lead back to them. Any hacker who had the skills to hack into the DNC would also be able to hide their tracks, he said
“If I was the Chinese and I wanted to make it look like the Russians did it, I would use Russian language within the code, I would use Russian techniques of breaking into the organization,” McAfee said, adding that, in the end, “there simply is no way to assign a source for any attack.”
His words from December have a prophetic ring to them after WikiLeaks Vault 7 documents revealed that the CIA actively collects foreign “fingerprints” to leave on hacks in order to frame foreign actors.



ARTICLE
The US national debt has been slashed by a massive $68 billion dollars since President Trump’s inauguration, according to new figures from treasury.gov.
President Trump inherited national debt of $19,947 billion – an enormous figure that was thought to be irreversible and had been blowing out by the billions every day Obama was in office.
But President Trump got to work and began turning the situation around.
On February 21st, just month later, the US debt load stood at $19,935 billion. That was a reduction of $12 billion, and represented the first time in decades a President managed turned the debt clock backwards.
Proving that his first month’s results were not a fluke, President Trump has slashed the debt by a further $68 billion, bringing it down to $19,879 billion, a reduction of 0.3% in just over six weeks.
That’s called winning. Just think, we have at least four more years of this. Probably eight, the way the Democrats are going.
Mainstream media (also known as the Opposition Party) have been quick to try and muddy the waters around figures showing the green sprigs of economic revival under Trump. The media have been saying that the positive numbers are a carry-over from Obama’s presidency, claiming it is too early for Trump to claim any credit for the turnaround.
This is hogwash.
Obama drove the national debt up every single day he was in office. During his first month in office he managed to send the debt into a death spiral, driving it up by more than $200 billion.
Not content with increasing the national debt by 2% in his first month alone, Obama also signed the trillion dollar ‘Stimulus’ bill, an expensive failure and unnecessary waste of American tax payers’ money.
The figures are there for all to see in black and white.

Trump began driving the numbers down from day one. Compare those numbers to Obama’s first six weeks in office. The difference could not be more telling.

Obama has the dubious distinction of managing to double the US debt during his time in office. He leaves behind a legacy of record breaking deficits and the largest debt increase by any president in history.
And yet mainstream media persists with the lie that President Trump cannot take credit for turning the debt around, despite the fact his leadership coincides with the first time the debt has decreased in the last eight years.
President Trump has years of bad financial governance to undo. With or without the support of the media, the results of his first six weeks in office prove he is hellbent on cleaning up the mess.
As of March 10, the debt is down by $68 billion, the stock market is up, jobs are up by 298,000 and salaries are increasing. That’s called winning.



ARTICLE
Russia has said that US security services must provide a full response to WikiLeaks’ accusations regarding hacking by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Friday that US spy agencies must be held fully accountable following the recent revelations about the CIA’s hacking techniques, adding that if found to be true the acts of espionage by Washington represent “a great” danger to the world.
“If this information is confirmed, it would be desirable for the US security services to respond fully and adequately to the released documents with specific facts,” Zakharova told a briefing, adding “And if this information is confirmed, then this is a great danger to the world and international security”
Press TV reports:
On March 7, whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks published the first part of the Vault 7 series, which constituted thousands of documents from the CIA that purportedly revealed the agency’s hacking and spying secrets.
The leaked files show that US spy agency appeared to have developed or collected techniques to hack into Mac OS X, Windows, Linux computer operating systems, as well as Android and iOS software for mobile phones. The agency had also apparently devised a technique to target smart TV sets, having them record audio and send it to CIA servers.
The whistle-blowing website says the Vault 7 series will be the biggest leak of secret CIA data.
“If this information is correct, and we periodically learn that what the US special services are doing and amusing themselves with has always been confirmed… it is extremely dangerous, first of all from the standpoint of simply undermining the existing system of international relations,” Zakharova said.
“Accordingly, if these actions are confirmed, they simply undermine the trust that has been built with such difficulty between the countries,” she emphasized.
The Kremlin has already said that it will take into account leaks about US attempts to wiretap Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“We naturally turned our attention to these published data together with the entire international community. Of course, they deserve attention and they must be carefully read,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters Thursday.
He added, however, that the latest leaks were nothing new.
“As you know, in Washington they do not hide the fact that they actively wiretap Russian officials. They wiretap our Ambassador [Sergei] Kislyak and so on. No one is hiding this. Therefore, one does not need opening WikiLeaks, one could have guessed,” Peskov noted.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has also described the revelations as “quite plausible.”
“As for reports on the CIA’s hacking arsenal, of course, we saw them… I proceed from the assumption that experts consider this information quite plausible,” Lavrov said on Thursday.
The US has yet to confirm the authenticity of the leaks, but the White House has slammed the release of data, calling for those responsible for the revelations to be held accountable.
Edward Snowden, former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor turned whistleblower, says the leaks appeared “authentic” and “a big deal.”



ARTICLE
Wall Street stocks plunged Thursday after Sean Spicer announced President Trump is “committed to breaking up the banks” as the campaign to drain the swamp and uproot the establishment moves into high gear. 
Trump recently pledged to “do a big number“ on the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank, and now spokesman Spicer has confirmed Trump is also committed to honoring his pre-election pledge to bring back Glass-Steagall.
Bringing the Great Depression-era law back will force the mega banks to break themselves apart by separating their Wall Street investment bank divisions from their Main Street checking account businesses.
Spicer’s confirmation that President Trump plans to bring back Glass-Steagall, which was repealed in 1999 under President Clinton, has already upset Wall Street banksters and sent mega bank stocks tumbling in afternoon trading.

Taking care of the people, not the establishment
Trump bashed big banks before the election, especially Goldman Sachs. Breaking up the banks would appeal to Trump’s winning message of draining the swamp, returning the power to the people, and splintering the establishment.
Besides reigning in bankster profiteering, bringing back Glass-Steagall will also solve the Too Big To Fail problem exposed by the 2008 financial crisis.
The commitment to break up the banks should come as no surprise to close observers of Trump’s administration. President Trump has bamboozled his critics by rapidly moving to honor all of his campaign pledges, faster than any elected official in living memory.
Besides, Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist, has been pushing to overhaul the out-of-control financial sector for years.
Bannon (a former Goldman Sachs banker) told BuzzFeed that he believes “you really need to go back and make banks do what they do: Commercial banks lend money, and investment banks invest in entrepreneurs and to get away from this trading.”
That’s Glass-Steagall in a nutshell.



ARTICLE
CNN presenter Reza Aslan has been filmed eating human brains with a “trendy cannibal cult” as the network continues plumbing the depths in a desperate attempt to improve its dismal ratings. 
While the rest of the world is talking about WikiLeaks’ CIA leaks, CNN is announcing that it is “business as usual, nothing to see here” and is instead attempting to distract braindead viewers with sick stunts.
Aslan, host of the new documentary series Believer, visited a cult of Hindu cannibals called the Aghori. The Aghor eat rotted human corpses, drink human urine, and consume their own feces. Something the CNN host felt at home doing himself.

Decider reports: Religion scholar Reza Aslan, host of the new CNN documentary series Believer, spent the first episode of the show in India visiting a cult of religious cannibals called the Aghori. The Aghor is an extreme Hindu sect that rejects the traditional caste system and eat rotted human corpses, drink their own urine, and consume their own feces.
Here, the Aghori convince Aslan to bathe in the Ganges, a river typically considered sacred by Hindus, and later, one Aghori guru smears cremated human remains on Aslan’s face, and invites Aslan to drink alcohol from a human skull (he does).
While all this (and the Aghori guru they’re speaking with) is definitely unusual, things reach a peak when the guru offers what is apparently a piece of cooked human brain, and Aslan eats it.
He continues to ask the guru questions about the Aghori and why people are so afraid of them, but the interview goes south when the Aghori becomes irritated and threatens him: “I will cut off your head if you keep talking so much.” Aslan beckons his crew, where he quietly intones that “this may have been a mistake.”
Aslan quickly received flack across social media, as this group has less than 100 members and it paints Hinduism (the third largest religion in the world) in a negative, savage light.
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard took to Twitter to express her grievances with the episode:

Aslan also took to social media to defend himself and the episode, noting that he’d done his research and that the Aghori “are not representative of Hinduism but are instead an extreme Hindu sect”. Despite his serious response to the criticism, however, he clearly had a good time with the buzz surrounding his consumption of human brains:




ARTICLE
Former Blink-182 frontman Tom DeLonge has promised there will be a “major announcement” regarding alien and UFO disclosure in the next 60 days.
DeLonge spoke after being named UFO “Researcher Of The Year” by the International UFO Congress.
Details about a secret project the rocker-turned-UFO investigator was working on leaked to the public last year when WikiLeaks released John Podesta’s emails which contained correspondence between DeLonge and Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager.
In the emails DeLonge confided to Podesta that he had been meeting with high-level US military sources who had been helping him with his research and with material for his book, Sekret Machines.
DeLonge is also on record claiming to have met aliens near Area 51, and also claims his phone has been tapped and he has been gangstalked by “shady officials.”
In his acceptance speech at the International UFO Congress, he said: “There’s a lot that I can’t say, but there’s some that I can, but there will be an announcement in like 60 days.
“I’m so appreciative that I’ve been acknowledged for this stuff, but I’m not done.
“I’m just like you guys. I spent 20 years up all night, reading about Roswell, Dulce, Serpo, Churchill, the crashes here, Nazis building craft there, Antarctica, what’s on Mars, what’s on the back of the moon, anomalous structures. 
“I mean, I’ve done it all. I know it all. I read all the same authors as you guys, hundreds of books. I look at all the same sites. I listen to all the Coast To Coast stuff that you guys do. I’m the same.”
“But I kind of used some of my notoriety to try to do something pretty ambitious, and it worked.
“I came out and told you guys about a book I was writing called Sekret Machines, and I said a bunch of stuff, that I was working with some people. 
“Well, I think a lot of people doubted it, and they thought it was crazy that this musician would have this kind of access. And then the WikiLeaks thing happened, and you guys saw that I’m into some serious s***, and I’m making really good progress.“
DeLonge warned that the mainstream media might suppress his announcement, but he was confident “the UFO community would see the significance.”
After the WikiLeaks releases last year, DeLonge said in a message posted on Instagram, “WikiLeaks really messed some important stuff up. 
“What seems like ridiculous subject matter to most, is of massive importance to admirable National Security Leadership. 
“It’s easy to poke fun about the topic from an armchair, but unless you’re invited to the meetings I have been a part of, then…no more laughing.”
WikiLeaks revealed DeLonge had sent multiple emails to John Podesta, concerning proposed meetings and even discussing military whistleblowers he was working with.




ARTICLE
Unemployed quarterback Colin Kaepernick “won’t play again“, with one NFL team executive calling the controversial quarterback “an embarrassment to football” and another declaring “his career is over, nobody will touch him.”
After refusing to stand for the national anthem before games last year, desperate Colin Kaepernick has now promised NFL team executives that he will stand with everyone else in 2017 – if only they will give him a chance and sign him.
“Kaepernick’s goose is cooked. Teams have asked their players if they want him around and the overwhelming response was no, we don’t want him. He’s not a team player, he’s not a winner.”
According to Bleacher Report’s NFL lead writer Mike Freeman, arrogant Kaepernick made a big mistake opting to leave the San Francisco 49ers at the end of the team’s dismal 2016 season.
He wrote,
“Three agents told Bleacher Report their clients told them teams had asked players about Kaepernick. 
The agents added that the combine interviews included more political questions than any of them could ever remember.
 And all the questions, the agents said, focused on Kaepernick’s protest last year or the possibility of future protests by other players.”
At least five teams are in need of a starting quarterback right now, and the bad news for the flashy, unreliable Kaepernick is that none of them are prepared to risk their reputations by signing him.
He is not on anybody’s radar.



ARTICLE
Recently surfaced CIA documents reveal that the military are going to create a “Meme Warfare” division tasked with controlling the minds of the American population.
According to US defense documents, memes can be used to win wars and influence the general population.
In a paper published in 2005 by Michael B. Prosser, the U.S. military are able to weaponise and diffuse memes in order to “defeat an enemy ideology and win over the masses.”
Prosser’s paper proposes the creation of a “Meme Warfare Center.” It will be tasked with advising the President on meme generation, transmission, and a detailed analysis on enemy, friendly and noncombatant populations.
According to Memetics: A Growth Industry in US Military operations:
The proposed Meme Warfare Center (MWC).
The MWC as a staff organization has the primary mission to advise the Commander on meme generation, transmission, coupled with a detailed analysis on enemy, friendly and noncombatant populations.
The MWC aims for a full spectrum capability of meme generation, analysis, quality control/assurance and organic transmission apparatus. The proposed MWC structure lays in stark contrast to the ad hoc nature of current IO and JPOTF formations.
Military Memes
Military operations produce memes, both intended and unintended. The unintended effects of memes are normally regarded as second and third order effects.
On occasion, second and third order effects are the product of deliberate planning; however many times they cannot be accurately forecasted. Memes as defined above are cultural bits of information replicated and transmitted from mind to mind. Memes influence, affect, generate and alter ideas.
A central theme behind this replication and transmission is indivi dual and societal contact and interaction. Contact in this sense connotes both and direct and indirect means.
Contact with the enemy, ‘friendlies’ or the community at large provides a vehicle or medium for memes to travel and replicate.




ARTICLE
President Trump is deploying nuclear bombers to the North Korean border amid fears that an all-out war will break out between the U.S. and North Korea soon.
Trump has ordered military chiefs to send B-1 and B-52 bombers, equipped with nuclear weapons, to the Korean peninsula, following Kim Jong-un’s series of missile launches recently.
It is thought that Pyongyang’s most recent launch of four ballistic missiles into the seas near Japan this week prompted the decision to take military action against the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
The Sun reports:
South Korea and the US have also started their annual Foal Eagle military exercise sending a strong warning to North Korea over its actions.
A military official said 300,000 South Korean troops and 15,000 US personnel are taking part in the operation.
Secretary of Defence James Mattis said the US “remains steadfast in its commitment” to the defence of the South, according to Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt Jeff Davis.
Capt David said: “He further emphasised that any attack on the United States or its allies will be defeated and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with a response that is effective and overwhelming.”
Washington is also expected to deploy a series of strategic assets from the US as well as from military bases in Guam and Japan, reports the Korea Times.
The USS Carl Vinson, a Nimitz-class supercarrier, will join the Foal Eagle exercise after departing from San Diego.
The nuke-powered aircraft carrier will carry dozens of fighter jets, early warning aircraft and anti-sub craft.
It will be accompanied by the guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain (CG-57) and two Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyers.
From the US Marine Corps in Japan, F-35B stealth fighters will be deployed to the peninsula for the first time.
“An F-35B is capable of evading anti-aircraft radar and making preemptive strikes,” a military official said.
North Korea repeatedly protests that both Foal Eagle and Key Resolve are rehearsals for invasion.
Pyongyang’s Korea Central News Agency reported that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has stressed “a need for preparation for a fight”.
He listed guidelines to strike South Korea and the US “mercilessly”.



ARTICLE
Insiders working for the Obama administration hated Hillary Clinton so much, they hacked the DNC in an attempt to expose her crimes.
According to retired intelligence officer, Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer, elements within the NSA were desperate to expose Hillary’s crimes and prevent her from becoming President.
Speaking on Sean Hannity’s show on Wednesday, Shaffer said that the DNC and Podesta hacks were all carried out by patriotic ex-intel officers who wanted to take Hillary down.
Infowars.com reports:
“Sean, we did it. Not me, but our guys, former members of NSA, retired intelligence officers used these tools to break in there and get the information out. That’s what the Democrats don’t want to talk about because it doesn’t fit their narrative,” said Shaffer.
Hannity asked Shaffer if the hack was carried out “using the malware techniques that they put the Russians’ fingerprints on, in other words you’re telling me this whole Russian story that the media’s been running with for months and months and months that it was our people that did it and they just put the fingerprints of the Russians on it?”

“That’s right,” responded Shaffer, adding, “the evidence is not that the Russians did it, the evidence is that a Russian tool was used….conserned Americans fed up with the Clintons doing things I think were the ones who actually got in there and broke the information out and gave it to Wikileaks.”
Shaffer said that he had given this information to reporters but that they “don’t seem to be interested in going and checking this out.”
Shaffer’s claim that Russian fingperints could have been left on the attack to disguise the actual culprits is backed up by information released as part of Wikileaks’ ‘Vault 7’ document dump.
The documents reveal that the CIA collected a number of cyber-attack techniques under the codename Umbrage which were stolen from malware produced in other countries, including Russia.
“With UMBRAGE and related projects the CIA cannot only increase its total number of attack types but also misdirect attribution by leaving behind the “fingerprints” of the groups that the attack techniques were stolen from,” reported WikiLeaks.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton has risen from her slumber, sporting a new haircut and a renewed thirst for blood, calling on her younger supporters to “stand up” and “resist” Donald Trump. 
The 2016 presidential race loser took to Snapchat on Wednesday to send out a sassy message to fans on International Women’s Day.
A fired up Hillary told young supporters that the fight against Trump must go on, “there’s a lot to fight for: Planned Parenthood, education, healthcare, jobs. Every issue is a women’s issue. So stand up, resist, run for office, be a champion,” she said in a 10-second rant.
Infowars.com reports:

Numerous users on Twitter were amazed to see Hillary alive and sporting a new hairstyle.

https://twitter.com/donnatellasmoss/status/839629750226333696

Others mocked the former First Lady, resurrected old Hillary scandals and drew comparisons between her new look and characters from various forms of media.





Then there was one incredibly perceptive Twitter user who compared her appearance to the diabolical antagonist from the film adaptation of Bram Stoker’s Dracula.

Hillary infamously announced her use of Snapchat while on the 2016 campaign trail, joking about the fact that Snapchat messages delete on their own – a reference to her email controversy in which she reportedly deleted 33,000 emails from a private server.




ARTICLE
Students in California can now officially study Beyonce and earn themselves a degree by regurgitating worthless information about the popstar.  
Cal Poly has created a new “Beyonce studies” class via their ethnic studies department, which they say will focus on exploring politics via Beyonce’s work.
“We’re mostly trying to explore three things: woman of color feminism; racism, specifically anti-black racism; and police brutality,” assistant professor and Beyonce fan Jenell Navarro said.
Sanluisobispo.com reports:
The idea for a Beyoncé class grew out of a luncheon Navarro and Denise Isom, the chair of the ethnic studies department, had in 2016, soon after Beyoncé’s “Formation” performance at the Super Bowl.
“We just felt like in this political moment, young people of color are really tuned in to Beyoncé, and her most recent work, ‘Lemonade,’ spoke volumes to them about the diversities of blackness, about being a woman of color in 2017 — and a politically conscious one at that — and that’s difficult to reign or master,” Navarro said.
The class is structured along the same lines of the “Lemonade” album, Navarro said, and each week is themed around a different emotion. For example, the theme of the first week is intuition, and other themes include accountability, freedom, redemption and hope.
According to the syllabus, the course will “pair Beyonce’s music and music videos with historical and contemporary readings by intellects of color who speak volumes about the persistent redesigning of racism, sexism and police violence in our world.”
Instead of a final exam, the class will culminate in a one-day conference called Cal Poly Bey Day, which Navarro said will feature student and faculty presentations on Beyoncé’s work, performances choreographed to Beyoncé’s music, and an altar dedicated to women of color who have been killed because of police violence.
“What I would like to do is subvert the notion that the only people who produce canons of work are white males,” Navarro said. “We have an incredible knowledge of production and artistry in Beyoncé’s work, and it’s coming from a black woman, and that should be celebrated and applauded.
“We want to show students even though we’re in an institution of higher education that values the Western tradition — which is mostly the white, male, European tradition — there are other forms of knowledge that are incredibly sophisticated and worthy of study.”
Navarro said that, given that Cal Poly is a predominantly white campus, it’s important to have classes that are relevant to students of color.
“A predominantly white institution needs spaces designed to nourish and provide a safe space for our students of color, and I hope this class will be one of those,” she said.



ARTICLE
Michael Hastings, the American journalist who died in a car crash as a result of a covert CIA assassination, had been one of Barack Obama’s biggest political adversaries. 
Michael Hastings died in a car crash in 2013 when his vehicle uncontrollably accelerated and burst into a ball of flames.
According to WikiLeaks, Hastings had contacted their lawyer Jennifer Robinson back in 2013, just hours before he was killed – claiming he was being targeted by the American government for exposing their crimes.
Angrypatriotmovement.com reports:

The journalist was investigating the surveillance state growing in America. Hastings was researching the actions of CIA Director John Brennan in particular.
During an investigation into the Justice Department by multiple reporters in 2013, Hastings deemed the infringement upon the freedom of the press by Obama to effectively be a “war” on journalism. His last published article was entitled, “Why Democrats Love to Spy On Americans.” It was published on June 7 by Buzzfeed.
Hastings’s fiery car crash happened on June 18 in Los Angeles. Hastings made contact with Wikileaks before he got into his own car after being refused the loan of his neighbor’s vehicle because it was in need of repair.
The email he sent to Julian Assange’s group appeared to have been written by a man fearing for his life. Hastings told WikiLeaks the FBI was investigating him.
The neighbor, Jordanna Thigpen, said Michael Hastings knocked on her door around midnight and said he was too afraid to drive his own car and wanted to leave town immediately. Thigpen said he was “scared” and in a hurry to get away from his home.
The Vault#7 WikiLeaks documents also maintain the CIA, and presumably other federal intelligence agencies, can also remotely hack into planes to carry out remote assassinations. How long has the federal government possessed such technology?
If the CIA had such power during the Bill Clinton era, that would possibly solve a lot of mysteries. Multiple planes carrying Clinton foes, or people the career politician couple considered to be loose ends, crashed under suspicious and still unknown circumstances.



ARTICLE
Barack Obama’s older brother Malik Obama has published the former president’s apparent Kenyan birth certificate on Twitter. 
The birth certificate, issued by the British Protectorate of Kenya, states that Barack Hussein Obama II was born on the 4th of August 1961 in the Coast Province General Hospital in Mombassa, Kenya.
Born and raised in Kenya, Malik moved to the Washington D.C. area in the 1980s and became a naturalized U.S. citizen, and despite claims he was born in Hawaii, it seems his younger brother Barack has a similar story, if the Kenyan birth certificate produced by Malik is authentic.

Rumors concerning the legitimacy of Barack Obama’s U.S. birth certificate have refused to go away. Last year a five-year study resulted in forensic researchers claiming there are “10 features” that prove Obama’s Hawaiian document is a forgery.
Malik Obama, who announced his support for Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election, is estranged from his younger brother Barack, complaining the former president distanced himself from his family during his second term in office.
Since then Malik has used Twitter to support Trump and release embarrassing information about his younger brother, however the publication of Barack Obama’s alleged Kenyan birth certificate is by far the most damaging tweet to date.
The revelation threatens to delegitimize his brother’s presidency and expose the greatest lie of our era.
Who is Barack Obama?
Barack Obama’s birth certificate isn’t the only controversy threatening to blow up in the former president’s face and expose a lifetime of lies. Classmates of his Columbia ’83 Political Science graduating class all claim the former president did not attend the university, despite Obama’s claims that he earned his degree at the prestigious school.
Wayne Allyn Root, a Columbia graduate from that class, says he has asked his classmates if they remember Barack, and none of them claim to have met him during their four years at Columbia.
“I asked every classmate I met at our 30th reunion, many of them Political Science majors, if they ever met, or saw, or heard of Obama. The answer was a resounding NO from every one of them. I asked if they found this strange, or worried how this was possible? They all answered YES. 
“I asked if they thought it was possible to be a Political Science major and never meet a fellow major in our small classes? They all gave me a very strange look and answered NO. So I asked, “How could this be possible? Can you explain this?” No one had an answer.”
Wayne Allyn Root describes himself as a Democrat who voted for the former President both times. He doesn’t have an axe to grind, and neither do his classmates, as he explains:
“Keep in mind these people I spoke to are all- to a man and woman- dedicated liberal Democrats who voted for Obama. I’m guessing 90% are major Democrat contributors. My Columbia classmates are the crème of the crop of American society. Lawyers, doctors, billionaire hedge fund members, stars of the media. They adore Obama. But they all admit they never met him in their four years at Columbia.”
“No one ever met him. Even worse, no one even remembers seeing that unique memorable face. Think about this for a minute. Our classmate is President of the United States. Shouldn’t someone remember him? Or at least claim to remember him?“
Columbia professors also have their doubts about Obama’s claims to have attended the Ivy League institution:
“One classmate told me he was present when one of the most honored professors in Columbia University history gave a speech to alumni a couple of years ago. The speech was followed by Q&A. This beloved professor was asked about Obama at Columbia. He said, ‘I have my doubts about the story.’ The crowd was stunned. He immediately went onto the next question and never elaborated.”
So who is Barack Obama? His older brother claims the president has been lying about being born in Kenya. His supposed former classmates claim he didn’t attend Columbia University. As the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal threatens to unravel and destroy Obama’s legacy, are we actually looking at the greatest fraud of the modern era?



ARTICLE
First Lady Melania Trump criticized feminists for focusing their anger on President Trump’s policies instead of “fighting for the rights of oppressed women in Muslim countries.”
At a luncheon in the State Dining Room at the White House on Wednesday in honor of International Women’s Day, Melania Trump called on the women who have protested against President Trump to “re-focus their anger” and take on “issues that really matter.“
“We have women in many countries of the world who are not allowed to dress as they please, are not allowed to show their face in public, are not allowed to drive, to vote, to participate in society,” the First Lady said.
Melania also made reference to the liberal women across the nation who opted to stay home from work on Wednesday as part of the “Day Without A Women” strike organized to protest President Trump’s policies.
“Taking the day off work is not the way to change the world,” the First Lady said.
The First Lady’s popularity is soaring according to a CNN/ORC poll released Wednesday, and it’s not hard to see why. Mainstream media has decided not to report on anything she says or does in order to portray her as unhappy and confined to Trump Tower, but in reality Melania Trump is bringing her own style to the role of FLOTUS.
When was the last time you heard a First Lady focus on anything gritty involving real human hardship?
It’s not just the POTUS who is going for the jugular on issues that really count, it’s his wife and family too.
Melania Trump received a standing ovation from guests in the room, according to reports. Vice President Mike Pence’s wife Karen Pence, Kellyanne Conway, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, Sen. Susan Collins, and Ivanka Trump were all in attendance to celebrate International Women’s Day.



ARTICLE
President Trump has been nominated for the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize in recognition for his “peace through strength ideology” and mainstream media is attempting to bury the story.
While the news is being reported around the world, in the United States the liberal mainstream media is too busy defending Obama’s “Worse Than Watergate” wiretapping and pushing evidence-free Trump conspiracy theories trying to smear him as a Russian spy.
Trump is nominated for “his vigorous peace through strength ideology, used as a threat weapon of deterrence against radical Islam, ISIS, nuclear Iran and Communist China,” according to a report by Agence France Presse.
It is understood that a strong America will deter rivals and terror organizations from launching destabilizing challenges to the predominant order.
The Nobel Committee, which does not reveal the details of its decision-making process, offers thousands of prominent lawmakers, former laureates and academics the opportunity to vote and nominate candidates for the prestigious prize.
“The names of the nominees are kept secret for 50 years, but those entitled to nominate candidates – including lawmakers and government ministers, former laureates and some university professors – are free to reveal the name of the person or group they have nominated,” according to Agence France Presse.
Of course, there’s little chance the notoriously liberal Nobel Committee will award one to a Republican. Ronald Reagan ended the Cold War and they didn’t see that as enough to deserve their prize.
But the Nobel committee loved Barack Obama, who famously received the Peace Prize less than nine months into his tenure just for creating a “new climate.“
However it wasn’t long before ex-secretary Geir Lundestad admitted that the Nobel Committee had made a huge mistake giving the prize to Barack Obomber.
“Even many of Obama’s supporters believed that the prize was a mistake,” he said. “In that sense the committee didn’t achieve what it had hoped for.”
Donald Trump could have told them that straightaway.




ARTICLE
A former FBI assistant director who served during Bill Clinton’s presidency said Hillary Clinton should be “shot by firing squad for treason.“
James Kallstrom, known for leading the 1996 investigation into the explosion of TWA flight 800, also said people would have to be “deaf, dumb and blind” not to see that Clinton is guilty as sin and is being protected by the Deep State from an investigation or indictment.
In an interview with Fox News, Kallstrom said that current FBI agents are “furious” at how higher-ups in the federal agency and Justice Department “stonewalled” requests to open up a serious probe into an alleged pay-to-play scheme between the Clinton Foundation and State Department.
Asked if he thought the Hillary Clinton was being protected by shady Deep State operatives, Kallstrom said:
“You’d have to be deaf, dumb, and blind not to see that. Of course that’s what’s happening. I mean just look at what’s in the public domain. I mean, look at the stuff that they left on the table. Top secret codeword documents,” Kallstrom responded.
“You know back in the old days you got shot by a firing squad for that stuff. And even today, you should go to Leavenworth for 20, 30 years, that’s what happens.”
“They left on the table, you know, obstruction of justice, destruction of evidence,” Kallstrom added. “I mean, clearly, Congress gives them a letter, subpoena. What do they do two weeks later? They destroy it all.“
Kallstrom said he has spoken with hundreds of former and current agents who are “very, very frustrated” because “they see the whole due process thing going down the tubes” when justice should be served.
“All crops grow from little things, right? The notion that the FBI would have everything at once – of course they don’t have everything at once. Of course the agents have probable cause to look further. That’s how the investigations happen,” Kallstrom said.




ARTICLE
American companies are riding high on the optimism created by President Trump’s election victory, adding a staggering 298,000 jobs to the U.S. economy during Trump’s first month in office.
That monster figure comes from ADP, a payroll processing company that surveys the U.S. job market. The number far exceeded the 190,000 new jobs that economists were forecasting.
President Trump tweeted a self-congratulatory note from the @POTUS account, referencing the long overdue “surging” growth in the jobs market and admitting the numbers are “much more than expected!“

The hiring frenzy occurred in President Trump’s first full month in office, as he began staunching the flow of jobs leaking over the border, enriching foreign countries and corporations at the expense of the American people.
And these weren’t part-time minimum wage jobs for the underemployed. Construction jobs increased by 66,000 in February, and the manufacturing sector added 32,000, as Trump has continued luring businesses back to the USA from overseas.

“February proved to be an incredibly strong month for employment with increases we have not seen in years,” Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president of the ADP Research Institute, said in a statement, explaining that President Trump has unlocked the golden goose’s shackles.
“Confidence is playing a large role,” Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody’s Analytics, told CNBC.
“Businesses are anticipating a lot of good stuff – tax cuts, less regulation. They are hiring more aggressively.“

The news of the massive surge in fresh jobs created by the Trump administration comes after it was revealed Trump reduced the national debt by $12 billion in his first month in office.
Inheriting a national debt of $19,947 billion – an enormous figure that was thought irreversible and had been blowing out by billions every day Obama was in office – President Trump immediately got to work and began turning the situation around.
On February 21st, just month later, the US debt load stood at $19,935 billion – a reduction of $12 billion, and the first time in decades a President has turned the debt clock backwards.
President Trump has years of bad economic governance to undo, but as the results of his first month prove, he is the right man to clean up the mess.



ARTICLE
Barack Obama could become the first former President in American history to be charged in a felony offence, according to retired Army Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer.
Following the revelation that the Obama administration wiretapped Donald Trump during last years presidential election, the White House has called for an immediate investigation into Obama and the DOJ over possible criminal wrongdoing.
Former senior intelligence officer and retired Army Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer, believes that the magnitude of the scandal will likely result in the indictment of Barack Obama.
Conservativetribune.com reports:
If indeed it does turn out to be the case that the Obama administration illegally surveilled Trump’s team ahead of Election Day as some have speculated, the end result could be the unprecedented indictment of a former president on felony charges.
So a highly respected former senior intelligence officer, retired Army Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer, told Conservative Tribune sister company USA Radio Network’s Rusty Humphries on “Trending Today USA” Monday morning.
Calling the alleged incident an “order of magnitude” bigger than the Watergate scandal, Shaffer stated that the incident would have included “using nation-state resources for purposes of political gain.”
Humphries asked if, should everything turn out to be true, Obama would be arrested and held accountable for violating the laws.
“This could be the first time a former president could be indicted for a felony,” Shaffer answered. “Because I think it is very possible that he acted outside of the scope of his duties, responsibilities and authorities to turn the resources of a nation-state on a candidate.”
“This is, as I’ve said before, soviet-dictator level wrongdoing,” he added.
Shaffer also noted that, given Obama’s use of government resources to conduct other spying operations, it was easy to imagine him doing the same against Trump, particularly while working under the assumption that Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton would easily win the general election and keep the subterfuge against Trump under wraps.
You can hear part of that conversation here:

To be sure, this is mostly speculation, but given Shaffer’s lengthy military career, his rise to the top of the American intelligence community, and his current role as a senior fellow at the prestigious London Center for Policy Research, his speculation carried more weight than that of ill-informed media pundits and narrative-pushing Democrats.



ARTICLE
FBI Director James Comey warned Americans on Wednesday that privacy in America is completely and utterly dead. 
Comey told a Boston College conference on cybersecurity that the public need to forget about the notion of “absolute privacy” in this digital age.
“There is no such thing as absolute privacy in America; there is no place outside of judicial reach,” Comey told attendees. “Even our communications with our spouses, with our clergy members, with our attorneys are not absolutely private in America. In appropriate circumstances, a judge can compel any one of us to testify in court about those very private communications.”
ABC15.com reports:
But, he also said Americans “have a reasonable expectation of privacy in our homes, in our cars, in our devices.
“It is a vital part of being an American. The government cannot invade our privacy without good reason, reviewable in court,” Comey continued.
In the last four months of 2016, the FBI lawfully gained access to 2,800 devices recovered in criminal, terrorism and counterintelligence investigations and the FBI was unable to open 43% of those devices, Comey said.
Americans’ desire for privacy and security should never be viewed as incompatible, he said.
“We all value privacy. We all value security. We should never have to sacrifice one for the other,” Comey said. “Our founders struck a bargain that is at the center of this amazing country of ours and has been for over two centuries.”
Comey’s leadership of the FBI has been marked by controversy in the wake of the bureau’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email controversy and President Donald Trump’s baseless accusations that President Barack Obama ordered the wiretapping of phones at Trump Tower.
He did not address the wiretapping claim nor WikiLeaks’ recent claim that it obtained internal CIA documents.
Comey did, however, say he plans to finish out his 10-year term.
“You’re stuck with me for about another 6 1/2 years, and so I’d love to be invited back again,” he said.




ARTICLE
Apple is urging users to update their iPhone devices immediately following the WikiLeaks revelation that the CIA are able to listen in on private conversations. 
According to Apple, any devices that do not have the latest iOS update are at risk from the CIA’s secret hacking program as detailed in WikiLeaks’ Vault7 release on Tuesday.
The WikiLeaks release has sent shockwaves around the world after it emerged that the CIA installed malware on devices such as the iPhone, Android, Microsoft Windows, and Samsung Smart TVs.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
The WikiLeaks document dump shined a light on CIA use of malware that can bypass encryption protection in a wide range of devices, including Apple’s iPhone, Google’s Android and Microsoft’s Windows and even Samsung TVs.
In its accompanying press release, WikiLeaks explained: “a specialized unit in the CIA’s Mobile Development Branch produces malware to infest, control and exfiltrate data from iPhones and other Apple products running iOS, such as iPads.”
Apple suggested that the solution to protecting devices from any such hacks is to do what the company always stresses its customers to do: stay current with security updates.
“While our initial analysis indicates that many of the issues leaked today were already patched in the latest iOS, we will continue work to rapidly address any identified vulnerabilities,” an Apple spokesman said in a statement. “We always urge customers to download the latest iOS to make sure they have the most recent security updates.”
The spokesman noted that nearly 80 percent of Apple product users are running the latest version of their operating system.
Apple faced a legal battle last year when the FBI sought its help in breaking into the iPhone 5c used by terrorists in the San Bernardino, Calif., attack in 2015. The FBI ended up paying hackers figure out how to break into an Apple iPhone, but the hack was only applicable to the iPhone 5c and iOS operating system, and not the current lineup of iPhone 7s.
The bureau effectively used cybermercenaries, according to unnamed sources quoted by the Washington Post, to figure out how to break into the iPhone 5c used by terrorists in San Bernardino, Calif. It did not use the Israeli tech firm Cellebrite, as analysts had generally believed.
The Vault7 publication of CIA documents covers a period of time from 2013 to 2016. The latest iOS update, 10.2.1, was released on Jan. 23.
Some of the other companies whose products were mentioned in CIA documents also commented on the potential security threat to their devices.
WikiLeaks revealed a CIA project called “Weeping Angel,” which turns smart TVs into covert microphones. In regards hacking into the Samsung smart TV, specifically the F8000 model, the spy agency worked with the United Kingdom’s MI5/BTSS, to create a “fake off” mode that allowed secret recording of conversations in the room.
Samsung responded to the WikiLeaks dump by saying the company is “urgently looking into the matter.”
“Protecting consumers’ privacy and the security of our devices is a top priority at Samsung,” the company said, according to the BBC. “We are aware of the report in question and are urgently looking into the matter.”
Microsoft also said it is looking into the WikiLeaks report. Google has not yet commented.



ARTICLE
Senator John McCain has admitted that the recent Wikileaks Vault7 dump is “very real” and has urged the CIA to crackdown on cybersecurity so it never happens again.  
In a panicked statement to reporters, the Arizona Republican said that thousands of CIA documents detailing how American intelligence agencies routinely spy on citizens via smart TVs and phone devices, pose a threat to national security.
“We’ve got to do a lot more,” he told reporters Tuesday afternoon. “If [the perpetrators] can hack the CIA, they can hack anybody. My biggest worry is they showed a capability that they can hack into some of our most important secrets, our most important classified material, that’s what bothers me,” McCain complained.
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
McCain, who chairs the Armed Services Committee, said his committee has made cybersecurity and evidence of Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election through hacking a top priority by establishing a cyber subcommittee earlier this year.
But he said the issue also falls under the jurisdiction of three other committees, including the panels on intelligence and the judiciary, which need to better coordinate their oversight and investigations with his panel’s subcommittee.
Asked if he thought Russia had any role in the CIA hack, McCain sarcastically responded:
“No, never, never… somebody in the basement of his house smoking cigarettes in his underwear was responsible.”
The sharp retort seemed to be an attempt to poke fun at Trump’s assertion back in late September before his election that the DNC hacking could have been anyone from the Chinese to a “400-pound guy” lying in his bed.
Pressed on whether he holds the Russians accountable for WikiLeaks’ CIA document dump, McCain said there’s no way he could know right now but pointed to Moscow’s relationship with infamous NSA leaker Edward Snowden.
Snowden has spent more than three years in Russia seeking asylum from U.S. spying charges.
“I can’t say that [the Russians are responsible], but it’s clear that WikiLeaks has had a Russian connection,” he said.



ARTICLE
Journalist Michael Hastings, who had made enemies in the CIA by investigating the upper echelons of the rogue intelligence agency, was assassinated by the CIA in a “hacked car” crash, WikiLeaks’ released documents suggest.
Circumstances around Journalist Michael Hastings’ fatal car crash in 2013 are eerily similar to the CIA’s instructions on orchestrating secret assassinations by “hacking cars“, according to the top-secret intelligence documents leaked by WikiLeaks.
Michael Hastings died in 2013 after his car suddenly sped up on a straight Los Angeles street, swerved off the road and crashed into a tree, killing him instantly in the explosion.
A vocal critic of the Obama administration’s overreach in spying on American citizens, Hastings had become a thorn in the side of the CIA before his death, publishing fearless articles in mainstream publications and threatening a devastating exposé on CIA director John Brennan.
“Consistent with a car cyber attack”
Hasting’s death has long been considered suspicious due to the unusual nature of the accident as well as the timing of his death. Fears the journalist was assassinated reached fever-pitch when counterterrorism expert, Richard A. Clarke, described the fatal crash as “consistent with a car cyber-attack”.
However the mainstream media quickly dismissed the claim as a conspiracy theory. The idea that the CIA could have hacked into a car and used it as a murder weapons in the covert assassination of an enemy was too much for the establishment to entertain.
But today WikiLeaks did what they do best, releasing a pristine dataset of enlightening files from deep within the Deep State, proving, yet again, that the establishment and mainstream media have been lying to us for years.
One of the more interesting revelations from the Vault 7 release Wednesday is the fact that the CIA has had the technology that allows them to hack into any modern car, truck or airplane and control it remotely, with the sole intention of murdering the occupants in a way that looks like an accident, since around the time Hastings was killed.
Heavy reports: Hastings died on June 18, 2013, in a fiery high-speed automobile crash in his Mercedes C250 Coupé following the publication of “Why Democrats Love to Spy On Americans” on BuzzFeed. Hastings had been a vocal critic of the Obama administration.
Following his death, former U.S. National Coordinator for Security, Infrastructure Protection, and Counter-terrorism Richard A. Clarke said that Hastings’ crash was consistent with a “car cyber attack.”
Clark told the Huffington Post, “What has been revealed as a result of some research at universities is that it’s relatively easy to hack your way into the control system of a car, and to do such things as cause acceleration when the driver doesn’t want acceleration, to throw on the brakes when the driver doesn’t want the brakes on, to launch an air bag… You can do some really highly destructive things now, through hacking a car, and it’s not that hard.”
According to CW6 San Diego, Hastings claimed to have received a death threat prior to the crash by a staff member at the McChrystal Group about a critical passage in his book, The Operators: The Wild and Terrifying Inside Story of America’s War in Afghanistan. The McChrystal Group is an advisory firm started by retired United States Army general Stanley Allen McChrystal.
McChrystal’s last military assignment was in Afghanistan.
CW6 also reported that Hastings was investigating CIA Director John Brennan for an upcoming exposé before his death. In an official synopsis of the recently released Vault 7, the above passage can be found.
What is Vault 7?
Vault 7 is a collection of leaked classified documents on the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Code-named “Vault 7” by WikiLeaks, it is the largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency.
Many people believe Vault 7 is the most significant intelligence leak since Edward Snowden leaked top-secret NSA documents in 2013 proving that the intelligence agency was spying on its own citizens.
According to WikiLeaks, the first full part of the Vault 7 series, “Year Zero”, comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA’s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina.
Recently, the CIA lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal including malware, viruses, trojans, weaponized “zero day” exploits (backdoor access to hardware such as iPhones and Smart TVs), malware remote control systems and associated documentation.
This extraordinary collection, which amounts to more than several hundred million lines of code, gives its possessor the entire hacking capacity of the CIA. The archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom leaked portions of the archive to WikiLeaks.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton’s former campaign manager Robby Mook has become the latest Democrat to roll over and squeal on his former comrades, telling Fox News Wednesday that he and everyone else in the Clinton campaign knew Obama was wiretapping Trump Tower.
Anyone who says otherwise is lying to save their skin, Robby Mook says, as Democrats scramble to clear their names. Democrats ran an arrogant, sloppy spying campaign against Trump because they assumed that a Clinton victory was certain. They didn’t think Trump would ever be in a position to expose their crimes.
They couldn’t have been more wrong, and now shellshocked Clinton campaign members are beginning to rat on each other in an attempt to gain favor with the current administration and save themselves from serving jail time.
Fox News reported:
“Today Hillary Clinton’s former campaign manager told Fox he had knowledge of wiretaps being used during the campaign but he suggested they were targeted at Russian officials, not directly at Trump Tower.”
https://twitter.com/TrumpSuperPAC/status/839274249747632128?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Democrats are squirming and splitting hairs as they try to dance around the “Worse than Watergate” wiretapping scandal.
It’s hard to believe Mook really believes Russia was the intended target of the Trump Tower wiretap.
Trump was Clinton’s presidential rival, after all.

Here is Hillary Clinton’s tweet from October 31st.  Computer scientists? Connect the dots, folks. Computer scientists is the polite way of saying NSA spooks working for Obama. This tweet was cryptic at the time, but now it is clear as day. Hillary Clinton knew about Tricky Barry’s wiretapping too.
This was a well coordinated attack on a Presidential candidate, but unlike when Nixon was caught in ’74, Obama doesn’t have the luxury of a sympathetic president in the Oval Office to pardon him.
Robby Mook is merely the first Democrat to roll over and start squealing. As the heat continues to rise on the criminal Obama administration and Clinton campaign, it won’t be long before they are tearing each other to shreds, trying save their own skins at the expense of their former colleagues.
It’s beer and popcorn time.



ARTICLE
Liberals thought they could destroy businesswoman Ivanka Trump’s clothing brand by organizing a boycott and pressuring retailers to stop carrying her clothes and accessories. But the liberal campaign backfired big time.
Get this: sales have increased 346% since the liberal boycott began!
“Since the beginning of February, they were some of the best performing weeks in the history of the brand,” Abigail Klem, the president of the Ivanka Trump fashion brand, told Refinery29 in an interview published Tuesday. “For several different retailers Ivanka Trump was a top performer online, and in some of the categories it was the [brand’s] best performance ever.”
The Hill reports:
News of the sales surge comes after Nordstrom announced in early February that it would no longer carry the 35-year-old’s clothing and accessories, citing poor product sales.
The move caused President Trump to tweet shortly after the announcement that his daughter was being “treated so unfairly” by the luxury department store giant.
Also last month, Neiman Marcus stopped carrying the first daughter’s jewelry line on its website, and employees of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores were instructed to throw away any signage advertising her wares.
The Office of Government Ethics recommended disciplinary action against White House adviser Kellyanne Conway after she urged viewers to “go buy Ivanka’s stuff” during a February interview on “Fox & Friends.”
However the liberal boycott has proven to be a yuge flop. According to the e-commerce aggregator Lyst, from January to February, Ivanka Trump sales increased a staggering 346 percent.



ARTICLE
Judge Andrew Napolitano claims that Barack Obama was definitely surveilling Donald Trump during the election, and also revealed that Obama ordered wiretaps by himself without going through an intelligence agency or court to get a warrant. 
Former President Obama had the power to order the NSA to wiretap anyone at any time, Judge Napolitano said on Lou Dobbs Tonight, taking it upon himself to clear up the misinformation being spread by mainstream media on the issue of Obama’s involvement in the “Worse than Watergate” surveillance of Trump during the election.
“I’m sorry for the misunderstanding that there is around this story, but the statute is very clear. This is the statute that creates the FISA, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court, and that statute says, “notwithstanding anything in this statute, the President of the United States may order the surveillance of anybody on the United States of America, upon the filing of a certification by the Attorney General that it relates to national security, a filing that no one can read, not even the judges with whom it is filed.”
Judge Napolitano was just getting warmed up, and he continued educating the mainstream media about the law – and what Obama was really up to during his time in the Oval Office.
“The notion that Obama would have to ask the FBI to get a search warrant? Out of the question.
The FBI has nothing to do with this, they are interested in law enforcement. 
The idea that he would have to go to a FISA court to do this – out of the question. 
Why would he go to the FISA to do something that he himself has the right to do.”
The idea that they actually had to tap Trump? Out of the question. 
Because every phone call on every mobile device and landline, every keypad touch of every mobile device and desktop, every piece of digital information that flows into and out of the US on fibre optics, is captured in real time digitally by the NSA. 
The NSA is in the Pentagon, it works for the President.“
According to Napolitano, when Obama asked the NSA for the transcript of any phone conversation between any two citizens of the United States, the NSA would have it on his desk in no time at all.
https://youtu.be/8YnJXhOOOb0?t=168
Did Obama spy on Trump? 
There is no question Obama wiretapped Trump, according to Napolitano, considering Obama is on record having gone beyond the pale in surveilling American citizens. He surveilled journalists, senators, generals in the Pentagon and justices in the Supreme Court, so why wouldn’t he spy on a presidential candidate?
“One of the FISA court warrants that I saw was, quote, ‘for every customer of Verizon in the United States.’ That’s 113 million people, including most of the federal government.”
“Tricky Barry”
Napolitano also reacted scathingly to Obama’s carefully worded, lawyerly denial of wiretapping Trump during the election campaign, accusing the former president of intentionally misleading the American people with a convoluted response.
“The statement that you just read from his spokesman Kevin Lewis says that the President didn’t interfere in any Justice Department investigation. This wouldn’t have been a Justice Department investigation! This would have been the President’s politically motivated curiosity as to what Donald Trump was saying to Steve Bannon back in October.”
What is the Deep State?
Trump is at war with the Deep State, according to Napolitano. And the Deep State, including the CIA, are facing up to their most formidable opponent since JFK.
“You used a phrase in your introduction that has entered our parlance in the past month or so but really it has been around for many years, since 1947, the Deep State. The part of the government that never changes, no matter which party controls Congress, and which party is in the White House.”
“There are many aspects of the Deep State. We are talking about the intelligence community of the Deep State. People in the intelligence community that have access to so much information about everyone, they can manipulate the president of the United States, and if they don’t like what he says, they can embarrass him, and if they want to control his thought patterns and decision making, they will keep information away from him.”
“Donald Trump has fallen victim to that and he knows he has to stop it.”

“The Deep State has a very wise and shrewd adversary – the man in the Oval Office. The first time in the modern era the man in the Oval Office has been an adversary of the Deep State rather than a tool of it.”

[WikiLeaks Reveals Hacking Tools Used By CIA]
“Trump’s suggestion for a Congressional investigation of the intelligence community is the last thing his enemies in the Deep State want. Because if the American pubic learns that they have access to everything we type and everything we say, they will be repulsed by the power that this Deep State group has, that Congress gave them. They [Congress] created this on their own. Congress enacted three pieces of legislation, [and] perverse interpretation of this legislation before a secret court lets them gather everything we say in real time.”



ARTICLE
Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch is likely to face prosecution after she signed off on the FISA court order approving Barack Obama’s request to wiretap Donald Trump.
Obama petitioned the FISA court twice during the presidential election, allowing him to tap Trump’s telephone conversations, under the guise of conducting a non-existent “national security investigation.”
According to new reports, all applications to the FISA Court last year would have signed off on by Attorney General Loretta Lynch.
This has prompted Congress to look into launching an investigation into the Obama administration and Former AG Loretta Lynch, after the White House requested a full criminal probe.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
The FISA Court was put in place in 1978 when Congress enacted the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA):
The Court sits in Washington D.C., and is composed of eleven federal district court judges who are designated by the Chief Justice of the United States.  Each judge serves for a maximum of seven years and their terms are staggered to ensure continuity on the Court.  By statute, the judges must be drawn from at least seven of the United States judicial circuits, and three of the judges must reside within 20 miles of the District of Columbia.  Judges typically sit for one week at a time, on a rotating basis.
Pursuant to FISA, the Court entertains applications submitted by the United States Government for approval of electronic surveillance, physical search, and other investigative actions for foreign intelligence purposes.  Most of the Court’s work is conducted ex parte as required by statute, and due to the need to protect classified national security information.
Every single judge on the FISA Court as of today was appointed during Obama’s Presidency!
Five of the current eleven judges on the court are scheduled to be on the court for President Trump’s entire first term with six of the judges’ terms expiring before January 2021.  Seven of the judges are scheduled into the year 2020.

Current Chief Justice John Roberts has been in his role since 2005 and therefore he has appointed all the judges to the FISA court.  Judge Roberts is famous for supporting Obamacare in two radical positions, one of which Justice Antonin Scalia, in his withering dissent, refered to as “applesauce”.  Knowing this, it is concerning that Judge Roberts also is responsible for the makeup of the current FISA court.
Only two in over 10,000 applications were turned down by the FISA Court.
According to ABC News:
More than a thousand applications for electronic surveillance, all signed by the attorney general,are submitted each year, and the vast majority are approved. From 2009 to 2015, for example, more than 10,700 applications for electronic surveillance were submitted, and only one was denied in its entirety, according to annual reports sent to Congress. Another one was denied in part, and 17 were withdrawn by the government.
According to ABC, all applications to the FISA Court were signed off on by the Attorney General and therefore if any applications were processed in the past year, they were signed off on by Loretta Lynch.  This means that Lynch signed off on any requests for wire tapping President Donald Trump during the Presidential race.   This is disheartening knowing that she released a video over the weekend calling for the need for more marching, blood and death on the streets.  This also means that she chose not to investigate the Clinton Foundation for illegal activities but rather signed an application to wire tap President Trump.
Finally, another very disturbing fact about the wire tapping request of President Trump is that the FISA Court turned down President Obama’s Administration’s first request to wire tap President Trump that was evidently signed off on by Attorney General Lynch.  With only two applications denied out of 10,700 from 2009 through 2015, the fact that the Obama Administration’s application was denied by the FISA Court is very disturbing.  The odds of this happening were 0.02%.
The Obama Presidency is now arguably the most corrupt in US history.



ARTICLE
WikiLeaks claim that the DNC and Podesta hacks were a “false flag operation” by the CIA, designed to undermine President Trump. 
The Central Intelligence Agency’s UMBRAGE group used hacking tools to leave behind fake breadcrumbs that falsely traced any potential hacking back to Russia.
This Wikileaks release confirms what many independent news outlets have been saying all along: the Deep State wanted Clinton to win the Presidency due to the threat Trump poses to the globalists’ agenda.
From Vault 7 Press release:
The CIA’s Remote Devices Branch’s UMBRAGE group collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques ‘stolen’ from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation.
With UMBRAGE and related projects the CIA cannot only increase its total number of attack types but also misdirect attribution by leaving behind the “fingerprints” of the groups that the attack techniques were stolen from.

According to internet sleuths reading through the Vault 7 release on Tuesday, there are three theories about who was behind the Russian hacking scandal and why:
Theory 1: White Hats inside the intelligence agencies did it to help Trump.
Theory 2: An internal war within the Deep State especially regarding Clinton’s crimes and cover-ups of Benghazi, email security breaches, etc.
Theory 3: The DEEP STATE actors wanted to both take down Hillary and frame Trump vis a vis the ‘Russians hacked the election’ meme. I’m sure many in the embedded Establishment wanted a new puppet front man other than Trump or Clinton. This maneuver would undermine both parties and the Deep State wins again.



ARTICLE
Hillary Clinton appears to have blackmailed FBI Director James Comey into letting her walk free, after she found out about their wiretapping of Donald Trump.
With the Obamagate scandal threatening a full Congressional inquiry into the Obama administration and Justice Department, new allegations have come to light that suggests Hillary took full advantage of the situation for her own selfish benefit.
According to a 2016 admission by Clinton on Twitter, the former Secretary of State knew that the FBI were actively wiretapping Trump – which is why she walked away from the email server investigation as a free woman.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
Blackmail is one of the most effective tools to control people in power, especially politicians. Is this why Comey didn’t recommend charges for Hillary Clinton on the email investigation?
If she was aware of the FBI wiretapping, she could use that as blackmail against Comey.
Yesterday, TGP reported that FBI Director Comey asked the Justice Department to publicly reject Trump’s wiretapping claim. Did he order the wiretap?
Yesterday, Mark Levin named the FBI as one of the agencies involved in a blistering interview with Fox News.
It appears that Hillary Clinton was aware of the wiretap because she tweeted about it one week before the election.

We know that AG Loretta Lynch also met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in June of 2016 right around the same time as the first FISA request.
Bill Clinton then passed the information about the wiretapping plan to Hillary Clinton in order to help his wife win the election.
If Hillary Clinton had knowledge of Comey’s involvement in the wiretapping, perhaps he let her off the hook to save himself from Clinton blackmail tactics.



ARTICLE
An FBI insider claims that attempts to wiretap Donald Trump were made by the Deep State in order to prevent him from exposing a Washington DC pedophile ring.

According to the whistleblower, the UK and Israel helped the Obama administration plot against Donald Trump due to the threat he posed against the globalist elite.
The FBI insider blew the whistle during an exclusive interview with Victurus Libertas:
Q. Thank you for talking with us. What do you think of Trump’s allegations against Obama?
A. In the words of the Carpenters, “ it’s only just begun”
Q. So was Trump wiretapped as our DHS insider and Robert Steele suggest
A. Yes.
Q. Why?A. Wrong question
Q. Ok, by whom?
A. Trump tower was bugged by more than just our IC.
Q. WHAT????? Could you elaborate?
A. Brits, Israeli’s. In the fullness of time, much will be revealed
Q. Why the Brits?
A. The same reason as the Israeli’s. Trump is a threat to the Deep State. The Deep State is a threat to Trump. Globalists are the population’s beekeepers. They harness the energy, they harness the honey. Controlled oppression.
Q. So why do you and other insiders leak to us and others?
A. Because once in a while, a bat needs to be taken to the bee hive.
Q. So you want the bees swarming?
A. In a manner of speaking. We leak, so that the people may have a just outrage and demand a just result. The People outnumber the Government 300 to 1. It’s a numbers game. We expected high-level arrests to happen weeks ago but discovered the beekeepers had interfered at the highest levels. There is an internal war within our Government, as many know. The Shadow State is like a vampire facing dawn. They do not go easily into sunlit areas.
Q. So why did the Israeli’s bug Trump
A. The same reason they keep close tabs on Jared Kushner, who I fully expect will be let go by Trump soon. There is too much liability with Kushner. Kushner has pressure from the Israeli lobby and Trump knows he is a delivery boy for AIPAC. The Israeli’s bugged Trump because they were concerned about Bannon, America First, the possibility that with a Trump win, they would see their foreign aid cut, which by the way, is going to happen.
Q. What do you think of David Seaman? Is he a Mossad asset?
A. Never heard of him.
Q. How will this all play out?
A. We are entering a time of political purge – the likes of which has not been seen for decades, if not centuries. Trump has the evidence he needs to launch an investigation into a myriad of DC collusions. He must concentrate on the communications between Lynch, Bill Clinton, Obama, and Brennan. He needs to get serious with the pedophilia investigation because he can bring down his enemies in one fell swoop. McCain, Graham, Obama, Bill Clinton, and so on… His greatest tools include the Wiener file titled “Life Insurance“. (Names, dates, photo’s, videos) and the Epstein videos captured by NSA when they were being delivered to Israeli intel, Wiener, and Epstein. But, his greatest tool is the collective rage of the People. Trump must prosecute #PedoGate. The relationship between Schumer and Wiener must be explored. It may lead to some stunning climaxes if you can excuse the pun.
Q. This is huge!
A. As I said before, there is enough underbelly rot to collapse not only our Government but collapse the Likud party in Israel and expose a huge political pedophile ring that exists in the US, UK, Asia, etc. All inter-connected. And that’s not even venturing into the extortion aspect.
Q. Will it get bloody?
A. Let’s just say its flag weather.
Q. Any advice for Trump?
A. He who hesitates is lost…



ARTICLE
The CIA desperately tried to figure out how to hack cars in order to carry out clandestine assassinations, according to documents released by WikiLeaks.
The Central Intelligence Agency were actively working on hacking motor vehicle systems, in order to target potential victims.
The documents are part of a “Vault 7” leak involving thousands of files leaked from the CIA’s center for cyber operations.
The allegations of car hacking originate from a set of October 2014 meeting notes from the CIA’s “Embedded Development Branch,” which WikiLeaks claims is a section of the agency tasked with infecting smart devices with malware in order to transform them into covert microphones.
Under a section labeled “Potential Mission Areas for EDB,” the document describes “vehicle systems” as a possible target.
WikiLeaks claims that these notes show a willingness by the spy agency to engage in“nearly undetectable assassinations.”
Dailycaller.com reports:
These documents detail CIA cyber operations, which include hacking a television so that it pretends to be off while recording targets.
The documents have not been confirmed as authentic by the CIA.
One document detailing notes of an October 2014 meeting of the “embedded development branch” says a potential target is “vehicle systems.”
WikiLeaks wrote in a press release, “the purpose of such control is not specified, but it would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations.”
Wired has previously reported on how hackers were able to take control of a car’s controls and disable the brakes.
The CIA has not confirmed nor denied the validity of the documents released by WikiLeaks.



ARTICLE
The U.S. military are preparing for a full military strike against North Korea in a move designed to wipe out Kim Jong-un’s full nuclear arsenal. 
The announcement comes after North Korea threatened to strike US bases in Japan, firing three of its four missiles dangerously close to the U.S. ally.
President Trump has warned that Pyongyang will suffer “very dire consequences” for its actions as a result, according to a White House statement.
Independent.co.uk reports:
Business Insider spoke with Stratfor’s Sim Tack, a senior analyst and an expert on North Korea, to determine exactly how the US could potentially carry out a crippling strike against the Hermit Kingdom.
First, a decision would need to be made.
Military action against North Korea wouldn’t be pretty. Some number of civilians in South Korea, possibly Japan, and US forces stationed in the Pacific would be likely to die in the undertaking no matter how smoothly things went.
In short, it’s not a decision any US commander-in-chief would make lightly.
But the US would have to choose between a full-scale destruction of North Korea’s nuclear facilities and ground forces or a quicker attack on only the most important nuclear facilities. The second option would focus more on crippling North Korea’s nuclear program and destroying key threats to the US and its allies.
Since a full-scale attack could lead to “mission creep that could pull the US into a longterm conflict in East Asia,” according to Tack, we’ll focus on a quick, surgical strike that would wipe out the bulk of North Korea’s nuclear forces.
Then, the opening salvo — a stealth air blitz and cruise missiles rock North Korea’s nuclear facilities.
The best tools the US could use against North Korea would be stealth aircraft like the F-22 and B-2 bomber, according to Tack.
The US would slowly but surely position submarines, Navy ships, and stealth aircraft at bases near North Korea in ways that avoid provoking the Hermit Kingdom’s suspicions.
Then, when the time was right, bombers would rip across the sky and ships would let loose with an awesome volley of firepower. The US already has considerable combat capability amassed in the region.
“Suddenly you’d read on the news that the US has conducted these airstrikes,” said Tack.
While the F-22 and F-35 would certainly do work over North Korea missile production sites, it really a job for the B-2.
As a long-range stealth bomber with a huge ordnance capacity, the B-2 could drop massive, 30,000 pound bombs on deep underground bunkers in North Korea — and they could do it from as far away as Guam or the continental United States.
The initial targets would include nuclear reactors, missile production facilities, and launching pads for ICBMs, according to Tack.
Cruise missiles would pour in from the sea, F-22s would beat down North Korea’s rudimentary air defenses, and B-2s would pound every known missile site into dust.
Planes like the F-35 and F-22 would frantically hunt down mobile missile launchers, which can hide all over North Korea’s mountainous terrain. In the event that North Korea does get off a missile, the US and South Korea have layered missile defenses that would attempt to shoot it out of the sky.
Next, the US would try to limit North Korean retaliation.
Once the US has committed the initial strike against North Korea, how does Kim Jong-un respond?
Even with its nuclear facilities in ashes and the majority of their command and control destroyed “North Korea has a lot of options,” said Tack. “They have their massive, massive conventional artillery options that can start firing at South Korea in a split second.”
But most North Korean artillery can’t reach Seoul, South Korea’s capital.
Additionally, Seoul has significant underground bunkers and infrastructure to quickly protect its citizens, though some measure of damage to the city would be unavoidable.
According to Tack, much of this artillery would instead fire on the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas, detonating mines so that North Korean ground forces can push through. Also within range would be US forces near the DMZ.
Some 25,000 American soldiers are stationed in South Korea, all of whom would face grave danger from North Korea’s vast artillery installations.
But the North Korean artillery isn’t top of the line. They could focus on slamming US forces, or they could focus on hitting Seoul. Splitting fire between the two targets would limit the impact of their longer-range systems.
Additionally, as the artillery starts to fire, it becomes and exposed sitting duck for US jets overhead.
The next phase of the battle would be underwater.
North Korea has a submarine that can launch nuclear ballistic missiles, which would represent a big risk to US forces as it can sail outside of the range of established missile defenses.
Fortunately, the best submarine hunters in the world sail with the US Navy.
Helicopters would drop special listening buoys, destroyers would use their advanced radars, and US subs would listen for anything unusual in the deep. North Korea’s antique submarine would hardly be a match for the combined efforts of the US, South Korea, and Japan.
While the submarine would greatly complicate the operation, it would most likely find itself at the bottom of the ocean before it could do any meaningful damage.
What happens if Kim Jong Un is killed?
“Decapitation” or the removal of the Kim regime would be a huge blow to the fiercely autocratic Hermit Kingdom.
Kim Jong-un has reportedly engaged in a vicious campaign to execute senior officials with packs of dogs, mortar fire, and anti-aircraft guns for a simple reason — they have ties to China, according to Tack.
Jong-un’s removal of anyone senior with ties to China means that he has consolidated power within his country to a degree that makes him necessary to the country’s functioning.
Without a leader, North Korean forces would face a severe blow to their morale as well as their command structure, but it wouldn’t end the fight.
“Technically North Korea is under the rule of their ‘forever leader’ Kim Il Sung,” said Tack, adding that “a decapitation strike wouldn’t guarantee that the structures below him wouldn’t fall apart, but it would be a damn tricky problem for those that remain after him.”
Unfortunately, North Koreans aren’t shy about putting their leader first, and at the first indication of an attack, Kim would likely be tucked away in a bunker deep underground while his countrymen bore the brunt of the attack.
Then the US defends.
U.S. and South Korean marines participate in a U.S.-South Korea joint landing operation drill in Pohang March 30, 2015. The drill is part of the two countries’ annual military training called Foal Eagle, which runs from March 2 to April 24. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
“If North Korea doesn’t retaliate, they’ve lost capability and look weak,” said Tack.
Indeed few would expect North Korea to go quietly after suffering even a crippling attack.
Through massive tunnels bored under the DMZ, North Korea would try to pour ground troops into the South.
“The ground warfare element is a big part of this,” said Tack. “I think that the most likely way that would play out would be the fight in the DMZ area,” where the US would not try to invade North Korea, but rather defend its position in the South.
Though its air force is small and outdated, North Korean jets would need to be addressed and potentially eliminated.
Meanwhile…
US special operations forces, after stealthy jets destroy North Korea’s air defenses, would parachute in and destroy or deactivate mobile launchers and other offensive equipment.
The US faces a big challenge in trying to hunt down some 200 missile launchers throughout North Korea, some of which have treads to enter very difficult terrain where US recon planes would struggle to spot them.
It would be the work of US special forces to establish themselves at key logistical junctures and observe North Koreans’ movements, and then relay that to US air assets.
So how does this all end?
North Korea is neither a house of cards or an impenetrable fortress.
Additionally, the resolve of the North Koreans remains a mystery. North Korea has successfully estimated that the international community is unwilling to intervene as it quietly becomes a nuclear power, but that calculation could become their undoing.
North Korea would likely launch cyber attacks, possibly shutting down parts of the US or allies’ power grids, but US Cyber Command would prepare for that.
North Korea would likely destroy some US military installations, lay waste to some small portion of Seoul, and get a handful of missiles fired — but again, US and allied planners would stand ready for that.
In the end, it would be a brutal, bloody conflict, but even the propaganda-saturated North Koreans must know just how disadvantaged they are, according to Tack.
Even after a devastating missile attack, some of North Korea’s nuclear stockpile would likely remain hidden. Some element of the remainder of North Koreans could stage a retaliation, but what would be the point?
“If they chose to go the route of conducting a large scale retaliation, they’re inviting a continuation of the conflict that eventually they cannot win … Nobody in this whole game is going to believe that North Korea can win a war against the US, South Korea, and Japan,” concluded Tack.



ARTICLE
US President Donald Trump has  asked Congress to establish whether the Obama administration abused investigative powers in 2016

The White House has requested that the US Congress investigate alleged abuse of executive power by the Obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election.
RT reports:
The White House request released on Sunday was directed to “congressional intelligence committees” and required them to “exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.”


The statement added that no further comments on the issue would come from either the White House or the president.
The request comes a day after US President Donald Trump accused his predecessor of ordering the wiretapping of his phones during the election campaign.
The accusation apparently refers to the reported surveillance of two Russian banks authorized by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court as part of the investigation of the alleged Russian meddling. The initial FBI request specifically targeted four members of the Trump campaign but was rejected by the FISC, so the agency filed a new request that targeted the banks instead.

James Clapper, who served as director of national intelligence in the Obama administration, reiterated the rejection of the wiretapping allegations on Sunday.
“There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president, the president-elect at the time, as a candidate or against his campaign,” he told NBC’s Meet the Press, after the White House statement was released.
Clapper added that as intelligence director, he would have known about a “FISA court order on something like this. Absolutely, I can deny it.”
Trump’s alleged Russian connection, which the president denies, is a recurring accusation of his critics. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign less than a month after being appointed national security adviser due to his contacts with the Russian ambassador in Washington. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is currently under attack for failing to mention his meetings with the Russian ambassador during his confirmation hearing.
 



ARTICLE
Thousands of CIA documents published by WikiLeaks on Tuesday reveal that the Central Intelligence Agency had tools enabling them to listen to private conversation on any iPhone device.  
The Vault 7 documents reveal that the CIA developed malware enabling them to turn iPhones, Android devices and Samsung smart TVs into covert listening devices.
Under the codename “Weeping Angel,” developed in co-operation with MI5, the spy agency was able to listen into private conversations held in front of a smart TV – even whilst the television set was apparently switched off.
Cbc.ca reports:
WikiLeaks also claims U.S. spies can bypass the encryption of apps including WhatsApp, Signal and Telegram, and that the U.S. consulate in Frankfurt, Germany is a “covert CIA hacker base” for personnel covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Cryptic hints
WikiLeaks, which had been dropping cryptic hints about the release for a month, said in a lengthy statement that the CIA had “recently” lost control of a massive arsenal of CIA hacking tools as well as associated documentation. The radical transparency organization said that “the archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner” and that one of them “provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive.”
Jonathan Liu, a spokesman for the CIA, said: “We do not comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents.”
Williams, who has experience dealing with government hackers, said that the voluminous files’ extensive references to operation security meant they were almost certainly government-backed.
“I can’t fathom anyone fabricated that amount of operational security concern,” he said. “It rings true to me.”
“The only people who are having that conversation are people who are engaging in nation-state-level hacking,” he said.



ARTICLE
A Hollywood star has penned an open letter that reveals senior Hollywood executives have ordered Trump supporting stars not to show support for President Trump – otherwise their careers in the industry will be over.
The extraordinary letter details the inner workings of Hollywood, and claims there is a Marxist cultural agenda being rolled out by the elites who are working to a multi-year plan.
The star, an actor, explains that he is “fighting from the inside” but claims that he and “hundreds of other Trump supporters in Hollywood” cannot openly declare their support for their President because it will “breach our contracts… at the very minimum we will be forever blacklisted.“
“Fortunately, my agent that represents me is very open about everything and is totally cool with me being a Trump supporter but that’s not enough. I contacted my lawyer who basically gave me the same advice: “If you prefer not to have a potential lawsuit against you, better not wear your MAGA hat to a public event.“
“Hollywood is not fond of free speech”
“If I could only describe the contempt the elite hold, it’s astounding. These are NOT Americans, although they pretend to be. Their goal is to shape the public’s opinion of anyone who is even remotely conservative as a Nazi loving, racist bigot. The irony of course, on display for everyone to see is that Hollywood is the biggest bunch of bigots I have ever come upon.
“This has become a culture war and I think ultimately we lose because politics is downstream from culture and Hollywood has a grasp on that, whether or not you like it. So does it all lead to a civil war?”
The A-lister also detailed the plans Hollywood has in place to push ahead with their agenda and indoctrinate Americans via the platform of popular culture.
“Hollywood is also evolving. Everything is moving to “new media” as in streaming and YouTube movies etc. By the end of next year, YouTube will have their first streaming series, supposedly filled with lots of anti-nationalist propaganda. 
“The shit is getting ridiculous, as I heard Steven Spielberg has gotten the green light to go full retard in Indiana Jones. Personally if this rumor is true then I think they are playing a dangerous game. The war is on and it is not going to stop.”
“In the end it’s about the fight for the survival of our Republic and it’s raging like never before.”
“When someone like myself cannot even publicly support the President of his own country, you know things are bad. When enforcing laws is branded as “hate” you know that the commies have infiltrated our great nation.
“What will it mean in a few years? Can President Trump turn this country around or are we too far gone? Will the hundreds of secret Trump supporters like myself be able to have any influence IF we come out and publicly support him? I don’t know and honestly, although things on the surface seem all cheery and bright, I think the cancer of libtardism is metastasizing.“
“I want you all to know that there are many of us in the entertainment business, united in this fight for our Republic. Although still silent, we will fight from the inside!”



ARTICLE
President Trump has been given evidence showing a paper trail from Barack Obama to a FISA court confirming that he was illegally wiretapped by the former President.
Obama obtained authorization from the court to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign under the guise of conducting a phoney “national security investigation”.
The new evidence will likely result in a criminal investigation into the misuse of the FISA process by the Obama administration and Department of Justice.
Canadafreepress.com reports:
Additionally, Obama personally relaxed the limitations on how such information collected could be disseminated in the weeks before leaving office.
The political ramifications from this, if proved correct, could be unprecedented in scope. Once fully exposed, it would explain the curious actions of Obama as he prepared to vacate the White House. It would also explain, in context, the actions and statements of not only Barack Hussein Obama, but others in key positions of power including Loretta Lynch, Sally Yates, John Brennan, and others within the media.
At issue is Obama’s insistence to secure a federal wiretap warrant of Donald J. Trump, the candidate, using the federal court system as the mechanism to do so. The ostensible probable cause was alleged ties between Donald J. Trump and/or his associates with Russia.
The first warrant application was made in June 2016, according to reports published by The New York Times and elsewhere, but was rejected due to the lack of probable cause of criminal activity.
When the request was denied in regular federal court, Obama and his Justice Department attempted an “end around” by citing the existence of a “foreign actor” and made a similar surveillance warrant application through the more specialized Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court in October of 2016. According to published reports, that warrant application was rejected as well, a rare occurrence in the FISA venue, which strengthens claims that no evidence of any foreign involvement ever existed. It has been reported that the initial warrant application to the FISA court specifically named Donald J. Trump.
It is also relevant to note here that this is the type of activity that led to the creation of the infamous “Wall” that was referenced after the 9/11 attacks. Its relevance to this specific instance is explained well by former federal prosecutor Andrew McCarthy in this January 11, 2017 column.
Apparently undeterred, the Obama Justice Department submitted yet another application to the FISA court, this time omitting the name of Donald J. Trump and submitting it as a FISA specific case. The FISA court reportedly approved the application under the new and more narrow scope. Specifically, ties to two Russian banks: Russia’s SV bank and Alfa Bank. The alleged target was a computer server reportedly situated inside the Trump Tower.
Based on the lack of action consequential to that warrant and wiretap, it has been stated (and can be reasonably determined) that no actionable evidence was found.
Shortly before leaving office, Obama expanded the power of the National Security Agency (NSA) as detailed in the unclassified document titled Procedures for the Availability or Dissemination of Raw Signals Intelligence Information by the National Security Agency (NSA). As detailed in that document, limitations were changed on what the NSA could do with the information they collected through their surveillance operations. These changes effectively relaxed the restrictions on the dissemination of information collected on private citizens by broadening the access to such information.
It is also notable that on January 3, 2017, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch signed off on rule changes for phone taps.
It appears that President Trump has been provided the evidence of a paper trail leading to a FISA court that substantiates his assertions that Barack Hussein Obama, working in concert with others including those wielding the full might and power of various federal agencies, improperly obtained authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign under the pretense of a national security investigation, and continued such monitoring beyond its tenuous scope even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found.
This is as serious as it gets.



ARTICLE
Former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino claims that the Obama wiretapping scandal is going to “blow wide open” this week.
According to Bongino, the mainstream media is making a huge mistake in mistakingly assuming that the #Obamagate scandal will fizzle into nothing.
Bongino worked for former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama in the Presidential Protection Division.
In a Facebook Live video, Bongino claims that the media wants to push the story that Trump “pressured the FBI” to tell him about the wiretap or that the president is lying.
Bongino explains that Trump’s Secret Service protection probably did electronic countermeasure sweeps to check for listening devices and found the bugs.
According to the former Secret Service Agent, America is going to find out the truth about the wiretapping situation this week.






ARTICLE
Congress has opened an investigation into the FBI’s ties with a disgraced former British spy who supplied a fake Russian dossier to try and bring down Trump’s presidency. 
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassly is leading an inquiry into claims that the FBI hired former MI6 spy Christopher Steele to produce unverified and salacious claims about President Trump.
In a scathing letter to FBI Director James Comey, Grassley claims that Steele was a Democrat plant tasked with stopping Trump from taking office.
Thehill.com reports:
In a Monday letter to FBI Director James Comey, Grassley asked for records pertaining to any agreements the agency may have had with Christopher Steele. The MI6 agent wrote an explosive memo on behalf of Trump’s political enemies alleging that the Russians had compromising information on the president.
Comey briefed Trump on the existence of the memo in a private meeting in January.
Shortly after, several news organizations published the unverified allegations, which the White House denied.
In late February, The Washington Post reported that the FBI reached an agreement with Steele whereby the British spy would continue his investigation on behalf of the bureau.
“While Trump has derided the dossier as ‘fake news’ compiled by his political opponents, the FBI’s arrangement with Steele shows that the bureau considered him credible and found his information, while unproved, to be worthy of further investigation,” the Post reported at the time.
Grassley is pushing back and demanding the FBI provide information pertaining to its use of the British spy, whose salacious allegations have infuriated Trump and his allies.
“The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for President in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI’s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration’s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends,” Grassley wrote.
“It is additionally troubling that the FBI reportedly agreed to such an arrangement given that, in January of 2017, then-Director Clapper issued a statement stating that ‘the [intelligence community] has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable, and we did not rely upon it in any way for our conclusions.’”
In his letter, Grassley asks for all records regarding Steele’s investigation, details of the agreement between the FBI and Steele, the FBI’s policies for using outside investigators, and whether the bureau has relied on any of the information Steele has provided in seeking warrants.



ARTICLE
Judicial Watch issued a lawsuit against the Deep State on Monday, demanding to see records about the illegal wiretapping of Michael Flynn’s telephone line.
The government watchdog filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the CIA, DOJ, and DOT seeking all records relating to the investigation of General Flynn’s communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
According to Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton, the Deep State actively sought to oust Flynn, using illegal and unconstitutional methods which ultimately resulted in proving his innocence.
“We’ve been looking into this story for months now and the only crimes connected to this Russian scandal we’ve been able to find so far are the illegal leaks of information and the violations of privacy by the Obama gang,” Fitton told Breitbart News.
Zerohedge.com reports:
Judicial Watch announced today that it filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the United States Department of Justice and the Department of the Treasury regarding records related to the investigation of retired United States Army Lieutenant General Michel Flynn’s communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak (Judicial Watch v. Central Intelligence Agency et al. (No.1:17-cv-00397)).  (The National Security Agency refused to confirm or deny the existence of intelligence records about communications between Gen. Flynn and Amb Kislyak.)
Judicial Watch filed the lawsuit after the agencies failed to respond to a January 25, 2017, FOIA request seeking:
Any and all records regarding, concerning, or related to the investigation of retired Gen. Michael Flynn’s communications with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak between October 1, 2016 and the present.
This request includes, but is not limited to, any and all related warrants, affidavits, declarations, or similar records regarding the aforementioned investigation.
For purposes of clarification, please find enclosed a CNN report regarding the investigation, which cites information that was provided to CNN by members of the Intelligence Community.
In its complaint Judicial Watch asks the court to order the agencies to search for all records responsive to its FOIA requests and demonstrate that they employed reasonable search methods; order the agencies to produce by a specific date all non-exempt records and a Vaughn index of all withheld records; and instruct the agencies to cease withholding all non-exempt records.
On January 23, 2017, the establishment shot itself in the foot as CNN reported that the government was investigating Flynn, former national security adviser to President Trump:
The calls were captured by routine US eavesdropping targeting the Russian diplomats, according to the intelligence and law enforcement officials. But the officials said some of the content of the conversation raised enough potential concerns that investigators are still looking into the discussions, amid a broader concern about Russian intelligence-gathering activities in the United States.
The officials all stressed that so far there has been no determination of any wrongdoing.
FBI and intelligence officials briefed members of the Obama White House team before President Barack Obama left office about the Flynn calls to the Russian ambassador, sources said.
“President Trump is on to something. The Obama-connected wiretapping and illegal leaks of classified material concerning President Trump and General Flynn are a scandal,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “Judicial Watch aims to get to the truth about these crimes and we hope the Trump administration stands with us in the fight for transparency.”



ARTICLE
Smart meters are a scam that “overcharge consumers by up to 582%” while at the same time collecting owner’s data which is then sold to third parties for further profit, according to the first major university study into the controversial technology.
Electric utilities have increasingly embraced smart meters, pushing hard for the mass rollout of the technology. Roughly 65 million of the devices have been installed in the United States over the last few years, with 57 million of them in consumer homes.
The meters provide innumerable benefits to utility companies, often delivering an ocean of new remote access and monitoring tools to better manage the network and reduce meter reading truck rolls.
But the benefits to consumers have been less notable, including interference with some home routers, as well as the fact that a number of models have been shown to be relatively easily hacked.
Now the University of Twente in the Netherlands has published the results of a major study into the  nine most popular smart meters used in the United States and United Kingdom, with the conclusion that smart meters routinely overcharge consumers, often by staggering amounts…
“In the experiments (which were entirely reproducible), five of the nine smart meters gave readings that were much higher than the actual amount of power consumed. Indeed, in some setups, these were up to 582 percent higher.
The inaccurate readings are attributed to the energy meter’s design, together with the increasing use of modern (often energy-efficient) switching devices. Here, the electricity being consumed no longer has a perfect waveform, instead it acquires an erratic pattern. The designers of modern energy meters have not made sufficient allowance for switching devices of this kind.
When they dismantled the energy meters tested, the researchers found that the ones associated with excessively high readings contained a ‘Rogowski Coil’ while those associated with excessively low readings contained a ‘Hall Sensor’. 
Frank Leferink (Professor of Electromagnetic Compatibility at the UT) points out that “The energy meters we tested meet all the legal requirements and are certified. These requirements, however, have not made sufficient allowance for modern switching devices”.
Techdirt report: In addition to overcharging consumers, the sheer volume of data being gobbed up by utility companies via smart meters tells them an awful lot about you (when you wake, when you sleep, when you’re home or away). As we’ve seen with cellular location data, once companies collect this information, it’s often sold to any number of third parties who may be using this data in ways that aren’t always in your best interests.
This has sparked outrage from locals in places like Naperville, Illinois, where, since 2011, meter opponents have been fighting the intrusive nature of the devices:
“…Opponents say the meters provide so much information that everyone from cops to criminals to marketing departments can learn when people are home and what they do when they’re there. Last year, the anti-meter movement fell just short of collecting enough signatures to place a question on the ballot asking residents to decide whether the devices should be removed. They also have a pending federal lawsuit against the city alleging that their constitutional right to due process has been violated.“
So what can you do?
Do some research and determine whether you have a Hall Sensor or Rogowski Coil in your smart meter. If possible, make sure you have a Hall Sensor as these smart meters are associated with much lower energy consumption readings.
Also keep up the pressure on cities and electric utilities to respect consumer privacy. Successful lawsuits have been filed in Naperville and Illinois, demanding the right to privacy, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is currently hearing a similar case.
The right to privacy in your own home – not to mention fair energy consumption bills – is currently being fought.



ARTICLE
Barbra Streisand promised to move to Australia if Donald Trump won the election, but she is still here and still blaming Trump for everything including her recent rapid weight gain.
Streisand tweeted Saturday that President Trump is the cause of her shocking weight gain, explaining that after starting the day with a green juice she switches to pancakes doused in maple syrup after watching the morning news.


The comfort eater and vocal Clinton supporter issued the tweets after President Trump accused the Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower during the election campaign in a concerted effort to ensure a Clinton victory.
Streisand has been one of Trump’s most vocal celebrity critics, holding an expensive New York City fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in June, and recently writing a sanctimonious article for the Huffington Post, declaring that President Trump’s first 40 days in office “pale in comparison” to Obama’s early days in office.
“Trump has promised to ‘make America great again.’ What makes America great is when our government is as good as our people, and acts with compassion and decency and humility,” she wrote. “He has failed this test already in his first 40 days.”
In a previous article for the same publication, Streisand called Trump “clueless, reckless, graceless and heartless,” and also “terrifyingly scary.”
Given the high emotion of her rhetoric, it doesn’t sound like Babs’ comfort eating is going to end anytime soon. In the interests of her waistline, not to mention her mental health, we can only urge her – again – to follow through on her “threat” to move to Australia and actually make it a reality.



ARTICLE
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been “pushing hard” to become President Trump’s envoy to the Middle East and has held “secret White House talks” with senior advisor Jared Kushner, according to the Mail on Sunday.
Blair has previously called on British PM Theresa May to build a “strong relationship with President Trump“, like his own relationship as PM with President George W. Bush, but this news suggests he is taking matters into his own hands.
A source has told the Mail on Sunday that Blair could become Kushner’s senior adviser, adding: “Blair has been pitching hard for this job and Trump’s people are taking him very seriously.”
The Express reports: Having worked as an envoy for the so-called ‘Middle East Quartet’ which includes the EU, US, Russia and the UN, Blair’s extensive knowledge of the region is believed to be considered valuable by Trump.
The former Labour leader first met with Kushner at a high-profile media event in Aspen, Colorado, in September where they discussed political issues just weeks before the election.
The pair met again just days after Trump’s historic win, when they dined at the £150-a-head Harry Cipriani restaurant in New York.
As a foreign citizen Blair is unlikely to be offered a formal Government role but he could advise the President on how to deal with the volatile region.
Blair has strong ties with Wendi Deng, the ex-wife of media mogul Rupert Murdoch and best friend of Ivanka Trump, Kushner’s wife.
The news comes as Blair called for a “new coalition” in a New York Times article in a desperate bid to block Britain’s EU exit.
He wrote: “The politics of the progressive centre has not died, but it needs reinventing and reenergising. For liberal democracy to survive and thrive, we must build a new coalition that is popular, not populist.”



ARTICLE
The rest of the world is “collapsing in laughter” at the Democratic Party’s attempt to blame “Russian hacking” for Hillary Clinton’s election loss, according to Noam Chomsky.
Only the most naive liberal could possibly believe the DNC’s talking point at this stage, Chomsky argues, as almost four months have passed since the losing Clinton campaign first made the claim – and since then absolutely no evidence has been produced.
“Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence,” as Carl Sagan said.
But despite the lack of any evidence at all, mainstream media has run with the Democratic Party issued propaganda, giving “analysts” like John Podesta, now employed by the Washington Post as a columnist, a free pass to toss around lies and slander, without even threatening to produce any evidence.
It’s all hot air and bluster from the Democrats at the moment and even leftwing figures like Noam Chomsky are calling them out on their lies.
Speaking at the University of Arizona, before a public audience, Professor Chomsky responded to a question about the mainstream media’s role in reporting on the “Russian hacking”.
“Most of the world is just collapsing in laughter. Suppose all the charges are true, I mean every single one, it is so amateurish by US standards that you can hardly even laugh.“
Chomsky points out that the rest of the world know the United States would never let itself be “hacked” by a foreign country. Why? Because hacking foreign countries is what the United States does best. Nobody hacks the master hacker.
“The first 9/11, it happened on September 11, 1973, in Chile,” Chomsky said, referring to the CIA-backed coup that overthrew Chile’s president Salvador Allende. “We did it. Was that interfering or hacking a party? This record is all over the world, constantly overthrowing governments, invading, forcing people to follow what we call democracy, as in the cases I mentioned.”
“As I say, if every (Russian hacking) charge is accurate, it’s a joke, and I’m sure half the world is collapsing in laughter about this, because people outside the United States know it. You don’t have to tell people in Chile about the first 9/11.“



ARTICLE
The White House has asked Congress to criminally investigate Barack Obama for unlawfully wiretapping Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
According to Trump, the Obama administration abused their executive power as part of a phoney investigation into Russian hacking during the election, with the sole purpose of trying to make Trump lose the presidential race.
In response, Obama issued a statement on Saturday claiming that he did not directly order the wiretapping himself:
A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice.  As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance of any US citizen.  Any suggestion otherwise is simply false.
It is interesting to note that Barack Obama’s response does not deny the wiretapping happened.
The statement hints than any order to wiretap Donald Trump’s office was the work of officials in the Justice Department, hinting that Obama will seek to shift the blame when he is called to testify in Congress.
Rt.com reports:
The White House request released on Sunday was directed to “congressional intelligence committees” and required them to “exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016.”


The statement added that no further comments on the issue would come from either the White House or the president.
The request comes a day after US President Donald Trump accused his predecessor of ordering the wiretapping of his phones during the election campaign.
The accusation apparently refers to the reported surveillance of two Russian banks authorized by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court as part of the investigation of the alleged Russian meddling. The initial FBI request specifically targeted four members of the Trump campaign but was rejected by the FISC, so the agency filed a new request that targeted the banks instead.

James Clapper, who served as director of national intelligence in the Obama administration, reiterated the rejection of the wiretapping allegations on Sunday.
“There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president, the president-elect at the time, as a candidate or against his campaign,” he told NBC’s Meet the Press, after the White House statement was released.
Clapper added that as intelligence director, he would have known about a “FISA court order on something like this. Absolutely, I can deny it.”
Trump’s alleged Russian connection, which the president denies, is a recurring accusation of his critics. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign less than a month after being appointed national security adviser due to his contacts with the Russian ambassador in Washington. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is currently under attack for failing to mention his meetings with the Russian ambassador during his confirmation hearing.



ARTICLE
Former President Barack Obama failed on two occasions to get a warrant to wiretap Donald Trump due to a “lack of evidence”, resulting in The White House circumventing the FBI and federal courts.  
Legal experts have warned that the consequences of Obama using the powers of the NSA, CIA and FBI to spy on his political opponents could now result in his prosecution.
Lawnewz.com reports:
The stories currently are three-fold: first, that Obama’s team tried to get a warrant from a regular, Article III federal court on Trump, and was told no by someone along the way (maybe the FBI), as the evidence was that weak or non-existent; second, Obama’s team then tried to circumvent the federal judiciary’s independent role by trying to mislabel the issue one of “foreign agents,” and tried to obtain a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act “courts”, and were again turned down, when the court saw Trump named (an extremely rare act of FISA court refusal of the government, suggesting the evidence was truly non-existent against Trump); and so, third, Obama circumvented both the regular command of the FBI and the regularly appointed federal courts, by placing the entire case as a FISA case (and apparently under Sally Yates at DOJ) as a “foreign” case, and then omitted Trump’s name from a surveillance warrant submitted to the FISA court, which the FISA court unwittingly granted, which Obama then misused to spy on Trump and many connected to Trump.
Are these allegations true? We don’t know yet, but if any part of them are than Obama and/or his officials could face serious trouble.
Can a President be charged with a crime? Only once out of office. While in office, impeachment remains the exclusive remedy in order to avoid a single judicial branch trying to overturn an election, such as a grand jury in any part of the country could. Once out of office, a President remains immune from civil liability for his duties while President, under a 1982 decision of the United States Supreme Court. However, as the Nixon pardon attests, nothing forecloses a criminal prosecution of the President after his presidency is complete for crimes against the country. Obama, the Constitutional lawyer, should know that.
What crimes could have been committed? Ironically, for Democrats falsely accusing Attorney General Sessions, perjury and conspiracy to commit perjury, as well as intentional violations of FISA. Rather shockingly, no law currently forbids misusing the power of the presidency to spy on one’s adversaries. What the law does forbid is lying to any judicial officer to obtain any means of surveillance. What the law does forbid, under criminal penalty, is the misuse of FISA. Both derive from the protections of the Fourth Amendment itself. Under section 1809, FISA makes it a crime for anyone to either “engage in” electronic surveillance under “color of law” under FISA without following the law’s restrictions, or “disclose” or “use” information gathered from it in contravention of the statute’s sharp constrictions.
FISA, 50 USC 1801, et seq., is a very limited method of obtaining surveillance authority. The reason for its strict limits is that FISA evades the regular federal court process, by not allowing regularly, Constitutionally appointed federal judges and their magistrates to authorize surveillance the Fourth Amendment would otherwise forbid. Instead, the Chief Justice handpicks the FISA court members, who have shown an exceptional deference to the executive branch. This is because FISA court members trust the government is only bringing them surveillance about pending terror attacks or “grave hostile” war-like attacks, as the FISA statute limits itself to. Thus, a FISA application can only be used in very limited circumstances.
One important reminder about electronic surveillance. Occasionally, a law enforcement officer will hear or see or record information not allowed by the warrant, but incidental or accidental to otherwise lawful surveillance. Their job is to immediately stop listening, stop recording, and to delete such information. This is what you occasionally see in films where the agent in the van hears the conversation turn away from something criminal to a personal discussion, and the agent then turns off the listening device and stops the recording. Such films simply recognize long-standing legal practice.
FISA can only be used for “foreign intelligence information.” Now that sounds broad, but is in fact very limited under the law. The only “foreign intelligence information” allowed as a basis for surveillance is information necessary to protect the United States against actual or potential “grave” “hostile” attack, war-like sabotage or international terror. Second, it can only be used to eavesdrop on conversations where the parties to the conversation are a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power. An agent of a foreign power cannot be a United States person unless they are knowingly involved in criminal espionage. No warrant is allowed on that person unless a FISA court finds probable cause the United States person is knowingly engaged in criminal espionage. Even then, if it involves a United States person, special steps must be taken to “minimize the acquisition and retention, and prohibit the dissemination, of non publicly available information concerning un-consenting United States persons.”
This includes procedures that require they never identify the person, or the conversation, being surveilled, to the public where that information is not evidence of a particular crime. Third, the kind of information sought concerns solely information about a pending or actual attack on the country. That is why the law limits itself to sabotage incidents involving war, not any form or kind of “sabotage,” explicitly limiting itself to those acts identified in section 105 of Title 18 of the United States Code.
This bring us to Watergate-on-Steroids, or #ObamaGate. Here are the problematic aspects of the Obama surveillance on Trump’s team, and on Trump himself. First, it is not apparent FISA could ever be invoked. Second, it is possible Obama’s team may have perjured themselves before the FISA court by withholding material information essential to the FISA court’s willingness to permit the government surveillance. Third, it could be that Obama’s team illegally disseminated and disclosed FISA information in direct violation of the statute precisely prohibiting such dissemination and disclosure. FISA prohibits, under criminal penalty, Obama’s team from doing any of the three.
At the outset, the NSA should have never been involved in a domestic US election. Investigating the election, or any hacking of the DNC or the phishing of Podesta’s emails, would not be a FISA matter. It does not fit the definition of war sabotage or a “grave” “hostile” war-like attack on the United States, as constrictively covered by FISA. It is your run-of-the-mill hacking case covered by existing United States laws that require use of the regular departments of the FBI, Department of Justice, and Constitutionally Senate-appointed federal district court judges, and their appointed magistrates, not secretive, deferential FISA courts.
Out of 35,000+ requests for surveillance, the FISA court has only ever rejected a whopping 12. Apparently, according to published reports, you can add one more to that — even the FISA court first rejected Obama’s request to spy on Trump’s team under the guise of an investigation into foreign agents of a pending war attack, intelligence agents apparently returned to the court, where, it is my assumption, that they did not disclose or divulge all material facts to the court when seeking the surveillance the second time around, some of which they would later wrongfully disseminate and distribute to the public. By itself, misuse of FISA procedures to obtain surveillance is itself, a crime.
This raises the second problem: Obama’s team submission of an affidavit to to the FISA court. An application for a warrant of any kind requires an affidavit, and that affidavit may not omit material factors. A fact is “material” if it could have the possible impact of impacting the judicial officer deciding whether to authorize the warrant. Such affidavits are the most carefully drawn up, reviewed, and approved affidavits of law enforcement in our system precisely because they must be fully-disclosing, forthcoming, and include any information a judge must know to decide whether to allow our government to spy on its own. My assumption would be that intelligence officials were trying to investigate hacking of DNC which is not even a FISA covered crime, so therefore serious questions arise about what Obama administration attorneys said to the FISA court to even consider the application. If the claim was “financial ties” to Russia, then Obama knew he had no basis to use FISA at all.
Since Trump was the obvious target, the alleged failure to disclose his name in the second application could be a serious and severe violation of the obligation to disclose all material facts. Lastly, given the later behavior, it is evident any promise in the affidavit to protect the surveilled information from ever being sourced or disseminated was a false promise, intended to induce the illicit surveillance. This is criminalized both by federal perjury statutes, conspiracy statutes, and the FISA criminal laws themselves.
That raises the third problem: it seems the FISA-compelled protocols for precluding the dissemination of the information were violated, and that Obama’s team issued orders to achieve precisely what the law forbids, if published reports are true about the administration sharing the surveilled information far-and-wide to promote unlawful leaks to the press. This, too, would be its own crime, as it brings back the ghost of Hillary’s emails — by definition, FISA information is strictly confidential or it’s information that never should have been gathered. FISA strictly segregates its surveilled information into two categories: highly confidential information of the most serious of crimes involving foreign acts of war; or, if not that, then information that should never have been gathered, should be immediately deleted, and never sourced nor disseminated. It cannot be both.
Recognizing this information did not fit FISA meant having to delete it and destroy it. According to published reports, Obama’s team did the opposite: order it preserved, ordered the NSA to search it, keep it, and share it; and then Obama’s Attorney General issued an order to allow broader sharing of information and, according to the New York Times, Obama aides acted to label the Trump information at a lower level of classification for massive-level sharing of the information. The problem for Obama is simple — if it could fit a lower level of classification, then it had to be deleted and destroyed, not disseminated and distributed, under crystal clear FISA law. Obama’s team’s admission it could be classified lower, yet taking actions to insure its broadest distribution, could even put Obama smack-middle of the biggest unlawful surveillance and political-opponent-smear campaign since Nixon. Except even Nixon didn’t use the FBI and NSA for his dirty tricks.
Watergate would have never happened if Nixon felt like he could just ask the FBI or NSA to tape the calls. This is Hoover-esque abuses of the kind Bob Woodward pal, former FBI Assistant Director Mark Felt (otherwise known as Deep Throat), routinely engaged in at the FBI until convicted and removed from office. (You didn’t know that Deep Throat was really a corrupt part of Deep State, did you? Guess who ran the famous COINTELPRO? That’s right — Deep Throat. How would the public have reacted if they knew the media had been in bed with the deep state all the way back then? Maybe that was the reason Woodward, Bernstein and Bradley kept Deep Throat’s identity secret all those years?)
Democrats may regret Sessions’ recusal, as his replacement is a mini-Sessions: a long-respected, a-political, highly ethical prosecutor, Dana Boente, whose reputation is well-warranted from his service at the Tax Division, and who won’t be limited by any perceived ties to Trump, given his prior appointment by Obama. Obama himself appeared scared of Boente, as he removed Boente from the successor-to-Sessions position during the lame-duck part of Obama’s presidency, but Trump restored Boente to that role earlier this month. Democrats may get the investigation they wanted, but it may be their own that end up named in the indictment.



ARTICLE
Convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein has served legal papers to an alternative media website in order to stop them from publishing details surrounding a case involving sex trafficking.
In January, Mike Cernovich of Cernovich Media filed a motion to intervene in Giuffre v. Maxwell –  a case involving a sex trafficking victim and an accused sex trafficker.
A woman who claimed that New York financier Jeffrey Epstein trafficked her for sex when she was a teenager may pursue a lawsuit accusing British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell of defamation for calling her allegations lies, a U.S. judge ruled. 
In a decision on Monday night, U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet in Manhattan denied Maxwell’s request to dismiss Virginia Giuffre’s lawsuit.
Ghislaine Maxwell filed a 70-page motion for summary judgment with the court under seal. As the civil lawsuit is a public proceeding, the case should never have been sealed.
Cernovich Media retained leading first amendment attorney Marco Randazza to represent the interests of the public and the many readers and listeners of Cernovich Media.
The courts belong to the people, not the parties. The First Amendment demands that court proceedings be open to the public. How can a free press do its job in keeping a watchful eye over the workings of government if those workings are sealed? 
In a desperate attempt to keep the public from learning about the wrongdoings by high level government officials in relation to pedophilia and trafficking, Epstein has filed a motion to “quash” Cernovich’s lawsuit.
Dangerandplay.com reports:
In a plot twist fitting of a Kafka novella, the entire motion is redacted.
I can’t tell you what this motion claims, nor can I defend myself in court against these secret charges.

My due process rights are being violated, as it’s impossible for me to respond to this motion, as I don’t know what’s it in and cannot read what accusations pedophile Epstein has made. Here is another excerpt.

As my free speech lawyer Marc Randazza said:
There is a First Amendment right of access to judicial proceedings. We don’t have secret trials. You use the people’s courts, you do it in public. This entire case seems infected with an air of secrecy that is constitutionally unconscionable. When you look at this document, and Ms. Giuffre’s filings, where not even a single word is open to the public? Even documents from the CIA that have national security implications are less redacted than this. The people have a right to know how their courts are being used.
How can the judge allow this?
What is Jeffrey Epstein hiding?
Why is he afraid of me?



ARTICLE
Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch has called for civil war in the United States, demanding “marching“, “blood” and “death” in the streets until President Trump is dragged from office, in a chilling video posted to her Facebook page.
In the short and punchy video, Loretta Lynch begins by claiming that people are experiencing “great fear and uncertainty,” with the unstated implication that it is the President of the United States, Donald Trump, she is referring to.
Appearing nervous and exhausted, Lynch goes on to say that “our rights” are “being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back.” However despite the high emotion and fear mongering, the former Attorney General is unable to offer a single example of her claims.
The most shocking part of Lynch’s short speech comes when she urges Americans to take to the streets, declaring the answer to Trump lies in civil disobedience, violence and death. “We have done this before,” she said, “and we can do it again.”

The most shocking words in Lynch’s short speech come when she urges Americans to take to the streets, declaring the answer to Trump lies in civil disobedience, violence and death.
“I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people,” Lynch says. “I know it’s a time of concern for people, who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back. I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our Founding Fathers.”
“It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They’ve marched, they’ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again.”
The video was later posted to the Senate Democrats Facebook page as “words of inspiration”, suggesting that Democratic Party HQ is not viewing Lynch’s video as the embarrassing late-night work of a tired and emotional former civil servant, but rather as a rallying call for progressives across the country to march and sacrifice their blood and lives for the cause.
The timing of the call-to-arms has also raised eyebrows. Released late at night after a day of revelations concerning her former boss, Barack Obama, and his alleged “worse than Watergate” wiretapping of Trump Tower during the 2016 election, it seems that nervous, exhausted Loretta Lynch knows the gloves are coming off and the crimes of the Obama administration are going to be exposed one by one.



ARTICLE
John McCain aide, Jefrey Claude Bartleson, has been arrested for raping children following a nationwide investigation into elite pedophile rings. 
Bartleson, who was John McCain’s presidential campaign manager, was arrested for molesting numerous young boys.
According to the head of the Police Department’s special victims unit, Sgt. Brett Wilson, the arrest is part of a large operation involving breaking up child trafficking and pedophile networks in the United States.
Denverpost.com reports:
Because of the active nature of the investigation, Wilson said he couldn’t detail the allegations.
However, in affidavits filed by police investigators in Pueblo District Court, authorities say that the most recent complaints follow a pattern involving Bartleson that dates to 1982.
According to Detective Daniel Anderson, Bartleson has usually positioned himself so he is around children, whether as a Scout master, as a sponsor of the chemical-dependency unit at Pueblo’s Parkview Medical Center, at his church or simply by inviting children to spend the night at his home.
In June 2003, then-Rep. Scott McInnis praised Bartleson in a tribute at the U.S. House of Representatives.
In the tribute, McInnis noted that “in his capacity as a foster parent, Jeff has helped several youth in the region through his work with the Young Life Association and the El Pueblo Boys and Girls Ranch.”
McInnis also noted that Bartleson was instrumental in the foundation and development of the Interfaith Hospitality network, which McInnis described as “one of Pueblo’s newest self-help organizations.”
David Dill, chairman of the Pueblo County Republican Party, said today that although Bartleson headed the McCain campaign office in Pueblo, Bartleson does not hold any position with the Pueblo County Republican Party. He attended a few meetings of the organization, but that was the extent of his involvement, said Dill.
Dill said he believed that Bartleson directed McCain efforts in southern Colorado. State GOP officials said today they had no contact with Bartleson.
The latest arrest stemmed from a report by a woman who worked with Bartleson in the McCain campaign office.
According to the woman, she and a co-worker were planning in October to attend a Sarah Palin rally in Colorado Springs but wanted to travel to the Springs the night before.
She told police that she mentioned the planned trip to Bartleson. He offered to keep her 5-year-old son overnight in Pueblo and then drive up to Colorado Springs the next day and meet them there.
She accepted Bartleson’s offer.
The woman said that her son told her that while at Bartleson’s home, Bartleson insisted on giving him a bath, during which he was sexually molested. Later, said the child, Bartleson forced him into Bartleson’s bed, where he once again was molested.
In interviews this week with investigators, the child said that when he tried to get away from Bartleson, he kept pulling him back into the bed. He was finally able to leave when Bartleson fell asleep.
The child described Bartleson as “a bad man,” according to the police affidavit. Asked why, the child responded, “because he does things to kids.”
Detective Anderson said he asked the child how he knew Bartleson did this to kids, and the boy responded that “Mr. Jeff” did this to five people and he knew that because “Mr. Jeff” told him so.
Another alleged victim, according to a police affidavit, said he met Bartleson through the Interfaith Hospitality Network and was molested by him when he stayed at Bartleson’s home. Unknown to him until much later, he also was videotaped by Bartleson while he showered at Bartleson’s house, the youth told police.
The young man told police that Bartleson “said if I told anybody, he’d hurt me.”
Dustin Taylor, the Pueblo detective who interviewed the second youth, said that his story about Bartleson touching his genital area “matches the modus operandi described by other victims coming out against Bartleson.”
Capt. Dave Lucero of the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office said that Bartleson is being held on a $150,000 bond for investigation of sex assault on a child.



ARTICLE
Speaker Paul Ryan has confirmed that the Obama administration illegally and unconstitutionally wiretapped Donald Trump’s private phone. 
In an interview on Special Report with Brett Baier, Ryan confirmed that Obama ordered for the wiretapping of Trump Tower:
BAIER: Are you concerned, on the flip side, that the Obama administration may have been surveilling members of the Trump campaign in a pretty detailed investigation during the election?
RYAN: Well, I don’t think that’s the case. If you recall, President Obama asked the intelligence community, after the election, to canvass all the intelligence and give a report to Congress on what Russia did do and all their interactions. And in that report, nobody alleged that there a person in America, like a Trump campaign official, involved with the Russians on this. So if they would have found that you would think they would have put that in the report that they gave us in early January.
BAIER: Right, but there’s a report, June 2016, there’s a FISA request by the Obama administration Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several other campaign officials. They get turned down. And then in October they renew it and they do start a wiretap with some computer and Russian banks and it doesn’t show up anything, by reporting. Have you heard that?
RYAN: Well, again, and like I said, none of us in Congress, or anybody I know in Congress, has been presented with evidence to the contrary of what you just said.
BAIER: So you believe it to be true?
RYAN: Yes. We have seen no evidence that anybody in this campaign, or any other Americans, was in on it with the Russians to meddle in our elections. We know they meddled. Russia’s and adversary. And that’s something we have to work to counteract.
BAIER: I got it. But my point is the Obama administration was pretty aggressive and a couple of FISA requests…
RYAN: I hear your point, and what I’m saying is I’ve seen nothing of that. I’ve seen nothing come of that, that is my point.
BAIER: Okay.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNw3Y2rcb_E



ARTICLE
A US Secret Service Agent who worked for the Obama administration has pleaded guilty to raping a young girl, as authorities in the U.S. crackdown on the elite pedophilia problem gripping the country. 
Lee Robert Moore worked in the White House alongside Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and his crimes were only discovered after an undercover sting by the Delaware State Police caught him in the act.
CBS reports:
Using the social media applications “Meet24” and “Kik,” detectives with the Delaware Child Predator Task Force “created a profile on this site, posing as a 14-year-old girl, with whom Moore engaged in a number of online chat sessions” that were sexually explicit in nature, the Dept. of Justice said in a media statement.
According to admissions made in connection with his plea, Moore also chatted with underage girls via social media, sent them explicit images of himself, and enticed them to send sexually explicit photos back.
Victims included a minor in Florida, a 14-year-old girl in Texas and a 17-year-old girl in Missouri.
Moore, a Maryland resident, pleaded guilty Wednesday to one count of enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and one count of attempting to transfer obscene materials to a minor, announced U.S. Attorney Wifredo A.
Ferrer of the Southern District of Florida and Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division.
He has since been terminated from his Secret Service position.
This case was brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse, launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice.



ARTICLE
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) agents are now authorized to effectively play with passengers genitals as part of new pat-down procedures. 
US airport security procedures are being overhauled to allow TSA agents to pat-down everybody passing through security – and the new pat-down instructions issued to agents include more intimate “comprehensive” techniques.
Sputniknews.com reports:
“I would say people who in the past would have gotten a pat-down that wasn’t involved will notice that the [new] pat-down is more involved,” TSA spokesman Bruce Anderson said March 3, Bloomberg reports.
It will involve more “intimate contact,” TSA has acknowledged, though National Spokesman for TSA Michael England told Gizmodo, “The new protocol does not mandate the touching of passengers genitals.” However, at least one passenger, writer Joel Stratte-McClure, called his experience with the new procedures at California’s small Redding Airport, “increased scrutiny of the groin area.”
“The TSA consolidated previous pat-down procedures into one standardize procedure at airport security checkpoints and at other locations within the airport. This standardized procedure continues to utilize enhanced security measures implemented several months ago, and does not involve any different areas of the body than were screened in the previous standard pat-down procedure,” England told Gizmodo in a statement about the change.
The previous pat-down selection, in which individual agents could exercise choice based on risk-assessment, will be phased out over the next couple of weeks, starting with smaller airports. Officers of the same sex as a targeted traveler will still conduct the pat-downs, and while the agency insists the new screening procedure won’t make security lines longer, “for the person who gets the pat down, it will slow them down,” Anderson said.
Denver International Airport notified its staff and flight crews on March 2 that the “more rigorous” searches may indeed involve more contact than before, Bloomberg writes.
To be fair, more and more people seem to be trying to bring firearms onto planes. The agency seized 28% more weapons from passengers in 2016 than they did in 2015, and on February 23 they broke a new record, finding 21 firearms in a single day.
Bloomberg notes that the security change is partly a reaction to a 2015 Department of Homeland Security report that found the agency had failed to find weapons or explosives in 95% of trials.  As a result of that report, TSA will also be ending a policy of letting some travelers use special expedited security lanes during busy hours.
According to TSA, the agency screens some 2 million passengers in 440 US airports every day. It is anticipating record travel this month, and expects to screen 62 million passengers in March alone.



ARTICLE
Former U.S. President Barack Obama has been given the JFK ‘Medal of Courage’ after his 8-year droning campaign which killed thousands of civilians at home and abroad. 
The John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award is the most prestigious award a public servant can receive, and is given to “public servants who have made courageous decisions of conscience without regard for the personal or professional consequences.”
Wakingtimes.com reports:
Obama will receive this award for his efforts in promoting democratic principles in the face of severe political opposition by members of Congress and a divided national political body.
“Faced with unrelenting political opposition, President Obama has embodied the definition of courage that my grandfather cites in the opening lines of ‘Profiles in Courage’: grace under pressure,” Schlossberg said. “Throughout his two terms in office, he represented all Americans with decency, integrity, and an unshakeable commitment to the greater good.”
Obama is being recognized for “his enduring commitment to democratic ideals and elevating the standard of political courage in a new century,” the foundation said, citing the expansion of health care options for millions, restoring diplomatic relations with Cuba and leadership on an international climate change agreement.” [Source]
Of course, Mr. Obama is humbled, as he should be, however, an award like this gives pause for those who wonder why so much of Obama’s legacy of war, military adventurism, surveillance, and indiscriminate drone bombings of Middle Eastern and African people is so under-represented in conversation about the merits of his eight year tenure as president.

Obama – 2009 Nobel Peace Prize Winner
In 2009, then President Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his actions in the first year of his presidency including the “promotion of nuclear nonproliferation and a “new climate” in international relations fostered by Obama, especially in reaching out to the Muslim world.”
When the Nobel Prize was announced, many on both sides of the political rightfully thought it was a joke at first, and as Obama’s presidency ground on, it became absolutely clear that while although Obama was indeed a charismatic, charming, and visually appealing president, he in no way was concerned with halting U.S. imperialism or even slowing down the infamous drone bombings which have killed thousands of innocent people, including women and children.
The Nobel Peace Prize, and now the JFK Profile in Courage Award, are indeed jokes because Obama has never been a true supporter of democracy, liberty, or even peace. Not only did he fail to honor his promise to close Guantanamo bay prison, but he also ended up being the first president in U.S. history to be at war for the entire duration of his presidency, averaging a whopping 72 bombs a day dropped on foreign countries, most of which were majority Muslim nations.
“Every Tuesday — reported the New York Times — he personally selected those who would be murdered by mostly hellfire missiles fired from drones. Weddings, funerals, shepherds were attacked, along with those attempting to collect the body parts festooning the “terrorist target”. A leading Republican senator, Lindsey Graham, estimated, approvingly, that Obama’s drones killed 4,700 people. “Sometimes you hit innocent people and I hate that,” he said, but we’ve taken out some very senior members of Al Qaeda.”” ~John Pilger
Furthermore, Obama’s accomplishments as president include the destruction of Libya, the financing of political coups in other nations, launching U.S. military intervention in Africa, massive advances in domestic and international surveillance, unprecedented persecution of whistleblowers, and the material support of Islamic terrorist organizations like Al Qaeda and ISIS.
An Anti-Democratic Legacy of Imperialism 
While on the surface, awards like these are fantastic for public relations, we live in the era of half-truths, hypocrisy and ignored realities. A time when organizations which have historically promoted democracy, justice, peace and liberty openly engage in superficiality and sycophancy, choosing to remain blind in the presence of betrayal by our leaders.
It is a sign of the times, though. People no longer seem to care for substance or truth, only style and bias confirmation. War mongers don’t deserve peace prizes, and presidents who leave behind a legacy of imperialism and warfare do not deserve to be honored for their so-called courage in the service of democracy.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has been nominated for the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize, according to the Nobel Institute, after being recognized for his “peace through strength ideology.”
The Nobel Committee, which does not reveal the details of its decision-making process, offers thousands of prominent lawmakers, former laureates and academics the opportunity to vote and nominate candidates for the prestigious prize.
President Trump, who campaigned on a platform of peace and prosperity, has been nominated for his “vigorous peace through strength ideology, used as a threat weapon of deterrence against radical Islam, ISIS, nuclear Iran and Communist China.“
It is understood that a strong America will deter rivals and terror organizations from launching destabilizing challenges to the predominant order.
Besides President Trump, other notable figures nominated for the 2017 prize include Pope Francis, Edward Snowden, and Syria’s White Helmets.
Although the names are usually kept secret for 50 years, lawmakers, former laureates and some university professors who are entitled to nominate, are free to reveal the name of the person or group they have nominated.
Previous winners include Henry Kissinger, Martin Luther King Jr., the Red Cross and, in 2009, Barack Obama – who famously went on to become the first Nobel Peace Prize winner to bomb seven countries.
Last year the prize went to Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos for his efforts to bring peace to his country ravaged by a half-century of conflict.
The Nobel committee, whose chairwoman Kaci Kullmann Five died of breast cancer in February, is expected to announce the 2017 laureate on October 6, though that date has yet to be confirmed.



ARTICLE
Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he won’t be returning to host Celebrity Apprentice, while attempting to blame President Trump for the NBC reality show’s poor ratings this season.
In an interview with Empire magazine, the washed-up Terminator star blamed Trump for the show’s flop, even though Trump had absolutely nothing to do with it. An angry Schwarzenegger said it wasn’t his spiritless performance that made Celebrity Apprentice such a bore to watch, but rather it was Trump’s dominating “presence” that caused him to quit.
Schwarzenegger, complaining that Trump “continuously mocked the show’s ratings” throughout  the disastrous season, said “Even if asked [to do it again] I would decline.”
“I learned a lot, I had a great time, it was a really great opportunity. But under the circumstances I don’t want to do it again.”
“I won’t be back.”
The eighth installment of Celebrity Apprentice aired from January 2 to Feb. 13, and ratings hit rock bottom as Schwarzenegger failed to convince in the role of boardroom titan.
However Schwarzenegger is refusing to face up to the fact it was his performance as host that drove away millions of viewers. By blaming Trump for the show’s poor season, Schwarzenegger reveals himself as a sore loser. Trump is the reason the show was successful in the first place.
“With Trump being involved in the show, people have a bad taste and don’t want to participate as a spectator or sponsor or in any other way support the show,” Schwarzenegger said. “It’s a very divisive period right now and I think the show got caught up in all that division.”
“It’s not about the show,” he explained. “Because everyone I ran into came up to me and said ‘I love the show… but I turned it off because as soon as I read Trump’s name I’m outta there!‘”
“NBC did everything they could to promote the show and [producer] Mark Burnett did a fantastic job. No one really knew that this was going to happen and I think that everyone was caught off guard.“



ARTICLE
The U.S. military has been placed on “red alert” following an attack on a US destroyer by a Russian fighter jet in the Black Sea in February.
Newly released footage shows two Russian Su-24 jets shooting at the destroyer USS Porter on Feb. 10. The aircraft comes within 200 yards of the deck at an altitude of 300 feet as it shoots overhead.
“Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation,” Navy Capt. Danny Hernandez, a spokesman for U.S. European Command, said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYg-7o6bna0
UK Mirror reports:
It is unclear why the jet engaged in such an aggressive manoeuvre, but Russia has recently been reasserting its strategic control over the Black Sea region.
Russia has a huge naval battle fleet stationed in Sevastopol. The Kremlin is spending a fortune beefing up the nation’s armed forces.
Putin’s forces are carrying out a gruelling Cold War exercise in freezing Arctic conditions as Russia moves to bolster its military presence in the region.
A 2,000 kilometre convoy of snow trucks and impenetrable tanks was seen thundering over the frozen Laptev Sea as it travelled to a new state-of-the-art military base.
Units will test out new equipment and specialised uniforms that can stand -30C conditions after travelling from the bleak Arctic port of Tiksi to the island of Kotelny.
Deputy Defence Minister Gen. Dmitry Bulgakov said the aim was to “research and test new and promising models of weapons and military and special equipment in the Arctic”.



ARTICLE
Congress is being urged to criminally investigate Barack Obama for attempting a silent coup against the Trump administration. 
According to Radio host Mark Levin, a mountain of evidence proves that the former President tried to undermine Trump’s presidential campaign in the final months of the US election last year, which then developed into “police state” tactics in order to sabotage Trump’s transition to the White House when he won.
Breitbart.com reports:
Drawing on sources including the New York Times and the Washington Post, Levin described the case against Obama so far, based on what is already publicly known. The following is an expanded version of that case, including events that Levin did not mention specifically but are important to the overall timeline.
1. June 2016: FISA request. The Obama administration files a request with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several advisers. The request, uncharacteristically, is denied.
2. July: Russia joke. Wikileaks releases emails from the Democratic National Committee that show an effort to prevent Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) from winning the presidential nomination. In a press conference, Donald Trump refers to Hillary Clinton’s own missing emails, joking: “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 e-mails that are missing.” That remark becomes the basis for accusations by Clinton and the media that Trump invited further hacking.
3. October: Podesta emails. In October, Wikileaks releases the emails of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, rolling out batches every day until the election, creating new mini-scandals. The Clinton campaign blames Trump and the Russians.
4. October: FISA request. The Obama administration submits a new, narrow request to the FISA court, now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks. No evidence is found — but the wiretaps continue, ostensibly for national security reasons, Andrew McCarthy at National Review later notes. The Obama administration is now monitoring an opposing presidential campaign using the high-tech surveillance powers of the federal intelligence services.
5. January 2017: Buzzfeed/CNN dossier. Buzzfeed releases, and CNN reports, a supposed intelligence “dossier” compiled by a foreign former spy. It purports to show continuous contact between Russia and the Trump campaign, and says that the Russians have compromising information about Trump. None of the allegations can be verified and some are proven false. Several media outlets claim that they had been aware of the dossier for months and that it had been circulating in Washington.
6. January: Obama expands NSA sharing. As Michael Walsh later notes, and as the New York Times reports, the outgoing Obama administration “expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government’s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections.” The new powers, and reduced protections, could make it easier for intelligence on private citizens to be circulated improperly or leaked.
7. January: Times report. The New York Times reports, on the eve of Inauguration Day, that several agencies — the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Treasury Department are monitoring several associates of the Trump campaign suspected of Russian ties. Other news outlets also report the exisentence of “a multiagency working group to coordinate investigations across the government,” though it is unclear how they found out, since the investigations would have been secret and involved classified information.
8. February: Mike Flynn scandal. Reports emerge that the FBI intercepted a conversation in 2016 between future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — then a private citizen — and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The intercept supposedly was  part of routine spying on the ambassador, not monitoring of the Trump campaign. The FBI transcripts reportedly show the two discussing Obama’s newly-imposed sanctions on Russia, though Flynn earlier denied discussing them. Sally Yates, whom Trump would later fire as acting Attorney General for insubordination, is involved in the investigation. In the end, Flynn resigns over having misled Vice President Mike Pence (perhaps inadvertently) about the content of the conversation.
9. February: Times claims extensive Russian contacts. The New York Times cites “four current and former American officials” in reporting that the Trump campaign had “repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials. The Trump campaign denies the claims — and the Times admits that there is “no evidence” of coordination between the campaign and the Russians. The White House and some congressional Republicans begin to raise questions about illegal intelligence leaks.
10. March: the Washington Post targets Jeff Sessions. The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact twice with the Russian ambassador during the campaign — once at a Heritage Foundation event and once at a meeting in Sessions’s Senate office. The Post suggests that the two meetings contradict Sessions’s testimony at his confirmation hearings that he had no contacts with the Russians, though in context (not presented by the Post) it was clear he meant in his capacity as a campaign surrogate, and that he was responding to claims in the “dossier” of ongoing contacts. The New York Times, in covering the story, adds that the Obama White House “rushed to preserve” intelligence related to alleged Russian links with the Trump campaign. By “preserve” it really means “disseminate”: officials spread evidence throughout other government agencies “to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators” and perhaps the media as well.
In summary: the Obama administration sought, and eventually obtained, authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the NSA rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government, virtually ensuring that the information, including the conversations of private citizens, would be leaked to the media.
Levin called the effort a “silent coup” by the Obama administration and demanded that it be investigated.
In addition, Levin castigated Republicans in Congress for focusing their attention on Trump and Attorney General Sessions rather than Obama.



ARTICLE
The Obama administration is under investigation after it was revealed Thursday that billions of dollars of tax payer money was funneled into a shadowy Department of Justice slush fund and then distributed to a number of left wing activist groups.
Ed Henry, speaking on Fox News, said “Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee are now digging in as we learn this morning that President Obama’s Justice Department handed out billions of dollars in your tax payer money to liberal outsider groups, leaving Republicans fuming.”
“The question really may be is this just a new form of the so called ‘walking around money’ we used to hear about. Money being dispersed for political reasons in inner cities to try and turn out the vote.”
Mike Huckabee, the former Governor of Arkansas, said the revelations leave Obama in very hot water. If the House Judiciary Committee takes this inquiry all the way, criminal charges will be filed.
“Somebody ought to go to prison for this,” Huckabee said.  “This is worse than a mafia shakedown. At least if the mafia shakes you down for protection, your store doesn’t burn down. But this is a case where the liberals have played Robin Hood. They have stolen from the government, the tax payers, and they’ve given it to their pals.“
Obama almost doubled the national debt
On January 20, 2009, when Obama was sworn in, the national debt was $10.626 trillion. On January 20, 2017, it was $19.947 trillion. Obama added $9 trillion to the debt, more than any other president.
Obama’s apologists claim the national debt is largely out of a President’s hands. They are currently having trouble explaining why the national debt fell for the first time in decades one month after he left office and President Trump took the reigns.
[US Debt Slashed By $12 Billion In President Trump’s First Month]
So who were these pals of Obama’s that got their hands on the stolen billions?
Some of the left wing activist organizations that benefitted from Obama’s secret DOJ slush fund include:
National Urban League
National Community Reinvestment Coalition
National Council of La Raza – a Latino advocacy organization that advocates in favor of progressive policy changes including immigration reform, a path to citizenship for immigrants living in the country illegally, and reduced deportations.




ARTICLE
Former US President Barack Obama officially did more damage to his own party than any other political leader since World War II. 
Official statistics show that despite Obama enjoying eight years of adoration from the sycophantic liberal media, behind the scenes he recklessly obliterated the party’s power through his own inability to govern.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
Over 8 years of Obama’s Presidency the Democratic Party lost more combined seats in the US Senate, US House, Governorships, State Legislative Seats and State Chambers than any President since FDR.

From January 2009 through the aftermath of Election Day — thanks to Obama and his ideas:
As a result Obama will go down in history as the most destructive President ever for his party.



ARTICLE
A former CIA agent has warned that the deep state is working overtime to oust Attorney General Jeff Sessions from the White House because he is refusing to back down in his campaign to break up the sex trafficking and pedophile networks that control Washington D.C.
According to Robert David Steele, Jeff Sessions is being set up as another “Russian fall guy“, just like General Flynn, to taint the Trump administration and push the president closer to impeachment.
But most importantly, Steele warns, the deep state is determined to remove the most determined anti-pedophile and -corruption enforcer the office of Attorney General has seen in decades.
The former CIA agent says that the Democrats push to remove Sessions from office, led by House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi, has “every chance of succeeding” because AG Sessions has made it clear he “will not back down” under any circumstances.
Federal authorities have locked up more than 1,500 people on child trafficking and pedophilia charges since President Trump and AG Sessions assumed office, however the huge increase in numbers on recent years is being completely ignored by mainstream media.
According to the FBI there were less than 400 sex trafficking-related arrests made in the entirety of 2014, proving that Trump are Sessions are serious about using “the “full force and weight” of the U.S. government to break up child sex trafficking rings and lock up sexual predators.
In a hard-hitting video released late Feburary, Robert David Steele claimed that President Trump is our best chance to take down the deep state since President Kennedy.
He also claimed that:
* “White hat” intelligence community was able to stop Hillary from rigging the vote electronically like she did to Bernie
* Former CIA head John Brennan committed treason by telling lies intended to overturn the Electoral College
* John Brennan, highest paid agent of Saudi Arabia, should be under FBI investigation
* Reince Priebus is an enabler and cover-upper of pedophilia — Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is the tip of the iceberg
* WikiLeaks is going to take down Priebus?
* Pedophilia is an “elite privilege” — For the Democrats it’s an “acquired taste” — Podesta is a “pedo-light”
* The Republicans and the elite in banking are the ones who have made pedophilia a “big league thing”
* There are Saudi Arabian and Washington DC restaurants with basements where you can order children off of the menu
* DC pedophilia is the Achilles heel, and Trump has figured that out
* Flynn didn’t get fired because he called the Russians
* Flynn got fired because he “had the arrogance to think” (sarcasm) that he could tell Mattis and Tillerson what to do
* Flynn pissed off VP Pence
* Flynn’s call that got him in trouble included a conversation about a list of high-level pedophiles inside the US, one of whom happens to be VP Mike Pence’s best friend
* Flynn did not tell Pence about the list, or that his “best friend” was on it. Pence found out about this from the deep state (probably NSA taps)
* The NSA has been spying on all of our politicians with impunity!
* The CIA is leaking HIGHLY classified information as part of a political coup against Trump




ARTICLE
First Lady Melania Trump has credited the healing and nurturing properties of nature for her good health, and urged Americans to stop leaning so heavily on Big Pharma to provide “magic potions” to cure their ills. 
Taking a tour of a children’s hospital in Washington D.C., Melania Trump said she wanted to remind the American people about the “gift of nature” and how nature and the outdoors, so bountiful in our great country, can “contribute to the healing process.”
The First Lady said, “I am a passionate believer in integrating and interpreting nature’s elements into our daily lives to create a warm, nurturing and positive environment. I believe that these same natural benefits can be instrumental to enhancing the health and well-being of all children.”
Mrs Trump’s views on healthcare echo those of her husband, as President Trump continues to warn Americans about the evils and excesses of Big Pharma.
During an interview with Opie and Anthony on Sirius XM, President Trump warned that the flu shot is the greatest scam in medical history, created by Big Pharma to make money off vulnerable people, and make them sick.
A cured patient is a lost customer
Slamming the flu shot as “totally ineffective”, the President declared that he has never had one.
“I’ve never had one. And thus far I’ve never had the flu. I don’t like the idea of injecting bad stuff into your body. And that’s basically what they do. And this one (latest flu vaccine) has not been very effective to start off with.
“I have friends that religiously get the flu shot and then they get the flu. You know, that helps my thinking. I’ve seen a lot of reports that the last flu shot is virtually totally ineffective.“

Trump is right – flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history. They are full of “bad stuff” including formaldehyde and mercury – two powerful neurotoxins – and the vaccine industry even admits that laboratory tests prove the popular jab does not work.
The big question is why a toxic, medical hoax, backed by nothing but voodoo faith-based dogma and clever marketing, is allowed to be pushed on the whole population every year.
With President Trump and the First Lady in the White House, prepare to see a shake up of the corrupt side of Big Pharma.



ARTICLE
David Brock, founder Media Matters and one of Hillary’s biggest donors, laundered taxpayers money and funnelled it into the Clinton Campaign, according to an investigation.
Brock has been found guilty of taking part in a scheme that laundered taxpayer money to fund the presidential campaigns of both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
Disobedientmedia.com reports:
The effort has revealed that organizations tied to high ranking members of Shareblue and its holding company conspired with John Kerry’s Department of State to use taxpayer funds in an effort to unseat Benjamin Netanyahu as the Prime Minister of Israel.
The funds appear to potentially have then been laundered and returned via a campaign consulting group tied to former President Barack Obama, ultimately being used to fund the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton.
I. Funds Passed From The Department Of State Were Used By OneVoice In An Attempt To Unseat Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Peter Daou is the CEO of Shareblue’s holding company, True Blue Media LLC. Mr. Daou played an integral role in the site’s transformation from True Blue Media to Shareblue. Mr. Daou was also a former advisor to Hillary Clinton, John Kerry and former Senator Arlen Specter. His website reveals that he has also advised the Clinton Foundation, the now shuttered Clinton Global Initiative, the U.S. Department of Energy, the United Nations Foundation, Microsoft, Intel, AARP, Inc., Action Against Hunger, PR Newswire and Bloomberg Philanthropies, two news organizations which both have close ties to the City of London-based UBM plc.
Mr. Daou has played an advisory role for OneVoice International, an “international grassroots movement that amplifies the voice of mainstream Israelis and Palestinians, empowering them to propel their elected representatives toward the two-state solution.” OneVoice’s partners include an impressive list of global special interests including the Association of British Muslims, the UK Conservative Party, Google, Crown Family Philanthropies, the European Commission (part of the European Union), High Atlas Foundation, the UK Labour Party, the Rayne Foundation and the Rockefeller Brothers Fund. Peter Daou’s involvement with OneVoice creates a very apparent conflict of interest given the massive number of foreign interests who are affiliated with the organization. Gary Gladstein, the former Chief Operating Officer of Soros Fund Management, is listed as an Honorary Board Member of OneVoice.
In 2014, OneVoice was awarded nearly $350,000 by the Department of State just weeks after most political observers said it was only a matter of time before the Netanyahu coalition would collapse and new elections would be held. The cash was used by OneVoicePalestine (OVP) in their “The Land is Ours” on September 25, 2014 in a campaign to promote the stated American policy of a “two-state solution” and the un-stated policy of deciding the borders for a Palestinian Authority country. The money ultimately ended up in the hands of Victory 15, a “grassroots style” campaign whose main objective was to unseat Benjamin Netanyahu as Prime Minister of Israel in the 2015 legislative elections.
While OneVoice maintained that they did not directly use or grant the funds to influence the 2015 elections, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found that this was exactly what transpired. OneVoice in fact, “deployed the campaign infrastructure and resources created using grant funds to support an anti-Netanyahu political campaign.” The subcommittee ultimately found no legal wrongdoing by State because there was restriction on how the peace process infrastructure could be used after the grant expired in 2014. OneVoice had previously engaged in political activism during Israel’s 2013 elections, leading the State Department to be criticized for “lax oversight” which caused officials to miss clear warning signs and allowed the use of taxpayer funds to intervene in the internal affairs of a strategic American ally.
Most damningly, the subcommittee’s report revealed that the Obama administration deleted emails related to the grants given to OneVoice in an apparent attempt to cover up the scandal. The American Center for Law and Justice has since filed an injunction against the Department of State in an attempt to compel the production of documents which they allege have been withheld by the United States government.
II. Money Given To OneVoice And The Victory 15 Campaign Was Returned To Pro-Clinton PAC In An Apparent Laundering Scheme
Additional investigation has revealed that Victory 15 may not have been the final intended destination for the State Department’s grant. On February 11th, 2015, The Times of Israel reported that in the course of their campaign to unseat Netanyahu as Prime Minister, Victory 15 retained 270 Strategies, an organization lead by Jeremy Bird, who worked on President Barack Obama’s two victorious presidential campaigns. Since 2013, 270 Strategies has worked with pro-Clinton PAC Ready for Hillary, which raised millions in active solicitations as part of what 270 Strategies described as an attempt to “tap into the organic grassroots energy around a potential Hillary Clinton presidential run in 2016.”
The retention of 270 Strategies to interfere in the political affairs of a foreign ally at the same represents at best, an incredibly inappropriate conflict of interest given that their already existing involvement with Hillary Clinton’s campaign and close ties to Barack Obama. At worst, it raises the possibility that taxpayer funds given by the Department of State to OneVoice found their way back to a PAC affiliated with Clinton’s presidential campaign through a laundering scheme disguised as a contract between Victory 15 and 270 Strategies.



ARTICLE
Dozens of students were temporarily suspended at a school in Minnesota on Wednesday after they questioned the safety of vaccines. 
The Rochester School district removed 71 students from class after they failed to show that they had received their vaccinations, as part of a plan to enforce a controversial state law that requires all school children to be immunized.
CBS reports:
Students had to submit the proper paperwork to the school district in order to prove they are exempt by Wednesday.
The Rochester School district said the decision to prohibit students from attending class that did not have official documentation that they received their vaccines is simply enforcing a state law.
Some of the vaccines required by the state of Minnesota Include measles, mumps, chicken pox and tetanus.
The deadline falls on the same week two Minnesota Wild Hockey players fell sick with the mumps, one of the vaccinations the state requires.
Dr. Gigi Chawla of Children’s Minnesota believes this highlights just how important immunizations are to people’s health.
“I think that’s an important highlight for why it is just so relevant to be talking about this… [vaccines] protect kids and they save kid’s lives,” she said.
Rochester Public Schools claims principals and office staff are continuing to work with families for the proper documentation and will continue to do so throughout the day.
The impacted students are reportedly spread fairly evenly throughout the district.
Students removed from class will be immediately eligible to re-enroll when they submit the proper documents.



ARTICLE
The Kremlin has condemned the ‘witch-hunt’ attack directed at Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who is being accused by the elitist establishment of having inappropriate contact with Russia. 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Russia was not aware of any contact between Sessions and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak, and rubbished reports that Sessions had some kind of secret pact with the Russians to influence the election.
Peskov said “unfounded” speculation about Kislyak’s role should be thrown into the garbage heap, and urged reporters to be “guided only by official statements.”
“We can repeat yet again that Russia has not, is not going to and will not meddle in domestic affairs, let alone election campaigns, of other nations,” he said.
Businessinsider.com reports:
Peskov was speaking after the Washington Post reported that Sessions had failed to disclose two meetings with Kislyak.
“I don’t know the details of any meetings,” said Peskov. “(But) the ambassador’s job is to hold as many meetings as possible.”
Peskov said talk of possible Russian involvement in the U.S. presidential campaign, something Moscow categorically denies, was an internal matter for the United States.
But he said it served to create an atmosphere in which the idea of repairing U.S.-Russia ties was harder to sell.



ARTICLE
An official who worked with the Obama administration has confirmed that the former President sought to deliberately sabotage Donald Trump’s transition to the White House.
According to a report published by The Times, Obama instructed White House officials to work on a campaign that involved spreading malicious lies, supplemented with classified but unsubstantiated intelligence, to try and imply that the Trump administration had ties with Russia.
Dailycaller.com reports:
The campaign also involved curtailing the Trump team’s access to highly classified information and of lowering classification ratings on other information about the ongoing Russia investigation so that it could be more widely shared across the government.
According to The Times’ sources, the Obama officials waged the campaign out of fear that the Trump administration would cover up or destroy some of the information.
The campaign was multifaceted but was not directed by Obama himself, the Times sources claimed.
The wide-ranging report also includes some information that is not positive for Trump, including that federal investigators were given intelligence from foreign services that some Trump associates met with Russians in the Netherlands and Britain.
That detail adds new information to a report from The Times last month that U.S. investigators had evidence that some Trump campaign advisers communicated with Russian government officials before the election.
That report noted that U.S. officials do not yet have evidence of any coordination between Trump advisers and the Russian government to influence the election. The White House strongly denied the claims made in that report, and asserted the FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe told Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus, that the story was “bullshit.”
The Obama administration’s intelligence-sharing effort involved the White House, intelligence agencies and State Department, The Times reports.
According to the newspaper, some Obama White House officials asked specific questions in intelligence briefings because they knew the questions and answers would be documented and saved for future review.
Intelligence agencies ramped up efforts to convert raw intelligence gathered on Trump advisers into information that could be used by analysts. The intelligence was also classified at relatively low levels “to ensure as wide a readership as possible across the government,” according to The Times.
The State Department, then led by John Kerry, also took part in the intelligence-sharing campaign. The agency sent a batch of documents classified as “Secret” to Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, just before the election.
The Obama officials also moved to cap the number of incoming Trump officials who could view extremely sensitive information, “including the names of sources and the identities of foreigners who were regularly monitored.”
The scheme would seem to lend support to Trump’s claims that the Obama White House sought to undermine his presidency by leaking classified information.
“I think that President Obama is behind it because his people are certainly behind it. And some of the leaks possibly come from that group, which are really serious because they are very bad in terms of national security. But I also understand that is politics. In terms of him being behind things, that’s politics. And it will probably continue,” Trump told Fox & Friends in an interview this week.
Trump has alleged that Obama appointees still working in the government have leaked information about some of his phone calls with foreign leaders and about Michael Flynn, the former Trump national security adviser who resigned last month because of phone calls he had with Russia’s ambassador in December.
The Times report provides new details about the information being reviewed as part of the expansive investigation into Russia’s attempts to influence the election.
The newspaper’s sources said that in late summer, American intelligence officials began picking up discussions in which Russian officials mentioned contacts with Trump associates. European intelligence services also began providing information “about people close to Mr. Trump meeting with Russians in the Netherlands, Britain and other countries.”
The Times notes that the nature of the meetings was not clear to the intelligence officials. The intercepted communications also provided little useful information.
Notably, The Times did not report the names of the Trump advisers and Russians who were allegedly involved in the discussions. It is unclear whether the Times’ sources provided the names, and if so, why they withheld the information.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer dismissed the claims in a statement to The Times.
“The only new piece of information that has come to light is that political appointees in the Obama administration have sought to create a false narrative to make an excuse for their own defeat in the election. There continues to be no there, there,” he told the newspaper.



ARTICLE
Rosie O’Donnell claims George Soros is “a lovely man” and shared her dream of “sharing a souvlaki” with the notorious globalist billionaire. 
Speaking to Trump supporter Jack Posobiec last night after her fiery anti-Trump speech outside Capitol Hill, Rosie O’Donnell claimed she is not on the Soros payroll, but admitted she dreams about meeting the former Nazi collaborator, convicted financial felon, and “lovely man.”

Earlier, during her speech to anti-Trump protestors, Rosie O’Donnell tried to slam Trump by reciting the Declaration of Independence: “Whenever any form of government becomes destructive to these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government.” She added, “That is why we are here…. “This is not Russia. To Donald Trump and his pathetic band of white, privileged criminal businessmen, I would like to say to him, ‘Nyet! Sir, nyet! nyet! nyet! nyet!‘”
“Nyet” means “no” in Russian.
However criticizing President Trump and his supposed “white, privileged criminal businessmen” while hero worshipping George Soros, the world’s leading criminal businessman, undermines any credibility Rosie O’Donnell may have had left.
After threatening to leave the country if Trump was elected (and failing to follow through on her threat/promise) and backing the hare-brained Hollywood celebrity boycott, designed to force Trump to resign (an epic failure if ever there was one), and now declaring George Soros “a lovely man“, Rosie O’Donnell serves as a prime example of how brainwashed and deluded liberals are in 2017.
Let’s take a closer look at Rosie O’Donnell’s “lovely man”.
Convicted felon George Soros uses his unethically earned money to influence elections in Europe, buy out politicians all over the world, underwrite extremist groups, target U.S. citizens who disagree with him, dictate foreign policy, and try to sway Supreme Court rulings.
Soros claims he is a god and “the creator of everything,” however the billionaire globalist also warns he is a “self-centred” god who believes “normal rules do not apply” to him.
“I fancied myself as some kind of god …” he wrote. “If truth be known, I carried some rather potent messianic fantasies with me from childhood, which I felt I had to control, otherwise they might get me in trouble.“
When asked by Britain’s Independent newspaper to elaborate on that statement, Soros doubled down: “It is a sort of disease when you consider yourself some kind of god, the creator of everything, but I feel comfortable about it now since I began to live it out.“
Since I began to live it out. Those unfamiliar with Soros would probably dismiss that claim as nothing more the typical blathering of an irrelevant madman. But those who have followed his career and sociopolitical endeavors realize that while he may be mad, he is a mad billionaire, and billionaires tend not to be irrelevant.
Especially not mad billionaires with self-centred agendas who believe that normal rules don’t apply to themselves.
Rosie O’Donnell endorses the shadow government
Soros has learnt that with enormous reserves of unethically earnt money at his disposal he has the power to make the once unthinkable acceptable. His work as a self-professed “amoral” financial speculator has left millions in poverty when their national currencies were devaluated, and he channelled so much cash into moulding former Soviet republics to his liking that he has bragged that the former Soviet empire is now the “Soros Empire.”
Ominously, he has now turned his amoral eye on the internal affairs of the United States. A high-profile megabucks donor to the Clinton campaign, it was recently exposed by WikiLeaks that Soros issued directives on foreign policy to Clinton when she was Secretary of State – instructions that she followed to the letter.



ARTICLE
Former Democratic Party donor Jennifer Garner has delivered a ringing endorsement of President Trump, promising to help him deliver on campaign promises he made to working class Americans.
“I’m looking forward to helping him make good on what they saw as promises, a mandate from him, that he was going to make their lives better,” Garner told the Washington Post.
Proving she is not as out-of-touch as her Hollywood peers, the West Virginia born actress said, “If he’s willing to help the poor kids who got him elected, then let’s do it. They certainly think he’s going to.”
“People felt like Trump really understood them, that he was going to come in and create jobs for them,” Garner said. “They felt like they needed something to just turn everything upside down.”
Noting that her native West Virginia overwhelmingly voted for Trump, Garner said she felt inspired to lobby for policies that would bring jobs back to those economically devastated communities – and she believes President Trump will deliver on his campaign promises.
While many A-listers in Hollywood “want to turn their back to this administration,” and deliver sanctimonious speeches from high altars at awards ceremonies, Garner said she sees things differently.
“Send me a ticket to Mar-a-Lago. I’m ready to go down and have a steak and a good chat,” she joked. “I really think it’s great, if he’s willing to help the poor kids who got him elected.”
Jennifer Garner’s constructive and open-minded attitude is striking, particularly considering her Democratic Party affiliations. During the election campaign she hosted a high-profile fundraiser for Hillary Clinton, and in 2012 she donated $12,500 to Barack Obama’s Victory Fund.
But the 44-year-old actress’s loyalty is to the United States and everyday Americans. She spent the weekend meeting with top Capitol Hill staff members, and booked a sit-down meeting with Ivanka Trump to discuss child care.
As one of the few liberals who can see through the mainstream media’s hatchet jobs on President Trump, Jennifer Garner is excited to work with her new President to help him fulfill his campaign promises to help those suffering in areas devastated by years of poor economic policy.



ARTICLE
The NSA, in collaboration with the CIA and FBI, routinely and secretly intercept shipping deliveries for laptops and PCs purchased online in order to install spy malware and bugs before they reach their owners.
According to a new report from Der Spiegel based on internal NSA documents, the intelligence agency’s elite hacking unit (TAO) is able to divert online shipping deliveries to its own “secret workshops” in a method they call interdiction.
Agents then install malware and spy bugs onto the laptops and PCs, giving US intelligence agencies remote access to the electronic devices, before re-sending the shipping delivery to its owner.
The Verge reports: One of the products the NSA appears to use to compromise target electronics is codenamed COTTONMOUTH, and has been available since 2009; it’s a USB “hardware implant” that secretly provides the NSA with remote access to the compromised machine.
This tool, among others, is available to NSA agents through what Der Spiegel describes as a mail-order spy catalog. The report indicates that the catalog offers backdoors into the hardware and software of the most prominent technology makers, including Cisco, Juniper Networks, Dell, Seagate, Western Digital, Maxtor, Samsung, and Huawei.
Many of the targets are American companies. The report indicates that the NSA can even exploit error reports from Microsoft’s Windows operating system; by intercepting the error reports and determining what’s wrong with a target’s computer, the NSA can then attack it with Trojans or other malware.
In response to Der Spiegel’s report, Cisco senior vice president John Stewart wrote that “we are deeply concerned with anything that may impact the integrity of our products or our customers’ networks,” and that the company does “not work with any government to weaken our products for exploitation.“
Other US companies have fired back against reports of NSA tampering in recent months, including Microsoft, which labeled the agency an “advanced persistent threat“ over its efforts to secretly collect private user data within the internal networks of Google and Yahoo.
The Der Spiegel report, which gives a broad look at TAO operations, also highlights the NSA’s cooperation with other intelligence agencies to conduct Hollywood-style raids. Unlike most of the NSA’s operations which allow for remote access to targets, Der Spiegel notes that the TAO’s programs often require physical access to targets.
To gain physical access, the NSA reportedly works with the CIA and FBI on sensitive missions that sometimes include flying NSA agents on FBI jets to plant wiretaps. “This gets them to their destination at the right time and can help them to disappear again undetected after even as little as a half hour’s work,” the report notes.
The NSA currently faces pressure from the public, Congress, federal courts, and privacy advocates over its expansive spying programs. Those programs, which include bulk telephone surveillance of American citizens, are said by critics to violate constitutional protections against unreasonable searches, and were uncovered earlier this year by whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Beyond the programs that scoop up data on American citizens, Snowden’s documents have also given a much closer look at how the spy agency conducts other surveillance operations, including tapping the phones of high-level foreign leaders.



ARTICLE
President Trump has confirmed that he is officially reviewing the United States’ participation in the “corrupt” U.N. Human Rights Council. 
The Trump administration warned on Wednesday that it would look seriously at whether it is in the interests of the United States to continue dealing with an international body who seems to be “obsessed with Israel.”
Erin Barlacy, U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state, blasted the Council in Switzerland earlier this week, saying that the U.S. was reconsidering its relationship with the organization.
“The United States … remains deeply troubled by the Council’s consistent unfair and unbalanced focus on one democratic country, Israel. No other nation is the focus of an entire agenda item. How is that a sensible priority?”
Foxnews.com reports:
Barclay also questioned why the council was not taking action on other international matters including claims that Syrian President Bashar Assad’s government is bombing hospitals and that North Korea and Iran are denying citizens freedom of “religion … of peaceful assembly and association, and of expression.”
“As we consider future engagements, my government will be considering the Council’s actions with an eye toward reform to more fully achieve the Council’s mission to protect and promote human rights,” she said.
Former Israeli ambassador to the United States Michael Oren welcomed reports that the U.S. might withdraw and said the move would send a “moral message” to the world.
The United States is currently an elected member of the 47-member council. Part of the pushback from the U.S. takes into account the poor human rights records of some members on the council, including China, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela.
The council was set up in 2006 as a successor to the Human Rights Commission. At the time, the Bush administration refused to join the new body. The Obama administration reversed course and applied for membership, arguing it could do more good and influence decisions from the inside.
The transition of Obama-era representatives to Trump ones has had some rocky moments.
Trump hasn’t pulled punches on his dislike of the United Nations and has publically sought a cozy relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, another U.N. critic.
On Monday, the United Nations’ high commissioner for human rights took a veiled swipe at Trump when he warned about the danger of “political profiteers” amid reports that the U.S. might pull out of the Human Rights Council over its anti-Israel bias.
The high commissioner, Prince Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein, has praised the anti-Trump marches that took place in Washington the day after the president’s inauguration. The Jordanian diplomat also said “proud members” of his staff took part in the protests.
On Tuesday, the Trump administration also clashed with Russia in a vote at the U.N. Security Council. The Kremlin vetoed a measure backed by the U.S. that would punish Syria for using chemical weapons on its own people.
Russia and China, two of the five permanent members on the Council, blocked the resolution.
America’s U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley called the chemical weapon attacks “barbaric” and accused Russia and China of putting “their friends in the Assad regime ahead of our global security.”
The vote in the 15-member council was nine in favor and three against. Also voting against the measure was Bolivia, a non-permanent member. Egypt, Ethiopia, and Kazakhstan abstained.



ARTICLE
A school in Texas has found a unique way to treat children suffering from ADHD  – by allowing kids two extra 15-minutes of recess. 
Kindergarten and first-grade students were found to pay more attention in class and fidget less when they were allowed to spend more time dong what kids like to do – engage in physical activity and play.
Wakingtimes.com reports:
It’s such a simple notion in such unusual times that it actually sounds revolutionary, and several schools in Texas are being hailed for trying a new program which solves behavioral problems by doing nothing more than allowing children to play outside more often during the school day.
Simple ideas like this have been proven to work well in places like Finland, where students’ test scores improved along with increased play time, a case which serves as the inspiration for a program in Texas schools which have quadrupled the amount of outdoor recreational time, seeing amazing results in terms of overall increase in focus and decreases in distraction and behavioral interruptions.
“According to Today, the Eagle Mountain Elementary in Fort Worth, Texas, has been giving kindergarten and first-grade students two 15-minute recess breaks every morning and two 15-minute breaks every afternoon to go play outside. At first teachers were worried about losing the classroom time and being able to cover all the material they needed with what was left, but now that the experiment has been going on for about five months, teachers say the kids are actually learning more because they’re better able to focus in class and pay attention without fidgeting.” [Source]
The key to the success of the program is ‘unstructured play’ four times a day to break up the physical and mental monotony of the classroom, allowing developing minds and bodies to constructively use their energies, so that their may be more effectively applied in learning.
While administrators in schools trying the program initially thought it would negatively affect testing results, the results have proven that the opposite is in fact true, which is in line with how the American Academy of Pediatrics sees playtime.
“The American Academy of Pediatrics agrees, calling recess “a crucial and necessary component of a child’s development.” Studies show it offers important cognitive, social, emotional, and physical benefits, yet many schools are cutting down on breaks to squeeze in more lessons, which may be counterproductive, it warns.” [Source]
Medicating restless children for them to better fit in to a dumbed down education system is a grave mistake, criminal even. Programs like these desperately need to be implemented nation wide.
“You start putting 15 minutes of what I call ‘reboot’ into these kids every so often and… it gives the platform for them to be able to function at their best level.” ~ Dr. Debbie Rhea, creator and director of the Liink Program




ARTICLE
A federal court has made a landmark ruling, saying that U.S. citizens have a First Amendment Constitutional right to film cops. 
Amid the ongoing battle between police and citizens over who has the right to film in public spaces, a federal civil rights lawsuit has finally put the matter to bed.
In a lawsuit filed by Phillip Turner vs. Driver, Grinald, and Dyess, a Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals has finally ruled that the rights of the American public to hold officials accountable, is sacrosanct.
Activistpost.com reports:
The court determined,
“We conclude that First Amendment principles, controlling authority, and persuasive precedent demonstrate that a First Amendment right to record the police does exist, subject only to reasonable time, place, and manner restrictions.” The court set the first ever precendent giving citizens the right to film police, within reason, of course. In other words, the court believes the public has a right to film police so long as it is within reason, in public, and not in private. Going further, the court seemed to empathize with the public’s demand for a transparent government. They wrote, “speech is an essential mechanism of democracy, for it is the means to hold officials accountable to the people. The right of citizens to inquire, to hear, to speak, and to use information to reach consensus is a precondition to enlightened self-government and a necessary means to protect it.” 
Turner asserted his First Amendment rights were violated when he was disallowed from filming the police station he was recording. For refusing to provide identification when asked, Turner was detained, handcuffed, and placed into the back of a squad car —an action he contends was a violation of his fourth amendment rights to unreasonable search and seizure and arrest.
When the supervisor arrived, Turner told him he was aware of his rights to withhold his identity. The supervisor agreed, he was given back his camera and allowed to leave. Unfortunately, the court’s ruling was not put in place prior to his case, or else he would have been allowed to continue filming and free to come and go as he pleased. Even though he never was sent to jail, his detainment was a form of arrest, a contention he raises going further with his case.
While the Texas precedent is not a national precedent, those who are attempting to film the police can, nonetheless, cite the precedent in the hopes police officers will continue to allow them to film without being impeded. Until such time as the Supreme Court weighs in on the matter, the right to film police will still continue to be a matter of contention between the police and the public, and dealt with on a state by state basis.
For his part, Turner appears to welcome the challenge to take his case all the way to the Supreme Court. We reached out to Turner for comment but have not yet heard back from him as of the writing of this article. But he did post a comment to his Facebook page. “5th circuit established, is the Supreme Court next??,” he stated, apparently feeling the weight of his victory in court.
If you or someone you know is planning to attempt to film cops, here are some things you need to know. According to the ACLU’s guide to photographing in public:
Taking photographs and video of things that are plainly visible in public spaces is a constitutional right—and that includes transportation facilities, the outside of federal buildings, and police and other government officials carrying out their duties.
Unfortunately, law enforcement officers have been known to ask people to stop taking photographs of public places. Those who fail to comply have sometimes been harassed, detained, and arrested. Other people have ended up in FBI databases for taking innocuous photographs of public places.
The right of citizens to record the police is a critical check and balance. It creates an independent record of what took place in a particular incident, one that is free from accusations of bias, lying, or faulty memory. It is no accident that some of the most high-profile cases of police misconduct have involved video and audio records.
As for video, the ACLU recommends;
No matter who you are you have the First Amendment right to:
Peacefully assemble and protest in public spaces and photograph and videotape the police or anything else in a public space.
Here’s the deal:
Public spaces include streets, sidewalks, and public parks.
Private property owners can set rules for public entry (like a theater saying “no cell phones”).
The right to take photos does not give you the right to:
Go places you’re not otherwise allowed, record audio of other people’s private, conversations, trespass, or interfere with police engaged in legitimate law enforcement operations.
Police officers may not: confiscate or demand to view your digital photos or videos without a warrant, or delete your photos or videos under any circumstances.
If you’re stopped or detained for taking photos:
Be polite.
Don’t resist.
Ask, “Am I free to go?”
If the officer says “no,” you are being detained.
If you are detained, ask what crime you’re suspected of committing.
Until you ask to leave, being stopped is considered voluntary.
It’s perfectly reasonable and acceptable to remind the police officer that “taking photographs is your First Amendment right” and “does not constitute reasonable suspicion of criminal activity” according to the American Civil Liberties Union.



ARTICLE
Barack Obama is ready to come back to Washington and ‘destroy President Trump’ according to close friend Eric Holder. 
Following Obama’s $60 million book deal, the former President is said to be reinvigorated and determined to lead the democrats’ anti-Trump efforts.
Zerohedge.com reports:
Of course, this breaks with the tradition upheld by most former Presidents who have chosen to not publicly criticize their successors…but the rules don’t really apply to Obama now do they?
According to Holder, Obama’s triumphant return to politics will be focused on, among other things, fundraising (his specialty) and assisting the National Democratic Redistricting Committee (NDRC) in its efforts to redraw congressional districts to give Democrats a leg up in the House of Representatives.  Per Politico:
Barack Obama is getting closer to making his public reappearance in politics, his friend and former Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday.
Holder said he’s been talking to the former president about ways — including fundraising and interacting with state legislators — that could help the new National Democratic Redistricting Committee, which Obama asked Holder to chair last year.
“It’s coming. He’s coming,” Holder said, speaking to reporters at a briefing for the new group. “And he’s ready to roll.”
Throughout, Holder said, Obama “will be a more visible part of the effort.”
As Holder notes, he and the former President will join forces in an epic “battle for our democracy” that will revolve around redrawing maps to benefit his chosen party.
The NDRC is looking to be an intensified central force for Democrats to tackle their disadvantage in gerrymandering. The mission is to direct resources into winning targeted state elections, push ballot initiatives for nonpartisan district-drawing commissions and wage legal challenges to existing maps. The hope is that this would put Democrats in a stronger position in state houses, but also in the U.S. House of Representatives, if districts are drawn that more accurately represent the distribution of the popular vote, citing statistics that showed Republicans winning 49 percent of the vote in those elections but getting 55 percent of the seats in the 2016 elections.
“This is really a battle for our democracy,” Holder said. “The notion that people are denied their ability to cast a meaningful vote … is inconsistent with who we say we are, inconsistent with what we say our democracy is about.”
Of course, we’re sure that Holder’s intentions are every bit as pure as he says they are and he is in no way motivated to go out and file a bunch of gerrymandering lawsuits just because it will net his law firm, Covington & Burlin, as well as himself, million of dollars in fees.
As we noted before, Holder was also “honored” recently to win a mandate from California, even though no one has any idea what he’s been retained to do, which will also undoubtedly result in $10s of million of dollars in bribes fees for his new law firm.
“I am honored that the Legislature chose Covington to serve as its legal adviser as it considers how to respond to potential changes in federal law that could impact California’s residents and policy priorities,” Mr. Holder said in a statement. “I am confident that our expertise across a wide array of federal legal and regulatory issues will be a great resource to the Legislature.”
The Legislature has an ample stable of lawyers on staff, but officials said Mr. Holder and his firm brought specific litigation and political skills that could be needed in the coming years. Mr. de León said the final compensation for the firm had not been set, but would be publicly disclosed once it was.
As a reminder, Holder made history back in 2012 when he became the first Attorney General ever to be held in contempt of Congress over his failure to turn over documents related to the Fast and Furious scandal which involved selling guns to Mexican drug cartels.  The scandal erupted on the national stage when one of those guns was confirmed to have been used to kill a U.S. border control agent, Brian Terry.
Good to see Obama’s former staff embracing “The Swamp” that Trump has vowed to drain.



ARTICLE
Bernie Sanders is threatening to take millions of Democrat voters away, over to a newly formed Party, free from corruption and vote rigging. 
Following his unexpected loss during last years primaries, the Vermont Senator is looking at plans devised by his supporters to form his own third party, according to reports.
If Sanders agrees, millions of his followers, many of whom find the existing Democrat Party completely corrupt, are expected to follow him – giving him a real fighting chance to win a 2020 presidential campaign.
Conservativetribune.com reports:
That would mean that the Democrat Party would split apart, lose millions of voters and thus potentially lose every major election for years to come.
So, we’re perfectly fine with that.
While this third party idea may be the dream of many “Bernie bros,” in reality it most likely isn’t going to happen, though that hasn’t stopped uneasy Democrat officials from speaking out against any potential split.
“He ran for president through the party, did extraordinarily well, better than anybody thought he was going to do, and I think it is incumbent upon him to make sure that his base stays in line with the party to ensure that we win races,” said Daniel Halpern, a Democratic National Committee member from Georgia.
There have been a few attempts to get a new party started. The website for the “Draft Bernie for a People’s Party” outlines how this new party would be truly progressive, but of course the program hinges on Sanders actually signing up.
ABC News noted that many progressives have become further disenchanted with the Democrat Party now that former Labor Secretary Tom Perez is the chairman, increasing their incentive to break away. Many of the more progressive members had backed Perez’s chief rival for the post, Muslim Minnesota Congressman Keith Ellison.
Right now the Democrat Party is deeply divided. Much of this is reminiscent of what happened after the 2008 elections with the tea party wave that swept the Republican Party.
While we can enjoy watching Democrats destroy each other, we must also be cautious. The tea party wave elected Republicans to Congress in numbers that hadn’t been seen in years. We must be careful to not ignore the threat posed by this new progressive movement.



ARTICLE
Ivanka Trump has vowed that her father, President Trump, will do everything within his power, using the “full force and weight” of his administration, to drive the elite pedophiles out of the corridors of power in Washington D.C.
Brave Ivanka posted a photo to Twitter of herself in the Oval Office with President Trump and NGOs tasked with eradicating the stench of human trafficking and pedophilia from not just Washington D.C. but the whole country.

It has emerged that Ivanka Trump was responsible for the sudden Trump administration attention to pedophilia epidemic, with the president’s daughter urging her father to hold a listening session last week on domestic and international human trafficking and pedophilia.

By doing so, Ivanka Trump, an influential West Wing force despite her decision not to take an official title at first, will one day be viewed by history as the person who was brave enough to tip over the first “domino” that eventually led to the whole house being bought down – and the garbage being cleared away.
Usually First Ladies and families of presidents focus on “healthy eating” or “better education for women”, whoop-de-doo things that only serve to keep them busy and looking good in front of the camera.
Families of the president never usually focus on anything gritty involving real human hardship.
But not the Trumps. They don’t pretend everything is rosy.
They tell it how it is and are unafraid to rock the boat, regardless of what the establishment throws at them.
It’s not just the POTUS who is going for the jugular on the issues that count, it’s his family too.



ARTICLE
Former child stars Corey Feldman and Elijah Wood have bravely spoken out about the “pedophilia epidemic” rampant in Hollywood, while the industry continues attempting to normalize pedophilia by celebrating and defending child molesters in their ranks. 
Director Roman Polanski has been praised and defended by many Hollywood liberals — including Meryl Streep — despite his drugging and raping a 13-year-old girl. Whoopi Goldberg even said “it wasn’t rape-rape.”
Not rape rape? Is that why Polanski has been on the run in various European countries that don’t have extradition treaties with the United States?
Woody Allen’s step-daughter, Dylan has accused him of sexually assaulting her when she was 7.
Then there is the whole Soon-Yi thing. How did Hollywood react?
Hollywood’s favorite pervy step-dad Woody Allen has been defended by Hollywood royalty too, and those that won’t go as far as defending him say they want to “remain neutral.”
Remaining neutral is cowardly.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Evil is triumphing in Hollywood.
Corey Feldman, former child star, has spoken out about the prevalence of pedophilia in the industry.

Lord of the Rings start Elijah Wood, who came to Hollywood as a young teenager, also commented on Hollywood’s dark underbelly.
“Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood,” he told the interviewer, though he said he was not targeted nor did he name others he thought were involved.
“It was all organized,” he was quoted as saying. “There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind. There is darkness in the underbelly.”
“What bums me about these situations is that the victims can’t speak as loudly as the people in power,” he continued. “That’s the tragedy of attempting to reveal what is happening to innocent people: They can be squashed, but their lives have been irreparably damaged.”
This is a huge culture of pedophilia in Hollywood that has been there for decades and it is not being addressed.
Hollywood has condemned President Trump for the Access Hollywood video, but they continue to defend actual pedophiles.
And what has President Trump been doing about pedophiles?
His administration has been very busy.
Since President Donald Trump has been sworn in on Jan. 20, authorities have arrested an unprecedented number of sexual predators involved in child sex trafficking rings in the United States. This should be one of the biggest stories in the national news. Instead, the mainstream media has barely, if at all, covered any of these mass pedophile arrests. This begs the question – why?
As a strong advocate for sex crime victims, I’ve been closely following the pedophile arrests since Trump took office. There have been a staggering 1,500-plus arrests in one short month; compare that to less than 400 sex trafficking-related arrests in 2014 according to the FBI. It’s been clear to me for awhile that
Trump would make human trafficking a top priority.
On October 8, 2012, Trump tweeted:




ARTICLE
The boycott against Target over its bathroom policy is costing the retailer more than anybody expected, as a record share price plunge and weak sales drive the big-box retailer to the brink of financial collapse.
In April last year after Target announced that it would welcome transgender customers to use any bathroom or fitting room that matched their gender identity.
Since then a determined grassroots boycott campaign has dug its heels in, and the company is having trouble hiding the financial damage.
Target’s already disappointing stock price plunged a further 13 percent in early trading on Tuesday, putting the embattled retailer on pace for its worst day in almost twenty years and dragging the company dangerously close to the financial abyss.
Target also reported sales and earnings that missed Wall Street’s expectations, in what was a devastating holiday quarter for the big-box retailer.
Target’s dismal outlook for fiscal 2017 has industry experts warning if results don’t turn around – and soon – the company will go to the wall.
“Our fourth-quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores,” Target CEO Brian Cornell said in a statement, basically admitting the boycott has had a much stronger effect than the company expected.
Business is expected to remain tough for the fiscal year that just got underway. Target says it expects to earn $3.80 to $4.20 a share in 2017, way down on Wall Street’s expectation of $5.37 a share. That reflects expectations for a low-single digit decline in comparable sales, which will push the business to the wall if not arrested in coming months.
Angry shareholders
Target will outline its plan to revitalize its business with shareholders Tuesday morning.
At the emergency meeting, under-pressure executives will detail the new financial model for fiscal 2017, the company said.
In the company’s earnings release, Cornell teased some of the announcements Target will make at that meeting, saying the company will accelerate its investments into a “smart network of physical and digital assets” and exclusive products. They are also being forced to lower prices in a desperate attempt to lure customers back into their stores.
“We will invest in lower gross margins to ensure we are clearly and competitively priced every day,” Cornell said.
The company is also installing single-occupancy bathrooms in all of its stores to give critics of the policy more privacy – and hope the boycott campaign loses steam. The new bathrooms, which already exist in a majority of Target stores, are an expensive gamble for Target, costing the embattled retailer $20 million to install, according to Fortune.



ARTICLE
Attorney General Jeff Sessions claims the administration is intent on banning marijuana nationwide because it “makes people violent” and “Lady Gaga is addicted to it.”
Describing himself as “heartbroken” when former President Obama spoke out in favor of marijuana, Sessions rebutted Obama’s observation that marijuana is safer than alcohol by citing a renowned expert on substance abuse:
“Lady Gaga says she’s addicted to it and it is not harmless.“
Sessions told reporters on Monday, “Most of you probably know I don’t think America is going to be a better place when more people of all ages and particularly young people start smoking pot. I believe it’s an unhealthy practice and current levels of THC in marijuana are very high compared to what they were a few years ago.”
Forbes report: Sessions is right that THC levels are much higher, but many consumers are now easily informed as to the THC levels of products. In the past, there was little information regarding THC levels. If anything, the trend is shifting towards microdosing, which is consuming cannabis but in very small amounts–usually 5 mg.
However, the attorney general was wrong when he said that there is real violence surrounding legal marijuana usage. “Experts are telling me there’s more violence around marijuana than one would think and there’s big money involved,” Sessions said. Colorado’s crime rate dropped over 14% after legalization and violent crime dropped in the state of Washington as well. In reality, the big money involved is the amount of tax revenue that states are receiving and the millions that investors are pouring into the industry.
Tom Angell of the Marijuana Majority said, “By talking about marijuana and violence, the attorney general is inadvertently articulating the strongest argument that exists for legalization, which that it allows regulated markets in a way that prohibition does not. The only connection between marijuana and violence is the one that exists when illegal sellers battle it out for profits in the black market. A growing number of states are showing that legalization is generating revenues, creating jobs and reducing crime.”
Sessions also said that states could pass the laws they choose, but then he reminded the audience that it remains a violation of federal law whether a state legalizes it or not. This must make many cannabis companies quite nervous, especially companies that have walk-in coolers full of bins of marijuana. That would be some serious prison time.
Yet, at the same time, President Trump was assuring governors that he was returning more power to them. “We’re gonna give you back a lot of the powers that have been taken away from states,” Trump said yesterday. Marijuana laws could be a test to see if Trump stands behind states rights.



ARTICLE
Senator John McCain met with known terrorists in Syria in order to try and oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, according to unnamed officials. 
The news of McCain’s illegal rendezvous with militants in northern Syria was published by the Wall Street Journal on February 22.
Thenewamerican.com reports:
McCain’s office said his visit to Syria was an opportunity “to assess dynamic conditions on the ground” there and also praised President Trump for requesting a review of the U.S. strategy to defeat ISIS.
Raqqa was captured by ISIS in 2013 and the terrorist organization went on to make the city its headquarters in Syria in 2014.
CNN noted that McCain — who has a long history as an interventionist on U.S. foreign policy — has argued for more aggressive military involvement in the Syrian civil war.
This was McCain’s first visit to Syria since 2013. A CNN report back on May 27th, 2013 cited a statement from McCain’s communications director that he had visited with anti-Assad “rebels” in Syria. The report noted that While in Syria, McCain met with General Salem Idris, the leader of the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army.
The support that McCain gave to the Free Syrian Army by means of his visit was problematic, however.  A report from Breitbart on July 8, 2014 noted that several factions within the “moderate” rebel army may not have been so moderate after all. It observed:
Reports coming out of eastern Syria Monday revealed that several factions within the Syrian opposition force known as the Free Syrian Army (FSA) have pledged services to the Islamic State, the group formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS). Sources and eyewitnesses said that the FSA has handed over its weapons to the Islamic State in large numbers.
The Free Syrian Army was said to be a “moderate” and “secular” force, which was used as the rationale by U.S. officials to supply the opposition force with weapons and training.
Sources told Homs, Syria-based Zaman Alwasl newspaper that several factions within the FSA, including Ahl Al Athar, Ibin al-Qa’im, and Aisha have pledged to support the Islamic State.
The report noted that the Obama administration had delivered weapons, supplies, and CIA-sponsored training to the Free Syrian Army.
The New American posted an article on May 25, 2013 that summarized the objections expressed by Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky.) during a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to discuss sending arms to the Syrian rebels. Senators Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) and Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) had co-sponsored a bill that authorized “critical support to the Syrian opposition through provision of military assistance, training, and additional humanitarian support.”
Paul had offered two amendments to the bill — one that would have forbidden the transfer of weapons to the rebel forces fighting to oust the government of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, and another that would have prevented the use of U.S. military armed forces in Syria. But both of Paul’s amendments were rejected and the bill sailed through the committee, passing with bipartisan support by a vote of 15-3.
Paul said afterwards that it is “a mistake to arm” vetted Syrian rebels to counter the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
“It’s a mistake to arm them. Most of the arms we’ve given to the so-called moderate rebels have wound up in the hands of ISIS, because ISIS simply takes it from them, or it’s given to them, or we mistakenly actually give it to some of the radicals,” Paul said on CBS’s This Morning.
In 2013 McCain applauded the Obama administration for providing weapons to the Syrian rebels attempting to topple the regime of Bashar al-Assad, but said that provided arms was not enough.
An ABC News report in June 2013 reported:
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) who has been vocal on the need for more U.S. action against the Assad regime, praised the finding by the government [regarding the alleged use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime] and pressed Obama to offer “lethal assistance” to rebel forces.
“But providing arms alone is not sufficient,” said McCain in a joint statement with Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) “That alone is not enough to change the military balance of power on the ground against Assad. The president must rally an international coalition to take military actions to degrade Assad’s ability to use air power and ballistic missiles and to move and resupply his forces around the battlefield by air. This can be done, as we have said many times, using stand-off weapons such as cruise missiles.”
“We cannot afford to delay any longer,” the senators added.
“Assad is on the offensive with every weapon in his arsenal and with the complete support of his foreign allies. We must take more decisive actions now to turn the tide of the conflict in Syria.”
“Every bone in my body knows that simply providing weapons will not change the battlefield equation and we must change the battlefield equation,”” McCain later added on the Senate floor.
“Otherwise, you are going to see a regional conflict the consequences of which we will be paying for a long, long time.”
McCain’s eagerness to go to war against Assad is reminiscent of the charges that former President George W. Bush made as he built a case for invading Iraq to depose then-strongman Saddam Hussein. Much of Bush’s case was built on unsubstantiated information that Saddam Hussein’s regime had weapons of mass destruction (WMD).
Bush addressed the nation from the Oval Office on March 19, 2003, to announce the beginning of Operation Iraqi Freedom, stating:
“The people of the United States and our friends and allies will not live at the mercy of an outlaw regime that threatens the peace with weapons of mass murder.”
McCain was a supporter of the invasion of Iraq. In remarks in the Senate on March 19, 2003, he stated, in part:
Madam [Senate] President, there is one thing I am sure of, that we will find the Iraqi people have been the victims of an incredible level of brutalization, terror, murder, and every other kind of disgraceful and distasteful oppression on the part of Saddam Hussein’s regime….
So I respectfully disagree with the remarks of the Senator from West Virginia [Robert Byrd]. I believe the President of the United States has done everything necessary and has exercised every option short of war, which has led us to the point we are today.
I believe that, obviously, we will remove a threat to America’s national security because we will find there are still massive amounts of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
However, after the invasion, the “Report of the Select Committee on Intelligence on the U.S. Intelligence Community’s Prewar Intelligence Assessments on Iraq,” which was released on July 9, 2004, found that many of the Bush administration’s pre-war statements about Iraqi WMD were not supported by the underlying intelligence.
Following the removal of Saddam, the power vacuum in Iraq created fertile territory for the rise of ISIS. After seizing a large portion of Iraq, ISIS then turned its attention to Syria, where it sought to establish and Islamic state. It joined forces with many of the rebel forces supported by the United States that were trying to overthrow Assad.
The negative fallout that inevitably results from our nation’s interventionist foreign policy and commitment to “regime change” is a lesson that McCain, during his long career in government, seems never to have learned, however. An article in The New American in 2014 (“Obama’s “Anti-ISIS” Coalition Built ISIS, Biden Admits”) cited statements made by former Vice President Joe Biden at a speech delivered at Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government that confirmed a truth that the writer said has long been accepted among credible analysts: Despite all of former President Obama’s rhetoric, there is no such thing as a “moderate” force in Syria that the White House claims to have been supporting against Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad.
Among the most revealing points quoted in the article was Biden’s admission:
The fact is, the ability to identify a moderate middle in Syria, um, was, uh — there was no moderate middle. What my constant cry was, that our biggest problem was our allies — our allies in the region were our largest problem … they were so determined to take down Assad and essentially have a proxy Sunni-Shia war….
They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens, thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad; except that the people who were being supplied were Al Nusra and Al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world.
Biden neglected to mention the role of the CIA and the U.S. State Department in the process, a role that was just as key as the role of “our allies.”
McCain is a bipartisan interventionist, however. Whether the occupant of the oval office is a Democrat such as Obama or a Republican such as Bush or Trump, he has never met an incursion into a foreign nation that he didn’t like. While he did criticize Trump for calling the recent Navy SEAL operation in Yemen a “success,” that criticism was based on the fact that the operation resulted in the loss of a Navy SEAL and an aircraft, not on the fact that we had intervened there. Back in 2015, McCain and Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) both said that an increase in the U.S. presence in Yemen might be necessary to stop Iranian influence in the country.
McCain said at the time that “Iran is on the march in Yemen.”
There is one further aspect of McCain’s recent visit to Syria that we should consider. That is whether of not McCain’s action constituted a violation of the Logan Act. As was noted in a recent article posted by The New American, the largely unknown Logan Act, which was passed more than 200 years ago, is a federal statute that makes it a crime for Americans to seek to influence the policies of foreign governments without official permission from U.S. authorities.
The Logan Act reads: “Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.”
Although no American has ever been prosecuted under the Logan Act, accusations fueled by the media that he was in violation of the law was named as a factor forcing Trump’s national security advisor, Lt. General Michael Flynn, to resign after serving just 24 days in that position.
Having served in the Senate since 1987 and running as the Republican Party’s candidate for the presidency in 2008, McCain is a well-entrenched Washington insider who has most likely built up a political immunity to the forces that drove Flynn from his position. His possible violation of the Logan Act is nevertheless an interesting point to ponder.



ARTICLE
A new study reveals that 50% of the chicken contained in a Subway oven-roasted patty is made from non-chicken ‘alien’ DNA. 
According to researchers in Canada, a DNA test revealed that only half of Subway’s chicken actually contained real chicken.
CBS Los Angeles reports:
The results showed the Oven Roasted Chicken patties averaged 53.6 percent chicken DNA while the Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki strips came in at 42.8 percent.
The sandwich chain refuted the results of the DNA test in a released statement:
“SUBWAY Canada cannot confirm the veracity of the results of the lab testing you had conducted. However, we are concerned by the alleged findings you cite with respect to the proportion of soy content. Our chicken strips and oven roasted chicken contain 1% or less of soy protein. We use this ingredient in these products as a means to help stabilize the texture and moisture. All of our chicken items are made from 100% white meat chicken which is marinated, oven roasted and grilled. We tested our chicken products recently for nutritional and quality attributes and found it met our food quality standards. We will look into this again with our supplier to ensure that the chicken is meeting the high standard we set for all of our menu items and ingredients.”
In case you wondered what the rest of the patties and chicken strips are made of: It’s soy.
The same test was done on the chicken Wendy’s and McDonald’s serve.
Wendy’s grilled chicken sandwich averaged 88.5 percent chicken, while McDonald’s Grilled Country Chicken averaged 84.9 percent, according to the findings.
Wendy’s response: “Wendy’s Grilled Chicken Sandwich is a whole muscle chicken breast fillet; not reformed or restructured. In addition, we use only 100% Canadian chicken in Canada. For our grilled chicken sandwich and other grilled chicken products (salads, wraps, etc.) we use a juicy, all-white meat chicken breast fillet, marinated in a blend of herbs. We do not provide ingredient percentages as we consider that information to be proprietary.”
McDonald’s response: “Our grilled chicken sandwich is made with 100% seasoned chicken breast. The chicken breast is (a single piece) trimmed for size to fit the sandwich. We don’t release the percentage of each ingredient for competitive reasons, but on the nutrition centre people can see that our grilled chicken includes seasoning and other ingredients, just like at home.”



ARTICLE
A 13-year-old girl who posted a selfie to Facebook became terrified when she realised that a shadowy ghost ‘photobombed’ her picture. 
Jessica Ogletree posted a picture taken by her teenage daughter to Facebook, but quickly realised that a creepy looking man lurked in the background of the photo.
Fox 10 reports:
The teen and her brother were reportedly fishing with their grandparents in Tifton, Georgia when something other worldly decided to tag along.
“Notice my son Kolton in the background and then notice the gentleman standing to his right!!!” Jessica posted on Facebook.
There’s just one problem with the man in the background. According to Jessica, he doesn’t exist! (Gasp!)
“Ya’ll this gentleman was NOT with them today and there was no one else at these back ponds where they were fishing. The only people there today were Haley, Kolton and their grandparents…”
According to her mother, Haley was going back through pictures she had taken during the day and noticed the (dare we say it), “ghost man.” Like any good teenager, she freaked out and called her mom. Mom wasn’t so much freaked out as she was excited.
“I personally think it’s pretty cool because today is Kolton’s birthday and he caught the biggest fish he’s ever caught! It looks like the man is happy for him!”
A happy, friendly ghost? Where does that sound familiar?
This isn’t the first time a “ghost” has been caught on camera. In fact there have been thousands of photos taken that report to show some sort of figure (some nice looking, others absolutely terrifying) hanging around.
So, ghost of a long lost fisherman or just bad lighting? Let us know what you think by commenting on our Facebook page.




ARTICLE
CNN is officially a failing company, according to a recent YouGov poll that reveals public trust in the news organization has fallen to its lowest point ever. 
CNN now trails behind both Fox News and MSNBC in public trust in the last few months, following their pro-Clinton biased reporting during the 2016 presidential election and beyond.
Dailycaller.com reports:
Respondents were asked, “If you’ve heard anything about the brand in the last two weeks, through advertising, news or word of mouth, was it positive or negative?”
Of the three cable networks, only Fox News scored a neutral brand perception. Both CNN and MSNBC were well in the negatives.

“CNN’s negative acceleration point happened in mid-October 2016, around the time Anderson Cooper interviewed Melania Trump, notably discussing her husband’s famous ‘Access Hollywood’ tape,” YouGov’s Ted Marzilli notes.
“Also at that time, a local North Carolina Republican office was firebombed, causing conservative-leaning media to pounce on CNN for suggesting Trump’s rhetoric spurred the incident.”
He concludes: “The big picture — going back to early 2016 — shows the possible toll particular news events, and being the recipient of incessant Trump bashing, may have taken on CNN.”
Trump has consistently singled out CNN for criticism, calling the network “fake news” — one of Trump’s favorite labels for hostile news outlets.




ARTICLE
Federal authorities have locked up more than 1,500 people on child trafficking and pedophilia charges since President Trump assumed office, however the huge increase in numbers on recent years is being completely ignored by mainstream media.
According to the FBI there were less than 400 sex trafficking-related arrests made in the entirety of 2014, proving that President Trump is serious about using “the “full force and weight” of the U.S. government to break up child sex trafficking rings and lock up sexual predators.
“This should be one of the biggest stories in the national news. Instead, the mainstream media has barely, if at all, covered any of these mass pedophile arrests. This begs the question – why?” Liz Crokin wrote for Townhall.com.
In a press conference from the White House on Feb. 23, Trump addressed how human trafficking is a “dire problem” domestically and internationally and set his sights on the elite pedophile ring that has established itself in Washington D.C., spreading a toxic agenda and destabilizing our democracy.
“Dedicated men and women across the federal government have focused on this for some time as you know – it’s been much more focused over the last four weeks,” he said.
However the press conference registered “barely a blip in the mainstream media and the massive arrests have been almost completely ignored by the MSM altogether,” Crokin wrote.
World Tribune reports:
Crokin noted some of the major arrests that have been made since Trump took office:
“They claim he supports pedophilia based on comments he made in a video years ago. The reality is Milo was a victim of child sex abuse, and although he did joke about his abuse in an interview, he in no way promotes pedophilia. 
“The irony of all this is that the left and MSM have been the biggest proponents of pedophilia. Salon has published articles attempting to normalize pedophilia; however, to maintain their faux outrage over Milo, they deleted them.”
Crokin continued: “The face of the very fake news network CNN, Jake Tapper, fired off several tweets condemning Milo. For example, he tweeted: ‘My friend, a survivor of sex trafficking: Milo straight up defended abusing 13 yr old boys… Please don’t let that be normalized’
“If Tapper is so concerned with sex trafficking, why in the world hasn’t he covered the massive sex trafficking arrests that have taken place since Trump took office? It seems he, and many in the leftist media, are only concerned with sex trafficking if it can be used to destroy a conservative,” Crokin wrote.
The “good news,” Crokin noted, “is that we have a president who genuinely does care about children and he’s vowed to make solving the human trafficking epidemic a priority.
“The recent pedophile arrests are just the tip of the iceberg and, whether Tapper and his ilk in the MSM like it or not, this story will eventually get so big that they will be forced to cover this horrific epidemic that has plagued our country for too damn long.”



ARTICLE
House Democrats are planning to disrupt President Trump’s first speech to a joint session of Congress by busing in hundreds of illegal immigrants, transgender teenagers, and angry celebrities including Madonna and Rosie O’Donnell, to fill the rafters of the House Gallery and “make Trump as uncomfortable as possible.”
President Trump is keeping the tradition of previous Presidents by delivering a formal address to a Joint Session of Congress during his inaugural year on Tuesday February 28.
But the bizarre Democrat strategy to disrupt the speech, outlined in a letter circulating on Capitol Hill, means President Trump will likely face a hostile gallery, including non-Americans, who will be “issued with instructions to jeer and shout down the president” during the historic speech.
The Hill reports:
It’s a shift in tactics for Democrats, some of whom skipped Trump’s inauguration last month in protest. Democrats say there are no plans to stage a similar boycott of Trump’s speech, but they want to put him face-to-face with people who feel alienated and targeted by his controversial executive orders.
In a letter circulating on Capitol Hill, a group of liberals is urging fellow Democrats to bring guests who have made “a positive impact” on the community “despite discrimination or marginalization.”
“It is our hope that their presence in the House Gallery will remind President Trump that he is not the arbiter of patriotism,” reads the letter. “This country belongs to all of us and his rhetoric of intolerance will not stand.”
By inviting illegal immigrants to line the rafters of the House Gallery, the authors of the letter believe that the country belongs to illegal immigrants too.
The authors of the letter are as diverse as the crowd they’re seeking to assemble.
They include Reps. Jim Langevin (R.I.), who was shot accidentally as a teen and became the first quadriplegic to serve in Congress; Michelle Lujan Grisham (N.M.), head of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus; Cedric Richmond (La.), chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus; Judy Chu (Calif.), head of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus; and David Cicilline (R.I.) and Jared Polis (Colo.), the co-chairman of the LGBT Equality Caucus.
“We want to send a strong message to the [president] that he cannot push these communities aside, and he cannot change the fabric of this country,” they wrote.
Some liberals are also eyeing another form of protest during the speech: When Trump walks down the center aisle of the House chamber on the way to the dais, they’re hoping no Democrats scramble to get in the picture for the traditional handshake.
“We have to have a higher standard,” Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.) said.
“For sure I will not be nearby,” Rep. Filemon Vela (D-Texas) echoed.
Handshakes, photographs, celebrities, transgender teenagers and illegal immigrants… The Democratic resistance has sunk to previously unimaginable depths.



ARTICLE
Senator Bernie Sanders has blasted the Democrat Party, calling on its members to reject the organization as it stands today, and transform it into the ‘party of the people’. 
Speaking to CNN on Sunday, the former US Democratic presidential candidate urged Democrats to reject the corruption that has plagued the party for years, and has called for a “transformation” to enable the party to reconnect with working class people.
Presstv.ir reports:
“We need a total transformation,” said the 75-year-old Senator from the state of Vermont.
“We need to open up the party to working people, to young people and make it crystal clear that the Democratic Party is going to take on Wall Street, it’s going to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry, it’s going to take on corporate America that is shutting down plants in this country and moving our jobs abroad,” he added.
Fresh off of a divisive leadership election, Democrats are still recovering from a disastrous run under former President Barack Obama, which saw them lose the White House and both houses of Congress to Republicans.
The party was looking forward to unite behind their new leader after a tight race between former US labor secretary Tom Perez and black Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison of Minnesota.
Perez, backed by former Vice President Joseph Biden and other key figures of the Obama administration that backed Hillary Clinton’s failed presidential bid, narrowly defeated Ellison – the first-ever Muslim elected to the US Congress , who enjoyed the support of Sanders and many of his allies.
The campaign for the next leader demonstrated in many ways the divisive 2016 presidential primary between Sanders and Clinton, where the former was pushed out of the race by pro-Clinton elements within the DNC.
President Donald Trump pointed out the similarities in a tweet, saying that the DNC vote was “rigged” against Ellison, in the same manner that the party was biased against Sanders in the presidential election.
Sanders rejected the president’s analogy in his CNN interview, but also admitted that he was not “impressed” with the way Perez was elected.
Trump’s presidential election campaign had been hit with many controversies since its inception in early 2015. But he still managed to stun the world by defeating the heavily-favored Clinton.
However, numerous polls taken before the presidential election showed that Clinton and Trump were deeply unpopular politicians, while Clinton’s rival in the Democratic primary elections, Bernie Sanders, enjoyed relatively high popularity.



ARTICLE
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has categorically confirmed that Russia did not hack the U.S. election and had no relationship with the Trump administration. 
As dubious media outlets have aggressively pursued the lie that Trump won the election by seeking help from Russia, the announcement from Nunes puts the final nail in the coffin for that piece of fake news.
Nunes made it clear to reporters on Monday that the focus of the House’s probe should be on the traitors who are leaking information to the press – which he called “major crimes”.
“As of right now, I don’t have any evidence of any phone calls. It doesn’t mean they don’t exist … What I’ve been told by many folks is that there’s nothing there,” Nunes told reporters.
Msn.com reports:
The chairman said that there is no need at this time for a special prosecutor to investigate allegations of contact between Russian officials and President Trump’s campaign aides. Instead, the Republican said that the real problem was frequent leaks to the news media on the subject of Russia, as well as accounts of what should be confidential dealings with the Trump White House, including calls with foreign leaders such as the Australian prime minister.
“There’s been major crimes committed,” Nunes said, referring to the leaks. “What I’m concerned about is no one is focusing on major leaks that have occurred here … We can’t run a government like this. A government can’t function with massive leaks at the highest level.”
This is the first time a leading House Republican — in this case, the lawmaker who is spearheading the investigation in the lower chamber — has said flatly that he has not seen evidence of inappropriate communications between Trump aides and Russia. The FBI is investigating Russia’s role in last year’s elections and potential ties between Trump associates and Russia.
Nunes’s statements go well beyond what his Republican colleagues in the Senate have signaled when talking about a parallel probe, which Nunes suggested Monday would basically be conducted separately. The Senate Intelligence Committee — headed by Richard Burr (R-N.C.) — has promised to thoroughly investigate any contacts between Trump aides and the Kremlin. And it has pledged to specifically probe ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn’s talk late last year with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak.
Nunes’s hard-line stance is also at odds with comments by some House Republicans — including former House Oversight and Government Reform chairman Darrell Issa (Calif.), who said over the weekend that a special prosecutor should investigate Russia’s alleged interference in the U.S. elections.
“What we do know is that the [Vladimir] Putin government is a bad actor who should be carefully scrutinized — and regardless of what side of the aisle you sit on — our country has a vested interest in fully understanding exactly what happened, outside the fog of accusation and political jostling,” Issa said in a statement Monday night. “Any review conducted must have the full confidence of the American people, which is why I recommended an independent review.”
The split between members of the Republican Party casts doubt on whether their congressional investigations in GOP-controlled chambers will proceed in a bipartisan manner as promised — raising significant questions about whether the party would resist attempts by the White House to wield influence over the investigations.
“It obviously weakens the report when it’s seen as being highly partisan,” said Mark Lowenthal, a former staff director of the House Intelligence Committee. “But if Nunes is seen as being highly partisan and burying the issue for the White House, that’s not going to do any good either.”
Nunes also rejected the idea that House Republicans will call for the release of Trump’s tax returns, which some Democrats believe would shed light on the president’s potential business dealings in Russia. One Republican, Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), has also said she is open to demanding the tax returns as part of the Senate probe.
Nunes, who advised the Trump administration as a member of the transition team, has tremendous latitude to steer the focus of the Intelligence Committee’s investigation, including determining which witnesses and records the panel will subpoena.
Both the House and Senate intelligence panels began probes at the end of January into what intelligence officials say is Russian meddling in the U.S. elections aimed at benefiting Trump.
The Senate’s review is underway, but the House has yet to receive a single document or interview any witnesses, said ranking Democrat Adam B. Schiff (D-Calif.) in a news conference Monday afternoon. Schiff said committee leaders promised to release a final agreement about the scope of their investigation Monday, but no information was available by evening.
Schiff called Nunes’s conclusion that there is no evidence of contacts between the Trump team and Russia “premature.” He pointed to the fact that the committee has not received documents, called witnesses or even released the final agreement about the scope of its investigation.
“When you begin an investigation, you don’t begin by stating what you believe to be the conclusion,” Schiff told reporters.
House Republicans and Democrats are also divided about their approach to the investigation. Schiff has agreed to make the leaks part of the House’s investigation — but warned that the focus should be on the substance of what was leaked, particularly as it pertains to Flynn’s contact with Russian officials.
Over Nunes’s objections, Schiff is angling for the committee to receive transcripts of Flynn’s conversations with the Russian ambassador before Trump was inaugurated. Flynn was asked to leave the White House this month after it was revealed that he misled Vice President Pence about discussing sanctions with Kislyak.
Nunes, meanwhile, said that Flynn should be thanked for his service to the country and that the retired lieutenant general was only trying to prepare a new president for office in his discussions. He said that he has not seen the transcripts of Flynn’s call with Kislyak, which would have been “illegally leaked” if he had.
Nunes described Flynn as having done a “big favor” by “keeping lines of communication” open with Russia after President Barack Obama expelled Russian officials from the United States in response to allegations that the country interfered in the U.S. elections.
Nunes also took issue with the definition of “sanctions” — which were imposed on Russia in 2014 for the annexation of Crimea and Russia’s involvement in Ukraine — saying that in his view, Flynn was not discussing official sanctions in his conversations with Kislyak but rather the “petty” retaliation against the officials by Obama.
He called a suggestion that Flynn could be charged under the Logan Act “ridiculous.” The 1799 statute has never been used to prosecute a U.S. citizen for interfering in foreign policy.
Democrats are skeptical that FBI Director James B. Comey will be forthcoming in the course of their investigation, and they have called for Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who wielded considerable influence in Trump’s campaign effort, to recuse himself from proceedings. In a briefing with reporters Monday, Sessions would only say he “would recuse myself on anything that I should recuse myself on,” without specifying whether he intended to involve himself in Russia-related matters.
Sessions also stated that he has “not examined” any contacts between the White House and the FBI over a New York Times story that reported frequent contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian officials.
Nunes also confirmed Monday that he was one of the lawmakers to whom the White House turned to combat the story. The report mentioned Flynn, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and former campaign aide Carter Page, as well as Trump associate Roger Stone.
Nunes described the White House giving him a phone number for a reporter. He said he did not see anything inappropriate with the request and his follow-up in calling the reporter.
He was referring to a Washington Post story describing the Trump administration’s efforts to enlist the intelligence community and key lawmakers in knocking down media stories about Trump associates’ ties to Russia.
“I had already talked to many of you about that several times,” Nunes said, saying he was only passing on “whatever I had already told you.” “Isn’t the whole point of the press to be transparent?”
But Schiff said the White House “seeking help from intelligence leadership … to knock down stories it doesn’t like is completely inappropriate.”



ARTICLE
Al-Qaeda won their first ever Oscar at Sunday night’s Academy Awards ceremony, as their propaganda arm, the White Helmets, picked up an award for best short documentary. 
The award-winning fake documentary about a fake rescuer group known for staging videos and photos of fake victims of the war on Syria, are a British disinformation operation who have been given over $100 million of U.S. and UK taxpayers money.
Moonofalabama.org reports:
Its general task is to convince the “western” public that the war on Syria is justified because of the “cruelty of the Syrian government” which the fakes intend to establish in the mind of its consumers.
Hollywood never was shy of taking government money to promote war on this or that country or “enemy”. The Pentagon’s liaison office in Hollywood finances many movies.
If there are some tanks needed and military heroes in a script the Pentagon will organize the props, real tanks and soldiers, at no cost – provided of course that it can read and “correct” the script the way it sees fit. The makers of “Top Gun” need planes, air craft carriers and lots of explosions? No problem at all and at no costs to the producers.
In exchange military recruitment staff will wait to trap moviegoers when they leave the theaters. Congress will happily pass the money for more useless planes.
An Academy Award reinforces the message a production carries and gives the people behind the message additional value. The marketing companies that create and run the “White Helmets” will surely receive a few extra millions for yesterday’s Oscar promotion.
Hollywood is all fake. The wrong winner is announced and al-Qaeda gets an Oscar. “No harm done,” the promoters of such fakes might say.
Except to the people of Syria. For them the destruction and death promoted by the fancy people in Los Angeles is all too real.



ARTICLE
A Superior Court judge has ruled that authorities in California must publicly release papers outlining the carcinogenic dangers cellphone usage pose to the public.
Up until now, State officials at the Environmental Health Investigations branch tried to keep the documents hidden from public view. However, on Friday, a judge ruled that the state must release all documents that detail the health risks associated with radiation emitted from cellular devices.
CBS reports:
But the state refused to hand them over when requested by a director at University of California, Berkeley School of Public Health.
So Joel Moskowitz, Ph.D., sued the state under the California Public Records Act.
Moskowitz, Director at the Center for Family and Community Health at UC Berkeley’s School of Public Health explained to KPIX 5 the reason he sued. “I would like this document to see the light of day because it will inform the public that there is concern within the California Department of Public Health that cellphone radiation is a risk, and it will provide them with some information about how to reduce those risks.”
When asked why he thinks the state is trying to suppress this document, he said, “They claim that this would lead to chaos and confusion among the public, I suspect that they were afraid of the reaction from the telecommunications industry should they publish this document. In fact, they even argued that in their brief.”
In a tentative ruling Friday, a judge found the documents are, in fact, public record and the public should have a right to see it.
The judge stated that there is significant public interest in DPH’s investigation into risks associated with cellular phone use and advising the public as to those risks.
Moskowitz cites new research that finds a significant relationship between cellphone use of 10 or more years and increased brain tumor risk.
The Department of Public Health would not comment on the ruling or if it intends to release the documents. Lawyers note they could appeal.
The FCC says there is no evidence of a “definite link between wireless devices and cancer or other illnesses.”
But, Moskowitz, who believes cellphones do pose health risks and urges users to limit their contact with them, hopes the ruling will at least help call attention to the issue.



ARTICLE
US President Donald Trump has hinted that he will bring back the Gold Standard and introduce it as the world’s global currency. 
During a speech at CPAC, Trump made an intriguing observation: “Global cooperation, dealing with other countries, getting along with other countries is good, it’s very important. But there is no such thing as a global anthem, a global currency or a global flag. This is the United States of America that I’m representing.”
Forbes.com reports:
No “global currency?”  Was this, with the poetic observation that “there is no such thing as a global anthem…or a global flag,” just a trope? Or could it contain a political portent with potential high impact on world financial markets?  Let’s drill down.
As it happens, there is a global currency.
It’s called the “U.S. dollar.”
Most international trade is priced in dollars. The Bretton Woods international monetary system invested the dollar, which then was defined as and (internationally) was legally convertible to gold at $35/oz, with global currency status.  France’s then-finance minister, later its president, Valéry  Giscard d’Estaing, called the “reserve currency” status of the dollar — its status, along with gold, as global currency — an “exorbitant privilege.”
By this d’Estaing was alluding to the fact, as summarized at Wikipedia, that “As American economist Barry Eichengreen summarized: ‘It costs only a few cents for the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to produce a $100 bill, but other countries had to pony up $100 of actual goods in order to obtain one.'” That privilege, which made great sense during the period immediately after World War II, became a curse.
In 1971 President Nixon, under the influence of his Svengali-like Treasury Secretary John Connally, “suspend[ed] temporarily the convertibility of the dollar into gold.” That closure proved durable instead of temporary. The dollar became, and remains, the world’s global currency.
What had been an “exorbitant privilege” devolved into an exorbitant liability. As my former professional colleague John D. Mueller, of the Ethics and Public Policy Center, formerly Rep. Jack Kemp’s chief economist, writing in the Wall Street Journal in Trump’s Real Trade Problem Is Money recently and astutely observed:
a monetary system based on a reserve currency is unsustainable, since foreign official dollar reserves (for example) are acquired and must be repaid in goods. In other words, the increase in official dollar reserves equals the net exports of the rest of the world, which means it must also equal U.S. international payments deficits—an unsustainable situation.
In other words, if President Trump wishes to address America’s merchandise trade deficit (balanced to perfection, of course, by a capital accounts surplus) he will find that allowing the dollar to be used as the global currency is the real snake in the economic woodpile.  The dollar’s burden as the international reserve currency, not currency manipulation by our trading partners or bad treaties, is the true villain in the ongoing melodrama of crummy job creation.
Mueller’s Wall Street Journal column enumerates the three options open to President Trump:
First, muddle along under the current “dollar standard,” a position supported by resigned foreigners and some nostalgic Americans—among them Bryan Riley and William Wilson at the Heritage Foundation, and James Pethokoukis at the American Enterprise Institute.
Second, turn the International Monetary Fund into a world central bank issuing paper (e.g., special drawing rights) reserves—as proposed in 1943 by Keynes, since the 1960s by Robert A. Mundell, and in 2009 by Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People’s Bank of China. Drawbacks: This kind of standard is highly political and the allocation of special drawing rights essentially arbitrary, since the IMF produces no goods.
Third, adopt a modernized international gold standard, as proposed in the 1960s by Rueff and in 1984 by his protégé Lewis E. Lehrman …and then-Rep. Jack Kemp.
To “muddle along” would, of course, be entirely antithetical to Trump’s promise to Make America Great Again. It would destroy his crucial commitment to get the economy growing at 3%+ — vastly faster than it has for the past 17 years  — which also happens to be the recipe for robust job creation and upward income mobility for workers. It also is the essential ingredient for balancing the federal budget while rebuilding our infrastructure and military.
To turn the IMF into a world central bank would, of course, be anathema to Trump’s economic nationalism. To subordinate the dollar to the IMF’s SDR would be equivalent to lowering Old Glory and replacing the American flag with the flag of the United Nations on every flagpole in America. Unthinkable under a Trump administration.
That leaves the third option, to “adopt a modernized international gold standard, as proposed in the 1960s by Rueff and in 1984 by his protégé Lewis E. Lehrman … and then-Rep. Jack Kemp” (whose eponymous foundation I advise). To this one should add, as Forbes.com contributor Nathan Lewis has shrewdly observed, the removal of tax and regulatory barriers to the use of gold as currency.
As I have repeatedly observed Donald Trump shows a strong affinity for gold. He has also shown a keen intuitive grasp of  how the gold standard was crucial to having made America great:
Donald Trump: “We used to have a very, very solid country because it was based on a gold standard,” he told WMUR television in New Hampshire in March last year. But he said it would be tough to bring it back because “we don’t have the gold. Other places have the gold.”
Trump’s comment to GQ: “Bringing back the gold standard would be very hard to do, but boy, would it be wonderful. We’d have a standard on which to base our money.”
Trump has been misled to believe that “we don’t have the gold. Other places have the gold.” In fact, the United States, Germany, and the IMF together have about as much gold as the rest of the world combined and America has well more than Germany and the IMF combined. [Note: This column has been updated to clarify that the United States has well more gold than Germany and the IMF combined but not, as originally stated, more than twice as much.]
We have the gold. Bringing back the gold standard would not be very hard to do.
Trump’s politically unique intuition that “We used to have a very, very solid country because it was based on a gold standard” is no trivial matter. It is true. And as I have written elsewhere:
Marc Levinson writing recently in The Wall Street Journal provides a very pessimistic view for the American Dream, “Why the Economy Doesn’t Roar Anymore: The long boom after World War II left Americans with unrealistic expectations, but there’s no going back to that unusual Golden Age” [He wrote:]
“People who had thought themselves condemned to be sharecroppers in the Alabama Cotton Belt or day laborers in the boot heel of Italy found opportunities they could never have imagined. The French called this period les trente glorieuses, the 30 glorious years. Germans spoke of the Wirtschaftswunder, the economic miracle, while the Japanese, more modestly, referred to “the era of high economic growth.” In the English-speaking countries, it has more commonly been called the Golden Age.
[…]
“The Golden Age was the first sustained period of economic growth in most countries since the 1920s. But it was built on far more than just pent-up demand and the stimulus of the postwar baby boom. Unprecedented productivity growth around the world made the Golden Age possible. In the 25 years that ended in 1973, the amount produced in an hour of work roughly doubled in the U.S. and Canada, tripled in Europe and quintupled in Japan.
[…]
“Ever since the Golden Age vanished amid the gasoline lines of 1973, political leaders in every wealthy country have insisted that the right policies will bring back those heady days. Voters who have been trained to expect that their leaders can deliver something more than ordinary are likely to find reality disappointing.”
Levinson, whose column uses “Golden Age” as its leitmotif, strangely fails to make the connection between, or even explore, the fact that the era he calls the Golden Age correlated precisely with America (and the world) being on a form of gold standard, particularly the modified gold standard known as the Bretton Woods System. (Bretton Woods had the inherent flaw of using the dollar as an international reserve asset but, until that flaw undermined it, it served equitable prosperity.)
What would be the outcome of Trump’s following his instincts and going for the gold?
Prosperity, that’s what.
Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan just provided a barely noticed Big Reveal. In an interview with the World Gold Council’s Gold Investor Chairman Greenspan, stating “I view gold as the primary global currency,” went on to explicitly reveal, for the first time to my knowledge, that “When I was Chair of the Federal Reserve I used to testify before US Congressman Ron Paul, who was a very strong advocate of gold. We had some interesting discussions. I told him that US monetary policy tried to follow signals that a gold standard would have created. [Emphasis supplied.]
The period of “following signals that a gold standard would have created,” called the Great Moderation under President Clinton, was one of the most equitably prosperous in modern American history. That era saw the creation of over 20 million jobs. Robust growth converted the federal deficit into a surplus. It was, if only virtually rather than institutionally, a golden age.
After the Fed abandoned its Great Moderation America experienced almost no net job creation under President George W. Bush and very mediocre job creation under President Obama. Sad!
I want the American Dream back. We all do, very much including President Trump.
How might President Trump go about turning this around? He has a unique opening to forcefully pivot America toward epic prosperity.
As Paul-Martin Foss of the Menger Center astutely points out the Federal Reserve Board currently has three vacancies. If Trump were to fill those vacancies with three sophisticated gold standard advocates from the short list of Lewis E. Lehrman (whose eponymous Institute I formerly served), Dr. Judy Shelton (who served as an advisor on his presidential economic transition team), former presidential candidate Steve Forbes, and John Allison, former CEO of BB&T (preferably as vice chairman for regulation) the president would create a super “beachhead team” at the Fed to seriously restore equitable prosperity.
These appointments would be the safe and sure first steps out of economic stagnation for America. Couple these with a White House “Team B” to plan the enactment of the Jack Kemp Gold Standard Act and removal of the regulatory and tax barriers to using gold as currency. Then watch an American economic miracle take place.
Mr. President: “No such thing as a global currency?” The dollar is the global currency. Want prosperity? Heed Chairman Greenspan and do not just view but restore “gold as the primary global currency.” President Trump: replace the dollar with gold as the global currency to make America great again. We have the gold.



ARTICLE
In the latest wave of threats, dozens of Jewish community centers in twelve U.S. states from Alabama to Pennsylvania reported getting bomb threats on Monday.
Last week, 10 Jewish centers in five states received similar threats.
RT.com reports:

The Levite Jewish Community center in Birmingham, Alabama was emptied on Monday morning. The center was also targeted last week.

The David Posnack Jewish Day School in Broward County, Florida was reportedly cleared following a bomb threat at 9:30 am.

Three Jewish Community Centers (JCC) in Stated Island, New York was evacuated as well as the JCC in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, and JCCs in Providence, Rhode Island.

Just before noon, New York Representative Nita Lowey tweeted that a bomb threat had been made against the JCC in Tarrytown, New York.

The Jewish Federation of South Jersey tweeted that people had been moved from the building and police had arrived.
Reports indicate that Jewish centers in Delaware, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, South Carolina are also being vacated.

In Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, officials say students and staff were ushered from the JCC due to a bomb threat.
“Any anti-Semitic act or act of intimidation aimed at Jewish institutions and people in Pennsylvania is truly reprehensible and we must find those responsible and hold them accountable. This is not who we are as Americans or Pennsylvanians,” said Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf, according to WCBS.
“We will not take these threats and acts lightly and I have asked the Pennsylvania State Police and Office of Homeland Security to offer their full resources towards protecting these institutions and finding those responsible.”
Police were investigating Monday’s threats and all centers were declared safe and reopened after authorities did not find explosive devices, according to the Huffington Post.
The FBI and Department of Justice, meanwhile, have launched investigations into the series of bomb threats.
“The FBI and the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division are investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country. The FBI will collect all available facts and evidence, and will ensure this matter is investigated in a fair, thorough, and impartial manner,” said Carrie Adamowski, public affairs specialist for the FBI office in Philadelphia, according to WCBS.
It is the fifth wave of such bomb threats in less than two months. Last Monday, at least 10 Jewish centers in five states were targeted with bomb warnings on the same day leading to evacuations.

The Anti-Defamation League received a bomb threat at its national headquarters in New York.
“After a careful investigation and cooperation with law enforcement, it has been determined that the threat was not credible,” the ADL stated in a press release.
The multiple bomb threats come just a day after over 500 gravestones were found damaged on Sunday in a Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia.





ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is considering withdrawing the United States from the UN Human Rights Council.
The Trump administration has reportedly accused the UNHRC of being biased against Israel and are questioning its usefulness.
Press TV reports:
A final decision on whether the US would leave the council is expected to be made by the president himself, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, as well as the new US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, POLITICO reported, citing informed sources.
“There’s been a series of requests coming from the secretary of state’s office that suggests that he is questioning the value of the US belonging to the Human Rights Council,” said a former State Department official familiar with the discussions.
In a recent meeting with State Department officials, Tillerson questioned the effectiveness of the UNHRC, a 47-seat inter-governmental body responsible for promoting and protecting human rights around the world.
Supporters of Israel accuse the UNHRC, which was established in 2006 to replace the UN Human Rights Commission, of being biased toward the regime by pushing critical resolutions and issuing scathing statements.
In the latest example, the council angered Israeli politicians by condemning the “lenient” prison sentence handed down to an Israeli soldier who was convicted of manslaughter for fatally shooting a wounded Palestinian.
Israeli Sergeant Elor Azaria was sentenced to only 18 months in prison this week for shooting Abdel Fattah al-Sharif point-blank in the head last year.
UN human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said the council was “deeply concerned at the lenient sentence given by the Tel Aviv Military Court earlier this week to an Israeli soldier convicted of unlawfully killing a wounded Palestinian in an apparent extrajudicial execution of an unarmed man who clearly posed no imminent threat.”
The administration of George W. Bush refused to join the UNHRC after it was created, questioning whether it would be much different from the commission before it. However, his Democratic successor, Barack Obama, decided to join the council and try to influence it from the inside.
Obama had a rocky relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, one that hit a new low in December when the outgoing president chose not to veto a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction on occupied Palestinian territory.
Netanyahu has indicated he is looking forward to working with Trump, who has long expressed skepticism about the United Nations. The new US ambassador has also been very vocal about the Trump administration’s plans to shield Israel at the world body.



ARTICLE
Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chair Tom Perez has announced a potential Hillary Clinton run for president in 2020. 
Perez, a former Clinton Campaign collaborator who helped sabotage Bernie Sanders’ chance at securing the nomination in 2016, told ABC that the Democrat Party would welcome Hillary to run in the 2020 election.
The former Secretary of State recently featured in a DNC ad where she said, “let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our party and our country.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrCfXrGVYVw
Washingtonexaminer.com reports:
“Everyone who wants to run should run,” he said of the 2020 Democratic primary. “And, I’m confident we’re going to have a robust field of candidates.”
Perez wasn’t much focused on the presidential race Sunday morning, instead touting a win in a special election for the Delaware State Senate Saturday night.
That election could have swung the balance of power in the state’s upper chamber, but the Democratic candidate won a convincing victory.
Perez said that’s the kind of race he’s going to be worried about in the future.
“We need an every-ZIP-code strategy,” he said. “We need to redefine the role of the DNC so that we’re helping to elect people from the school board to the Senate.”
He emphasized that the party leadership was united and that he planned to use Rep. Keith Ellison, the Minnesota Democrat who finished in second in the race for DNC chair, as a partner going forward.
Ellison was seen as the pick of the progressive wing of the party and many progressives were upset about his defeat on Saturday.
Perez said he and Ellison are very much alike in their values systems and they’ll try to make the DNC better reflect those viewpoints.
“When we lead with our values, we win, and that’s what we’re going to do,” he said.




ARTICLE
Washington Post owner, Jeff Bezos, was awarded a $600 million federal contract by the Obama administration to publish disinformation about Donald Trump.
The Amazon founder was tasked with undermining the new President via ‘leaked’ CIA documents given to him when he first took over at WaPo.
Conservativedailypost.com reports:
Much worse and even more suspicious is the majority of the people have not been informed that Bezos landed a $600 million federal contract and by who? The CIA.
The “deal” is for a computing cloud developed by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also just happens AWS services all 17 agencies within the US intelligence community.
An unholy alliance in which Bezos stands to gain many more millions by pacifying and working with the CIA through his publication The Washington Post. “Leaks” and “information” Bezos will publish without question, without proper verification and journalistic sourcing.
The CIA will now have its own propaganda publication to do whatever it likes in misinforming and manipulating the American people and the voters.
Vital information intentionally withheld from the American people, as Bezos uses the Post to forge pocket lining government contracts while promoting his own personal political agenda.
Is this lack of reporting of the Bezos/CIA partnership by the MSM the result of massive incompetency? Or a very well organized cover up within the MSM inner circle of four or five elitists who now own six companies that control over 90 percent of MSM outlets?
The same outlets which through diverse company divisions own every television station and newspaper in this country with the exception of very small, weekly community publications and certain Christian networks. Even many of those community weeklies have been scooped up by larger publication divisions.
Are we connecting the dots at each cross section of intertwining strings holding together this corrupt spider web? A vast interlocking network designed to lure and trap average American citizens into its carefully woven web of manipulation and deceit.

The Washington Post is the most widely known and respected news outlet in the world, reaching more people than any other publication including the NY Times. It has always been the standard in which journalistic ethics are established and adhered to by other publications. It sets the example to be followed by the everyday journalists out there on the beat trying to do their jobs.
By utilizing the internet and social media, the Post has literally millions of subscribers and followers reading and watching online video on a daily basis. It is the media center of the nation’s capital and the eye of the DC political belt.
Control the Washington Post and you control the message; the MSM and the “agenda.”
“The Post is unquestionably the political paper of record in the United States, and how it covers governance sets the agenda for the balance of the news media,” journalism scholar Robert W. McChesney revealed to Altenet.org in a December investigative article.
“Citizens need to know about this conflict of interest in the columns of the Post itself,” he added.
In the same article, a statement released by the Public Institute of Advocacy quoted McChesney as saying:
“If some official enemy of the United States had a comparable situation — say the owner of the dominant newspaper in Caracas was getting $600 million in secretive contracts from the Maduro government — the Post itself would lead the howling chorus impaling that newspaper and that government for making a mockery of a free press. It is time for the Post to take a dose of its own medicine.”
If this alliance between the CIA and Bezos isn’t illegal, then it is certainly unethical and displays a huge conflict of interest while also exposing the corruption existing within the MSM. The main sources of news and information Americans sought and believed, until the rise of alternative media outlets.
Alternative sources of information the MSM bash and attempt daily to discredit as “fake news,” when “fake,” misleading and sometimes right out lies being spread across social media come out of the MSM and pseudo extremist left-wing sites erected simply to misinform and confuse the American voter.
Many Facebook pages and websites that have “popped” up over the past several years whose resources and money are being funded by George Soros’s well oiled “Media Matters” machine. Just one of many “nonprofit” organizations extending from his Open Society Foundation.
Soros also has imbedded ties to many MSM outlets including The New York Times, the Associated Press, NBC and ABC and here it is again, the Washington Post. Readers are urgently encouraged to research Soros, his history and his worldwide organizations.
Altnet also writes, “Amazon’s offer wasn’t the low bid, but it won the CIA contract anyway by offering advanced high-tech ‘cloud’ infrastructure.”
So how is at a time government should be pinching pennies due to the increasing national debt, the CIA passed over lower bidders for the contracted services?
The answer tracks back to the infamous blocking of the WikiLeaks website by Bezos’s company Amazon Web Services (AWS), a service Bezos personally and publicly brags is the most advanced and best high-tech “cloud” infrastructure on the market.
“WikiLeaks was booted from Amazon’s webhosting service AWS. So, at the height of public interest in what WikiLeaks was publishing, readers were unable to access the WikiLeaks website,” reported watchdog group Fair in 2013.
So why did AWS give WikiLeaks the boot? Most likely at the bequest of the CIA, whom Bezos has been doing business with since 2013 when the $600 million contract was awarded to AWS. Bezos also has close ties to the Clintons and backed Hillary in her failed run for the presidency, both in the 2008 primary campaign and in 2016 as the Democrat nominee.
Bezos also publicly voices open contempt for President Trump, and his policies. He recently was behind the Washington challenge to Trump’s 90-day immigration ban and threatened suit himself in an email to his employees, as was reported on this site.
Bezos, without any reference to stock holders input or lack of agreement, said he will put the full resources at Amazon to defeat the policy and implied his mission of taking down President Trump.
It was Bezos’s Washington Post that first leaked documents and led the charge to discredit Trump’s national security advisor cabinet pick. General Michael Flynn was forced to resign due to the unverified information touted in the “leaks.” Flynn was cleared by the FBI of any wrongdoing in those leaks. But the damage was already done.
In recent days, it has been revealed the CIA has full intention of attempting a coup to remove Trump from office, even though “The Donald” was democratically elected by American voters in a free election.
And it appears in the CIA is in conspiracy with Bezos’s plan to use the Washington Post to achieve a mutual goal: to disrupt and destroy President Trump and his administration. A goal that has no regard or concern for national security or the safety and well-being of American citizens.
Any impact on the average citizen, including possible loss of life by terrorist attacks is considered “collateral damage.”
In an exchange of tweets on Feb. 15, John Schindler, former NSA analyst and national security columnist for the Observer answered a question asking what he thought was going on at the NSA right now. Schneider responded, citing a friend in the intelligence community reference to Trump:

Which begs a bigger question than the unethical alliance between the CIA, Bezos and his Washington Post:
Could Trump be impeached? Of is he in danger of befalling the same fate as President Kennedy? Being a previous “anti-establishment” president, Kennedy sought to disengage from the Vietnam conflict and dissolve the Federal Reserve, but was assassinated.
Actions that directly impacted the CIA and wealthy elitists.



ARTICLE
WikiLeaks has released emails showing that newly appointed DNC chairman, Tom Perez, colluded with Hillary Clinton’s campaign in order to destroy and “take down” Bernie Sanders during the primary race. 
During the 2016 campaign, WikiLeaks released a series of incriminating emails from John Podesta’s email account.
One of the emails, written by Tom Perez, shows the DNC leader colluding with the Hillary camp in order to destroy Bernie’s chances at the primaries.
The email is in regards to Latino support for Hillary Clinton.
Perez tells John Podesta that he will be appearing on Telemundo to “trumpet” Hillary’s strong support among Hispanics while sticking a “fork” in Bernie.

Congrats again. While I recognize that the mother load is Texas, I am very excited about Massachusetts. 
I know it is not yet done, but it is looking good. 
I also look forward to my appearance on Telemundo tomorrow where I can trumpet her strong support among Latinos and put a fork once and for all in the false narrative about Bernie and Latinos. Congrats
This email is noteworthy because recently Perez refused to comment on allegations as to whether the Democrat primaries were rigged against Bernie.

It seems obvious now that Mr. Perez himself played a large part in “forking” Senator Sanders.



ARTICLE
A former White House Budget Director has warned that the U.S. Treasury could run out of money by June 2017, sparking riots and civil unrest across America. 
According to an interview with David Stockman, a controversial deal made between former Speaker of the House John Boehner and former President Barack Obama in 2015, will result in the “mother of all debt ceiling crises,” by the summer of 2017 which will see a giant “fiscal bloodbath” for Americans.
“I think what people are missing is this date, March 15th 2017. That’s the day that this debt ceiling holiday that Obama and Boehner put together right before the last election in October of 2015. 
That holiday expires. The debt ceiling will freeze in at $20 trillion. It will then be law. It will be a hard stop. 
The Treasury will have roughly $200 billion in cash. We are burning cash at a $75 billion a month rate. By summer, they will be out of cash. Then we will be in the mother of all debt ceiling crises. Everything will grind to a halt. I think we will have a government shutdown. There will not be Obama Care repeal and replace. 
There will be no tax cut. There will be no infrastructure stimulus. There will be just one giant fiscal bloodbath over a debt ceiling that has to be increased and no one wants to vote for.”
Superstation95.com reports:
With about $200 Billion in cash on-hand, and with the Treasury burning through about $75 Billion a month, this means the United States government will run out of cash sometime in June.  Stockman says:
In a typical month we have 250 to 300 billion in revenue coming in… that will easily cover the debt service for a month… that will readily cover social security and other critical payments… but when it comes to paying grants to state and local governments, contractors, or the Army Corp of Engineers, or the Pentagon, or a whole range of other activities, if you don’t have the cash you put the bills in the drawer…
I think that is what’s going to shock the system… and it will scare the living bejeezus out of Wall Street and financial marketsbecause then you won’t have a sudden clarification or resolution to the problem.. and that could go on for days and weeks.
…
This is going to be a maelstrom like we’ve never seen before and the markets are not even remotely prepared for this… Fundamentals don’t matter anymore… nothing is being discounted… it’s all raging robo-machines and day traders thinking that somebody is going to come to their rescue no matter how  absurd the bubble gets or how extended the whole system becomes.
Stockman claims the fall out will be fast and unprecedented in its scale.  He goes on to say:
There is going to be a recession… and there is going to be no stimulus left to bail it out… and neither Trump or the Wall Street gamblers even remotely understand.
…
I see [President Trump] as the great disruptor… I don’t see him as someone who is going to bring about a solution… We have to have the system blow up first for all practical purposes… I think he does not yet understand the magnitude of the problem… the incorrigibility of what he’s inherited.
…He doesn’t realize that this problem he is inheriting is a thousand times greater than anything he ever imagined… this is a monster.
…
Everything leaks and we’re learning in the Trump administration they’re as leak-prone as any I have seen… so it’s all going to leak out… and the stock market…the casino… is going to begin to realize the fact that there is no plan…there is no big fiscal stimulus… the whole system is heading into some kind of crash landing and that’s going to change the manic delusions that are underway today.
While no one in Congress wants to vote to increase the debt ceiling, there really is no choice.
But Congress may have another agenda – getting rid of Trump.  And they may just be willing to allow this catastrophe to happen so they can blame it on Trump!
But what Congress may not bank on, is that Trump sees what’s coming and may just start issuing LAYOFF Notices to vast swaths of the federal government BEFORE the cash runs out.
At that point, Trump will have done what is necessary, and blaming him won’t work.
Then, too, let’s just examine for a moment, what it would mean if Food Stamps (SNAP), Welfare, Section 8, and the like, all end in June.  By July, the savages will be on the rampage nationwide because their EBT Cards are useless!
But perhaps that’s the plan?  Perhaps it is long overdue for a complete meltdown of American society in its present form?  From June, forward – after the bloodbath — only the strong would survive.  Maybe that’s what some are looking to do?
Stay tuned, folks, this could get ugly.



ARTICLE
President Trump blasted the DNC Chair race as “totally rigged” on Sunday, claiming that Hillary Clinton and her goons still run the Democrat party.
In a scathing tweet, Trump claimed that the newly elected DNC chair, Tom Perez, was chosen by Hillary Clinton because of his anti-Bernie Sanders agenda.
Sanders backed failed chair hopeful Keith Ellison, who also had strong support from big names in the party such as Chuck Schumer and New York Myor Bill De Blasio.
Despite this, however, Clinton’s favourite ,Tom Perez, was declared the winner against all the odds.

MSN.com reports:
Former Labor Secretary Tom Perez on Saturday defeated Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) to become the next DNC chairman in a win for centrist Democrats.
The race split along establishment-grassroots lines and in many ways mirrored the divisive 2016 presidential primary between Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Hillary Clinton.
Sanders and many of his allies backed Ellison, the first-ever Muslim elected to Congress and a star on the left.
“Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!” Trump tweeted on Sunday, sparking a response from the new DNC chairman.




ARTICLE
A new poll conducted by the WSJ and NBC reveals that the majority of the American public trust Donald Trump more than the mainstream media. 
According to the poll, most Americans see the Trump administration as more “truthful” than the mainstream news media, and most people have found the media’s coverage of Trump “too critical”.
Zerohedge.com reports:
Furthermore, a majority of those polled, some 53%, also believes that the news media have exaggerated problems in the Trump administration. 45% say that is not the case.
79% of those whose primary news source is Fox News agreed with the statement that “the news media and other elites are exaggerating the problems of the Trump administration, because they are uncomfortable and threatened by the kind of change that Trump represents.” Even large numbers of more-liberal MSNBC audience, 40%, thought that the media had overstated the problems.
The poll failed to provide insight into whether the escalating feud between Trump and the press is working in Trump’s, or the media’s favor: as the WSJ notes, “it isn’t clear what role Mr. Trump’s barrage of attacks on the fairness and credibility of the press has played in shaping the majority’s opinion that coverage of his administration has been too negative.”
Trump’s most recent attack on the mainstream media took place at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday, when he bashed the media’s use of unnamed government sources and called on reporters to stop the common journalistic practice of reporting news gathered from anonymous sources.
That said, the survey respondents offered strong reactions, both positive and negative, to the president’s outspoken critiques of the media. “I think his views about the press being fake news is horrible and I think it is a fascist viewpoint,” said one respondent.
Others disagreed, and said Trump’s assault of the media has been warranted due its “one-sided” coverage. Another person said Trump, in critiques such as calling some mainstream news organizations ”fake,” is doing what he said he would do during his campaign. After covering President Barack Obama for eight years, the media “don’t know what to do with someone who has a different opinion, which is half the country,” the respondent said.
Separately, in the same poll, Trump’s job approval rating stood at just 44 percent, a record low for a newly inaugurated commander-in-chief, and half of Americans say that his early challenges suggest unique and systemic problems with his administration. The new rating comes two days before Trump is set to address a joint session of Congress, a State of the Union-style speech in which new presidents typically lay out their vision for the country.


To be expected, Trump’s approval split was vast between republicans and democrats. The president’s personal favorability rating stood at 85% positive among Republicans, compared to just 34% positive among independents and nine% among Democrats.

While only 30 percent of those polled overall say that Trump is off to a “great start,” 63 percent of Republicans agree. A similar share of Democrats – 58 percent – say that Trump’s lack of policy knowledge and his temperament demonstrate that he is not up to the job of being president. In the poll, conducted February 18-22, 48% of Americans said they disapprove of Trump’s performance as president and 32% said that his first month in office demonstrates that he is not up to the job. Asked about early challenges in the first month of his presidency, 52% called the issues “real problems” that are specific to his administration, while 43 percent of Americans attributed them to typical “growing pains” for any new president.

Some details from the poll:
Trump retains net positive scores on his decisiveness (net positive 29 percent), his ability to “get things done,” (net positive 12 percent) and his fitness to deal with the economy (net positive 11 percent). Six-in-ten Americans said they are hopeful and optimistic about the future of the country, including an overwhelming 87 percent of Republicans (but just 37 percent of Democrats). And a majority of respondents to the poll – 57 percent – also said that Trump is likely to “bring real change in the direction of the country.” Among those who think Trump is likely to bring change, 63 percent believe those changes will be positive, while 30 percent disagree. On the other hand, Trump continues to register particularly dismal ratings when it comes to his temperament, with just 18 percent giving his demeanor a thumbs up compared to 55 percent who rank it as poor.

In short: democrats hate Trump, republicans (still) think Trump is great. Hardly surprising.
So how does Trump’s approval rating compare to the media? A survey from last September found that Americans’ trust in the mass media dropped to its lowest level in Gallup polling history. Just 32% said they had a great deal or fair amount of trust in the media, compared with 53% in 1997. In other words, even at his “record low” 44% approval rating, Americans still seem to have more faith in the president than the media, even as both are engaged in a brutal feud with each other.



ARTICLE
Robert Kennedy Jr dropped a Trump bombshell live on CNN, saying that Donald Trump could be “the greatest president in history.“
To liberals, there is nothing worse than if a liberal says that President Donald Trump is not a bad guy. Unless they do it live on CNN. And that liberal happens to be a Kennedy.
Then it’s a lot worse.
Don Lemon started by asking Robert Kennedy Jr how he felt about comparisons between the Trump family and the Kennedys. Of course Lemon assumed that RFK Jr would shoot that line of thinking down.
Lemon wasn’t prepared for what came next.
“Well I think Donald Trump can be any kind of president he wants. He has this extraordinary opportunity because he’s coming into office less burdened by obligation than probably any president in our history, with the possible exception of Andrew Jackson,” Robert Kennedy Jr said.
“Both of them, Jackson and Trump, came in, people were sickened, people were outraged, and he became, unless you were an American Indian, a very good president at defending the country against corporate power, and really democratizing American in many ways.
“He said to Leonardo di Caprio that he wants to be the next Teddy Roosevelt, and he can easily do that.“
Lemon was in shock at this point, and wasn’t sure how to fill the final seconds of the interview. He stumbled and asked a question that didn’t even make sense: “Do you think the new Kennedys, do you think that’s a fair competition?”
“Like I said, I think he can be any kind of president he wants, I think he can be the greatest president in history,” Robert Kennedy Jr said.
A liberal environmental lawyer praising Trump? And he’s a top Democrat and a Kennedy? It doesn’t get any worse for CNN and liberals.




ARTICLE
Dick Cheney deliberately allowed hundreds of U.S. soldiers to be poisoned in Iraq, according to stunning revelations made by a former Marine and Army sergeant. 
According to Joseph Hickman, almost 1,000 soldiers and local civilians in Iraq were exposed to constant streams of toxic smoke from the practise of burning of waste in dangerous ‘burn pits’.
Dick Cheney’s Halliburton empire operated around 250 burn pits, which contributed to Halliburton’s $40 billion dollar profit during the Iraq war.
Thefreethoughtproject.com reports:
“Every type of waste imaginable” was burned, including “tires, lithium batteries, asbestos insulation, pesticide containers, Styrofoam, metals, paints, plastic, medical waste and even human corpses.”
This reprehensible practice proves yet again that nothing is sacred when it comes to the military machine.
Just as the U.S. laid waste to Vietnam’s human health and jungle environment with Agent Orange, it wrecked human health and environmental quality in Iraq. That country will suffer from this toxicity for decades, as evidenced by sharp increases in birth defects and cancer and leukemia rates.
Likewise, U.S. veterans and their families are bearing the brunt of this travesty.
“The Burn Pits: The Poisoning of America’s Soldiers” begins with the story of a healthy young soldier sent to Iraq who was constantly exposed to smoke from burn pits. When he returned home with respiratory problems, the Veterans Administration (VA) denied him care, and he later developed brain cancer and died.
Those who do survive are having children with birth defects at a rate three times higher than normal, according to the book. The denial of medical coverage by the VA for burn pit-related illnesses is a central strategy in denying that burn pits even posed a health hazard.
Beau Biden, the son of vice president Joe Biden, died of brain cancer after serving in Iraq in the vicinity of burn pits. Even this tragedy, which is similar to many stories of exposure and death, never brought attention to the issue of burn pits.
Salon interviewed author Joseph Hickman, who provided even more shocking details, and how the Department of Defense (DoD) does all it can to keep this knowledge from the public.
“I think the Department of Defense does its best to squash this story and so does Veterans Affairs. They really don’t want this out at all.”
Hickman interviewed one former KBR employee who was very reluctant to even talk about burn pits for fear of repercussions, as he was harassed by KBR when he previously came forward about the issue. By using private contractors for such operations, the DoD facilitates these egregious assaults on human and environmental health because contractors are not held to the standards of the military.
This dependency on contractors feeds their tendency for carelessness. According to Hickman, the upper management said at one point, “If they’re going to investigate us over these burn pits, don’t worry about it. If we pull out, they can’t run this base.”
The U.S. government, in its effort to conceal the impact of burn pits, even managed to influence a World Health Organization report that downplayed the effects. It stands in stark contrast to several independent researchers who found large increases in birth defects, leukemia, cancer and other carcinogenic diseased in populations living near burn pits.
“There’s a large group of epidemiologists that absolutely believe that that report was influenced by the U.S. government. Dr. Mozhgan Savabieasfahani, a widely respected environmental toxicologist, has been there and seen the birth defects and how we literally destroyed that country with pollution. There are birth defects there that don’t even have medical names yet.”
The evidence compiled by Hickman and presented in his book makes it downright criminal for the DoD and politicians to continue denying the issue. When veterans suffering from burn-pit illnesses contact their Congressmen, there is silence because they are in bed with the defense industry.
General David Petraeus and other top DoD officials have denied the health effects of burn pits, but veterans have no recourse because they can’t sue the government. There is a lawsuit against KBR, but the DoD will not acknowledge that the burn pits were misused.
While politicians and military brass issue patriotic platitudes about honoring those who serve their country, the reality is that soldiers are just a name and a number, and they’re thrown away when the military machine is done with them. Defense corporations reap billions as veterans and local populations suffer sickness and death.
Please share this article in the hope that exposure can force accountability for the toxic legacy of burn pits.



ARTICLE
Billions of dollars worth of gold is being unearthed below the displaced Oroville dam spill, which authorities fear will spark a ‘gold rush’. 
Millions of cubic yards of “virgin soil” and bedrock are being displaced below the Oroville dam. The impressive amounts of earth being moved exceeds the amounts seen during the gold rush era of the 1800s in the same era.
Beforeitsnews.com reports:
The area is heavily guarded, patrolled by several agencies, some have little to do with earth moving.
Several workers were fired for posting pictures of the spillway online.
The spillway is designed exactly like a giant sluice box.
Water will continue to destroy the mountainside and expose new earth well into summer 2017.
Gold will accumulate just downstream of the spillway in cracks and veins.
If the entire dam goes, billions of dollars of gold will be unearthed.
Oroville Lake is the site of the submerged gold mine of Bidwell Bar, one of the first to begin the California Gold Rush. The native Maidu Indians were tricked into trading gold rocks for items of very little value. The MAURU-tanian King Juba of North Africa ruled over the port of OPHIR, where Solomon received his gold once every 3 years.
Oroville was originally named Ophir City, after the gold port of Solomon in North Africa. Yuba is the Berber pronounciation of King Juba, a North African Roman ruler, who was married to the daughter of Cleopatra.
Mount Ophir, further south, was the location of the very first Gold Coin Mint in California run by the Assayer, Humbert.
Is state sponsored Freemason gold mining at the expense of taxpayer dollars and public safety now underway? The heavily guarded, media censored spillway, and stretches of river beneath it, may yield billions of dollars in GOLD as tons of rock and sediment have been dislodged from the mountainside. As soon as water levels subside this summer, let the new California gold rush begin!!! The state will most certainly pick clean the off limits areas. But, you can bet that further downstream there wil be gold to be had.
The videos below delve deeper into all the proof surrounding this very peculiar dam and its history!





ARTICLE
A Clinton Campaign whistleblower says he fears for his life after exposing illegal fundraising tactics used by the Clintons. 
In a newly surfaced ‘insurance video’, former Clinton Campaign fundraiser, Johnny Chung, claims that he has so many incriminating secrets on the Clinton’s and the Democrats that a bounty has placed on his head.
Chung, who is in hiding, says that he has proof that Bill and Hilary Clinton illegally funneled money from Chinese officials to Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election bid in an exclusive video obtained by the Daily Mail:

The Chinese-American Clinton fundraiser recorded the ‘elaborate videotaped testimony’ while in hiding in 2000.
He smuggled it to trusted friends and family with instructions to release it to the media in the event of his untimely death because he believed he was at risk of being assassinated.
Chung is believed to still be alive and living in China.
Shtfplan.com reports:
It seems that there were some implicit threats being made against him from within the system just ahead of his testimony. His FBI protection was lifted and he was tauntingly instructed to ‘call 911’ if he felt his life was in danger.
If one reads between the lines, and it seems clear that a threat was made against Chung to coerce him into keeping his mouth shut and saying nothing that could indict the sitting President, the First Lady or their network of operatives.
Chung described on the tape how Democrats on the House Committee on Government Reform tried to dissuade him from testifying publicly before the committee by sending his attorney a letter telling him he could plead the Fifth Amendment.
[…]
The FBI in Los Angeles began providing around-the-clock protection for him. But just a few days before Chung was scheduled to testify before a grand jury, the FBI headquarters in Washington called off the protection detail and told Chung he would have to make the trip alone.
[…]
‘I called the FBI office and offered to [speak with] the US assistant attorney again on the phone,’ said Chung. ‘And he said ‘Mr. Chung your case is over. As a normal American citizen what do you do if you feel your life is in danger? You just call 911.’
Chung’s connections to elite Chinese businessmen apparently went all the way to the top of the chain. It is evident that a foreign power influenced the iconic American president to the point of buying him out.
This is just the top of the iceberg, and you can feel it.



ARTICLE
The FBI has announced that claims suggesting Donald Trump was in contact with Russian officials before the election are “complete bullshit.”
Following reports that White House Chief-of-staff Reince Priebus asked the FBI to dispute allegations of Russian interferance, senior administration officials insist that the FBI came to Priebus to express their contempt for the Trump-Russia allegations, which appear to have been invented by the Democrats.
Talkingpointsmemo.com reports:
The officials told reporters that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe brought up to Priebus during a one-on-one meeting on Feb. 15 that a New York Times story on the subject was “bullshit,” according to a White House pool report.
CNN reported on Thursday that the FBI had refused a request from Priebus to publicly push back on the Times’ report about Trump aides being in communication with Russian officials.
Both CNN and the Associated Press reported that discussion about the Times’ story originated with a conversation between McCabe and Priebus.
The senior administration officials said Friday that after learning about the FBI’s views on the Times report, Priebus asked McCabe, “What can we do about this?” McCabe told Priebus that he’d get back to him, prompting Preibus to let McCabe know he was getting “crushed” by the Times story, per the pool report.
The officials said McCabe later called Priebus and told him, “We’d love to help but we can’t get into the position of making statements on every story.”
But when Priebus asked McCabe if he could cite senior intelligence officials who said the report was false, McCabe replied “yes,” according to the pool report.
FBI Director James Comey himself later called Priebus to reaffirm that the story was inaccurate, but the agency could not make a statement, the officials told reporters.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Friday also railed against CNN, which first reported that a White House official had asked the FBI to publicly counter the New York Times’ reporting, according to the pool report.



ARTICLE
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) has unanimously decided to ignore the will of the voters and has rejected a ban on corporate lobbying donations. 
Despite the Clinton campaign losing last years presidential election due to the myriad of accusations of pay for play, and undue influence from Wall Street and Big Pharma, the DNC has decided to stick with Clinton amid a furious backlash from ordinary voters.
A majority of the 422 members voted against Resolution 33 by California DNC member Christine Pelosi, which called for a total ban on corporate PAC donations and an end to the DNC chair appointing registered federal corporate lobbyists to serve as at-large members.
Townhall.com reports:
Democratic National Committee members voted on policy before picking their next chairman or chairwoman in Atlanta on Saturday.
First up was a vote on whether or not to ban donations from registered federal corporate lobbyists.
The committee struck down the resolution because “they feared it would limit donations from liberal activist groups at a time when the party is in the throes of a massive rebuilding projects,” according to The Hill.
Progressives, as you can imagine, were disappointed in the outcome.


Is this first vote an indication that the committee is going to elect an establishment Democrat?



ARTICLE
The bill, SB1142, lumps rioting in with racketeering and organized crime.
People attending peaceful protests that turn violent could see their assets forfeited by law.
Even if a person has not committed any violence, their mere presence at the protest is enough to be treated as an organized criminal, “guilty by association.”
Racketeering charges will be leveled against organizers with police eying demonstrators as potential criminals. There are at least 10 states proposing bills to restrict public protests with North Dakota going as far as allowing DAPL protesters to be legally ran over by cars.
Common Dreams reports:
The law, SB 1142, also expands the definition of a riot to include any damage to property, and allows police to make arrests when they suspect a protest will turn violent—even before it actually has.
The Arizona Capital Times explains:
[T]he real heart of the legislation is what Democrats say is the guilt by association—and giving the government the right to criminally prosecute and seize the assets of everyone who planned a protest and everyone who participated. And what’s worse, said Sen. Steve Farley, D-Tucson, is that the person who may have broken a window, triggering the claim there was a riot, might actually not be a member of the group but someone from the other side.
“This is a total perversion of the RICO [Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations] process, the racketeering process, and I see major Constitutional issues down the line,” Farley told the Associated Press. “I don’t think this is going to do anything but get us into more lawsuits.”
The chilling of First Amendment rights in Arizona comes as Republican-dominated state legislatures push a wave of anti-protest legislation nationwide.
While voting for the law, right-wing state sentors used the justification that protesters upset with the Trump administration’s agenda are paid provocateurs, a conspiracy theory often touted by President Donald Trump and other right-wingers.
“You now have a situation where you have full-time, almost professional agent-provocateurs that attempt to create public disorder,” Sen. John Kavanagh, a Republican, told the Arizona Capitol Times. “A lot of them are ideologues, some of them are anarchists. But this stuff is all planned.”
Moreover, by including protesters under racketeering laws, the police would be empowered to arrest organizers in the planning stages of an event. “Wouldn’t you rather stop a riot before it starts?” Kavanagh, a former police officer, asked the senate during a floor debate.
Will Gaona, policy director for the ACLU of Arizona, noted that the states’ police unions pushed for the bill:

“I’m fearful that ‘riot’ is in the eyes of the beholder and that this bill will apply more strictly to minorities and people trying to have their voice heard,” Sen. Andrea Dalessandro, a Democrat from Green Valley, told the Capitol Times.
SB 1142 is now headed to the Arizona House for a vote.



ARTICLE
CNN, BBC, New York Times, LA Times, New York Daily News, Daily Mail, BuzzFeed, Politico and others are among the news outlets that were barred from attending Friday afternoon’s off-camera briefing with press secretary Sean Spicer at the White House.
The Anti Media reports:
Just hours after President Donald Trump launched his latest rhetorical (and predictable) attack on the press during a speech to right-wing activists, CNN and other outlets have reportedly been blocked from attending Friday afternoon’s press briefing at the White House.

CNN reports:
“The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, and Politico were also excluded from the meeting, which is known as a gaggle and is less formal than the traditional Q-and-A session in the White House briefing room.
“The Associated Press and Time magazine boycotted the briefing because of how it was handled. The White House Correspondents Association is protesting.
“The conservative media organizations Breitbart News, The Washington Times and One America News Network were allowed in.”
The cable news outlet reported that its correspondents who were barred entry were offered “no immediate explanation” from White House staff about why they had been denied.
The move, described as “unprecedented” by reporters and journalism experts, comes a day after CNN reported that White House chief of staff Reince Priebus had attempted to get the FBI to push back against reporting by several outlets, including the Times and CNN, that there had been consistent communications between members of the Trump campaign and transition teams and Russian government officials.
In a statement, the White House Correspondents’ Association decried the move.
“The WHCA board is protesting strongly against how today’s gaggle is being handled by the White House,” said Jeff Mason, the group’s president. “We encourage the organizations that were allowed in to share the material with others in the press corps who were not. The board will be discussing this further with White House staff.”
During his earlier speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland, Trump repeatedly attacked the news media and called reporters supplying negative or critical coverage of his administration an”the enemy of the people.”



ARTICLE
More than 300 climate scientists have urged President Trump to withdraw from the U.N.’s climate change agency, warning that its climate change policies cause serious economic harm and exacerbate poverty — without providing the claimed environmental benefits.
In a letter to President Trump, delivered Thursday, MIT professor emeritus Richard Lindzen calls on the United States and other nations to “change course on an outdated international agreement that targets minor greenhouse gases,” starting with carbon dioxide.
“Since 2009, the US and other governments have undertaken actions with respect to global climate that are not scientifically justified and that already have, and will continue to cause serious social and economic harm — with no environmental benefits,” said Mr. Lindzen, a prominent atmospheric physicist.
“Restricting access to fossil fuels has very negative effects upon the wellbeing of people around the world,” he says in his letter. “It condemns over 4 billion people in still underdeveloped countries to continued poverty.”
Washington Times reports:
Signers of the attached petition include the U.S. and international atmospheric scientists, meteorologists, physicists, professors and others taking issue with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change [UNFCCC], which was formed in 1992 to combat “dangerous” climate change.
The 2016 Paris climate accord, which sets nonbinding emissions goals for nations, was drawn up under the auspices of the UNFCCC.
“Observations since the UNFCCC was written 25 years ago show that warming from increased atmospheric CO2 will be benign — much less than initial model predictions,” says the petition.
Mr. Trump said during the campaign he would “cancel” U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement, which was ratified in September by former President Barack Obama over the objections of Senate Republicans, who argued that the accord requires Senate ratification under the U.S. Constitution.
Myron Ebell, a Competitive Enterprise Institute scholar who led the Trump transition team on the Environmental Protection Agency, told reporters last month in London that the president would pull out of the Paris Agreement.
Advocates for climate change policies have called for Mr. Trump to honor the agreement, under which nations agree to enact policies to keep the increase in global temperatures this century under 2 degrees Celsius from pre-industrial levels.
Last week the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops reaffirmed its support for the Paris Agreement in a letter to Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, saying the agreement is “urgently needed if we are to meet our common and differentiated responsibilities for the effects of climate change.”
More than 700 companies and investors have signed onto a statement urging Mr. Trump to abide by the Paris accord coordinated by nine environmental groups, including the American Sustainable Business Council, the Environmental Defense Fund and the World Wildlife Fund.
“Failure to build a low-carbon economy puts American prosperity at risk. But the right action now will create jobs and boost US competitiveness,” said the statement on LowCarbonUSA.org. “We pledge to do our part, in our own operations and beyond, to realize the Paris Agreement’s commitment of a global economy that limits global temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Celsius.”
Challenging the catastrophic climate change narrative, Mr. Lindzen describes carbon dioxide as “plant food, not poison.”
“Restricting access to fossil fuels has very negative effects upon the wellbeing of people around the world,” he says in his letter.
“It condemns over 4 billion people in still underdeveloped countries to continued poverty.”



ARTICLE
The United States has become a major exporter of crude oil since President Trump took office, sending a record 7 billion barrels into the world market last week.
Like all of President Trump’s campaign promises, his plan to create “complete American energy independence” and ban Saudi Arabian oil from the U.S. market is being fulfilled ahead of schedule.
During the election campaign Trump vowed to secure U.S. energy independence from “our foes and the oil cartels,” and predictably the Saudis, major donors to the Clinton campaign, were not happy with this plan.
Saudi oil minister Khalid Al-Falih warned Trump that banning Saudi oil could “seriously damage” the U.S. economy. “At his heart President-elect Trump will see the benefits and I think the oil industry will also be advising him accordingly that blocking trade in any product is not healthy,” Saudi Energy Minister and Aramco chairman Khalid Al-Falih told the Financial Times.
But the Saudi energy minister’s threats of serious damage to the American economy could not be further from the truth.  When it comes to oil production in recent years, the U.S. is right behind Saudi Arabia. Production of quality “light sweet oil” is booming and Trump is turning America into a major exporter.
There is simply no need for the U.S. to import oil and prop up a repressive regime that was exposed by WikiLeaks as providers of “financial and logistical support” for ISIS.
CNBC reports:
U.S. oil producers sent a record 7 million barrels of crude out into the world market last week, at a time when OPEC members have cut back on their own output by nearly the same amount.
Analysts say it makes sense that U.S. crude slipped into the market void created by OPEC. It may also be a glimpse into the future where the U.S. and its shale production becomes a more significant player in the world export market. The 1 million barrels a day is nearly double the week-earlier level.
“We’re raising our output and it has more than a parochial impact. It’s not so much that it makes the U.S. inventories unwieldy. It’s that it adds to the global inventory,” said Tom Kloza, head of global energy research at Oil Price Information Service. “That really is the concern in the global oil market. We tend to import the medium and heavy [grades of crude]. I’m sure most of the exports are light sweet oil.”
Energy analysts were surprised by the amount of exports, which have been running about 500,000 barrels a day, and averaged 685,000 barrels a day over four weeks. But they were not ready to say this is now a new sustainable level for U.S. exports.
“This is the future. It’s not what it was in the shale boom, where there was just too much production, and we had these big discounts for crude in the United States,” Kloza said.
OPEC and other producers held back about 890,000 barrels a day from the world market in January, under their agreement to curb output in order to support prices.
Kilduff said China may have been a bigger destination for U.S. barrels because of its purchases of U.S. shale operations, and the output cuts by other producers have possibly made an opening. He also pointed to a report on Reuters that quoted sources saying as much as 7 million barrels were lined up and heading to Asia, with 2 million chartered to China in December by PetroChina and Unipec.
“We’ve been waiting for this to happen,” said Kilduff of the export jump. “We’ll see how it goes. We’re going to face competition.” He said cargoes also go to Europe and Latin America, and Canada has been a longtime export destination.
“It’s incredible that we were able to put 9.5 million barrels into storage last week, while exporting a million barrels a day,” Kilduff said.
The U.S. even with exports continues to import oil a lot of crude. It imported 7.5 million barrels of oil last week, down from 8.8 million barrels the week earlier.
U.S. oil production has been rising, and held steady at just under 9 million barrels a day last week.



ARTICLE
What is his crime, in their eyes? Claiming that his herbal remedies, made to recipes which have been handed down by Amish for generations, are “healing.”
Mr. Girod of Owingsville, Kentucky lives on a farm with his wife, 12 children and 25 grandchildren. They practice a traditional Amish way of life and that includes the production of many healing herbal salves and remedies.
The herbs that have been healing members of the Girod family for over a century cannot be put in bottles with the word “healing” on them, according to the FDA.
Despite the fact that Mr. Girod complied with the FDA’s demands and changed the labels, the FDA have decided to make an example of him and are seeking a life sentence for the Amish grandfather’s supposed “crimes.”
Kentucky Free Press reports:
Amish farmer Sam Girod of Owingsville makes 3 products: a chickweed salve, a bloodroot salve and an essential oil blend called Sine Eze. The photo of the 3 products was just taken on my iPad on my desk. You can find similar products online. In fact, you’ll find the recipes online. You can make these products in your kitchen, it’s not rocket science.
A few years ago, the FDA came after Sam for labeling crimes — Sam said his salves could cure certain things and that’s a big FDA no-no. Sam immediately fixed the labels as per FDA demands.
But then the FDA fixated on him and just would not let go. You’ll see in the indictment. In my line of hobby work (political blogging), I’ve seen this over and over and over again. An alphabet agency gets you in its sights and just will not quit.

And why would they quit? No skin off their teeth and gives them something to do. State agencies are bad enough, but the feds… the feds are especially lawless. There is no accountability in a federal agency, they break their own rules as a matter of course.
I have a little inside info on why this persecution is taking place plus a couple of questions. “Inside info” because I’m involved in food and health freedom, so aware of persecution of other farmers around the country.
The first thing of note is that, when it comes to powerful well-funded federal agencies looking to set precedent, the Amish have a special target on their backs. Why? Because they generally don’t use lawyers which makes them easy prey. They don’t use lawyers because the Amish are self-sufficient, they know their constitutional rights and they are a peaceful community. They don’t fight back (unless lives are at stake).
The FDA is also after an enormously successful Amish farm in PA, Miller’s Organic Farm. Like Sam, the Millers have established a private club whereby only members can purchase products. As a member of Miller’s Organic Farm, I can order anything I want, including raw milk, that can be shipped to me anywhere in the country. (Read up on the Miller’s case here.)
The FDA hates the Amish and private membership clubs because club sales and products are NOT subject to FDA rules and regulations! Private memberships are protected under the Constitution’s contract clause. I can contract with anyone I want, sell them anything I made or produced, and the state may not interfere. The state, of course, hates this kind of freedom and will do anything it can to pierce that veil. Including bankrupting businesses and jailing a peaceful farmer for the rest of his life.
The FDA also seems to have a special soft spot for bloodroot salves. They’ve been persecuting makers of bloodroot salves for decades, starting with Greg Caton, jailing him twice and driving him from the country. A quick search brought up this company as well.
Two questions:
Here comes the Girod indictment.
This is pretty long but a lot the counts are basically repeats with different dates. The gov likes to pad the bill so the defendant will take a plea.
Remember, folks, we are talking about a Chickweed Salve here along with two other equally benign, non-drug products that are for sale all over the world, that I and my friends have used with no ill-effects (in fact, to good effect). Is the purpose of this prosecution to protect the public or to punish those citizens who don’t kneel at the pointy end of a bureaucrat’s pen (and, in this case, firearm)?
Case: 5:15-cr-00087 GRAND JURY CHARGES (click here to download a pdf of the indictment)
1. Defendant SAMUEL A. GIROD operated an establishment at 409 Satterfield Lane, Owingsville, KY 40360, which is in Bath County, in the Eastern District of Kentucky. This establishment, which did business under various names, including “Satterfield Naturals”, “S.A.E.G.”, and “A.M.S. Associates”, manufactured and marketed products for the treatment of various ailments, including skin disorders, cancer, and sinus infections.
NOTES: Ok. I’ve changed my business name more times than Carters got pills. Not a crime yet. Sam’s products are effective and have never hurt anyone. And, if they have hurt anyone, prove it and Sam can make restitution.
Ya know, if one person was harmed in 20+ years of thousands of people using Sam’s products, I’d say that was a pretty good track record. Hey, I know! Let’s compare that to Big Pharma’s drug safety record, ok? Even aspirin kills 11 people a year. Every. Single. Year. Just sayin’.
2. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. § 301 et seq. (“FDCA”), existed to protect the health and safety of the American public by regulating the manufacture and distribution of all drugs shipped or received in interstate commerce. The Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) was the federal agency charged with enforcing the FDCA.
NOTES: First of all, NONE of Sam’s products contain any drugs. Zero. The FDA tested all his products and Sam had an independent lab test all his products. No drugs. THIS IS CRITICAL. No drugs in anything.
While the FDA/FDCA can make labeling demands, they can’t accuse Sam of a crime having to do with manufacture or distribution of drugs if there aren’t any drugs in it. Once Sam changed his label to comply and once there were no drugs found in the ANY of the products, the FDA lost whatever jurisdiction it claimed.
3. The FDCA required persons who owned or operated an establishment engaged in the manufacture, preparation, propagation, compounding, or processing of a drug to register annually with the FDA. See 21 U.S.C. §§ 360(b)(l), (c)(l). Every establishment in which a drug was manufactured, processed, packed, or held, for introduction into interstate commerce or after such introduction was subject to inspection by the FDA. See 21 U.S.C. §§ 360(h)(l) and 374. GIROD did not register his establishment with the FDA.
NOTES: No drugs so no requirement to register.
4. GIROD manufactured and distributed a product called “Chickweed Healing Salve.” This product typically bore labeling claiming that the product was “[g]ood for skin disorders. Dry skin, cuts, burns, draws, and poison ivy.” In many cases, GIROD also distributed sales pamphlets touting the product’s effectiveness in treating skin cancer, diaper rash, fungus infections, and various other skin ailments.
NOTES: Per FDA demands, Sam changed his product labels for everything sold to the public. He even took the word “healing” off, so moot point.
5. GIROD manufactured and distributed a product called “TO-MOR-GONE.” This product typically bore labeling identifying the product as a “black salve” and a “natural herbal remedy.” In many cases, GIROD also distributed sales pamphlets touting the product’s effectiveness in removing warts, moles, and other skin growths, and stating: “TO-MOR-GONE is very good at removing tumors.” GIROD used an extract of the bloodroot plant (Sanguiniaria Canadensis) in TO-MOR-GONE. This ingredient was an escharotic agent, meaning that it had a caustic, corrosive effect on human skin.
NOTES: Again, he changed the label when told to do so. Bloodroot is not a drug, either, btw. It’s a PLANT used for thousands of years for HEALING purposes. Like a lot of other plants.
Bloodroot can have a caustic, corrosive effect on human skin, but that’s why we use it, lol. Bloodroot cures skin cancer because it burns off the cells. It’s also a drawing compound so it pulls the cancer cells to the surface, then kills them. People even take the stuff internally.
I and many of my friends have used bloodroot for years for small skin cancers, moles, small growths. Works like a charm and doesn’t leave a scar. Amazing stuff. I got mine (before I knew Sam) from altcancer.com formulated by Greg Caton, the first guy the FDA put in jail for bloodroot products.
6. GIROD manufactured and distributed a product called “R.E.P.” This product typically bore labeling that instructed the consumer as follows: “For sinus infection, put on forehead and cheeks. For breath freshener put drop on tongue.” In many cases, GIROD also distributed sales pamphlets touting the product’s effectiveness in treating sinus infections, cold symptoms, and sore throats.
NOTES: Sam took all the healing claims out of his literature for all products sold to the public. Sine Eze (the new name for R.E.P.) is amazing, by the way, a blend of essential oils. Love the stuff. Seriously. This has been sold for over 20 years, no drugs in it, Sam took all the healing claims out of the literature… where’s the beef?
7. The FDCA defined a “drug” as an article that was: (a) intended for use in the diagnosis. cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease in man; and/or (b) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man. See 21 U.S.C. § 321(g)(l)(B) and (C). Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR-GONE, and R.E.P., were “drugs,” as defined within the FDCA.
NOTES: When Sam removed the offending language, those products were no longer able to be classified as drugs by the FDCA. Plus, the products were all tested by Sam and the FDA and no actual drugs were found.
8. The FDCA prohibited the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce (or the causing thereof) of any drug that was misbranded. See 21 U.S.C. § 33 l(a).
NOTES: Not drugs, branding corrected, no longer subject to FDCA/FDA regulations.
9. A drug was misbranded if it was manufactured, prepared, propagated, compounded, or processed in an establishment that was not registered with the FDA. See 21 U.S.C. § 352(0). Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR-GONE, and R.E.P. were each manufactured, prepared, propagated, and processed in GIROD’s unregistered establishment and, thus, were each misbranded.
NOTES: Not drugs so establishment not required to be registered.
10. A drug was also misbranded unless its labeling contained “adequate directions for use.” 21 U.S.C. § 352(f)(l). Adequate directions for use were directions under which a layman “can use a drug safely and for the purposes for which it is intended.” 21 C.F.R. § 201.5. Chickweed Healing Salve and TO-MOR-GONE did not bear labeling containing adequate directions for use and, thus, were each misbranded.
NOTES: Not drugs so this requirement does not apply.
11. A drug was also misbranded unless its labeling contained a listing of each active ingredient. See 21 U.S.C. § 352(e)(l)(A)(ii). R.E.P. did not bear labeling that contained a listing of each active ingredient and, thus, was misbranded.
NOTES: Not drugs so labeling requirements do not apply.
12. A drug was also misbranded unless its labeling contained “such adequate warnings against use in those pathological conditions … where its use may be dangerous to health, or against unsafe dosage or methods or duration of administration or application, in such manner and form, as are necessary for the protection of users.” 21 U.S.C. § 352(f)(2). TO-MOR-GONE did not bear labeling warning of its caustic, corrosive effect on human skin and the scarring that could result. TO-MOR-GONE also did not bear labeling warning against its exclusive use to treat skin cancer. As such, TO-MOR-GONE was misbranded.
NOTES: Not a drug so labeling requirements do not apply. If bloodroot has its own requirements for labeling, I can’t find those requirements. That said, Sam has always complied with every labeling requirement for all products sold to the public and remains committed to doing so.
13. A drug was also misbranded if it was “dangerous to health when used in the dosage or manner, or with the frequency or duration prescribed, recommended, or suggested in the labeling thereof.” 21 U.S.C. § 352(j). TO-MOR-GONE was dangerous to health when used in the dosage, manner, frequency, and duration that was recommended and suggested in the labeling and, thus, was misbranded.
NOTES: See previous NOTES.
14. On or about September 17, 2013, the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri entered an order (hereinafter, “the injunction”) permanently restraining and enjoining GIROD from manufacturing, processing, packaging, labeling, holding, selling, or distributing certain products, until various conditions were met. The products covered by the injunction included Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR- GONE, R.E.P., and any other products similar in composition or effect to Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR-GONE, or R.E.P. The conditions under which the injunction could be lifted included: (a) GIROD’s removal from his products, labels, labeling, and promotional materials, of all claims that caused Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR- GONE, and R.E.P. to be “drugs” within the meaning of the FDCA; (b) GIROD’s removal of all extracts or components of bloodroot plant (Sanguiniaria Canadensis) from his products intended for human use; (c) the FDA’s inspection of GIROD’s establishment; and (d) the FDA’s notification to GIROD of his compliance with the terms of the injunction.
NOTES: Sam obeyed the injunction as follows:
 a) Changed the labeling on all products sold to the public as ordered.
 b) Stopped making the salve. I’m not sure how the FDA can require this since there are bloodroot salves for sale online… even on Amazon.
 c) Allowed the inspection. I’m wondering where the FDA gets its authority to demand a search when the products don’t fall under their jurisdiction?
 d) Stopped manufacturing, processing, packaging, labeling, holding, selling, or distributing certain products until a, b and c were met. He’s still not doing any manufacturing or selling which, of course, puts a cramp in the family finances.
Wondering also where the FDA gets its authority to enforce an injunction when products don’t fall under its jurisdiction.
15. The injunction pennitted [FDA typo] the FDA to inspect GIROD’s establishment, without prior notice and when reasonably deemed necessary, for five years from the date of entry of the order. Among other things, the injunction provided that these inspections would include reasonable and immediate access to buildings, equipment, raw ingredients, in-process materials, finished products, containers, packing material, labeling, and other material therein.
NOTES: Really? What gives the FDA the authority to demand this for products outside of their jurisdiction? Yes, I’m asking the same question over and over again.
16. Following the injunction, GIROD continued to manufacture, market, and distribute, in interstate commerce, Chickweed Healing Salve, TO-MOR-GONE, R.E.P., and other products similar in composition and effect. GIROD did not inform the purchasers of these products that he was under a court ordered injunction and was prohibited from distributing these products.
NOTES: I don’t believe this is true, that Sam defied the injunction, but there are a couple of points to be made here:
1. All together now: these products are not drugs so outside FDA jurisdiction.
2. There were stores all over the country selling Sam’s products. He didn’t know the names of all these stores or even the sellers. Sometimes people would come to Sam and buy lots of bulk product and drive away. That those products were still on the shelves in Podunk, Alaska is simply out of Sam’s control.
3. In the COUNTS below are several claims by the FDA that Sam continued to sell product to the public. I don’t know if that’s true but I doubt it. Sam stopped selling to the public. He did have a private membership club. That is perfectly legal although the FDA hates these clubs. Maybe these sales were through the club and the FDA is neglecting to mention that?
4. Of note is that, at this moment, the FDA is also pursuing Miller’s Organic Farm in PA for selling raw milk and organic home-processed foods all over the country. The Millers do this through their private membership club. The FDA wants to pierce this and end these clubs once and for all.
5. Remember that we are talking about a Chickweed Salve here. Is the purpose of this indictment to protect the public or to punish those citizens who don’t kneel at the pointy end of a bureaucrat’s pen (and, in this case, firearm)?



ARTICLE
The McCain Institute claims it exists to fight human trafficking, but despite receiving millions in donations from Saudi Arabia, the Rothschilds, and Bloomberg, it has been revealed that none of the money was spent on fighting human trafficking.
Funds from the McCain Presidential Campaign were also quietly funneled into the McCain Institute’s coffers raising the possibility the Institute exists as a money laundering front.
The McCain Institute is a huge operation featuring upwards of 80 people including dozens of full time staff and board members including Ashton Kutcher and Lady Lynne Forrester de Rothschild.
Saudi Arabia donated $1,000,000 to the McCain Institute in 2014 in what looks suspiciously like a Clinton Foundation style pay-for-play “donation”, leading many to believe the secret donations explain why he has a certain “viewpoints” about the Middle East, and keeps making secret trips to Syria.
The McCain Institute is a huge operation featuring upwards of 80 people including dozens of full time staff and board members including Ashton Kutcher and Lady Lynne Forrester de Rothschild. 
With millions of dollars in donations from powerful corporations, governments and billionaire bankers, not to mention John McCain’s presidential campaign money, you would think the Institute is doing all sorts of great things to stop human trafficking, right?
You’d be wrong. In 2012 the Institute donated exactly $500,000. In 2013 it was $500,000 again. In 2014 it was increased to $1,500,000.
Nice, round numbers. It’s almost as if the Institute did nothing else all year except sign one check to keep up the pretense they were actually doing what they tell the public they do.
And to whom or what did that $2.5 million go to? Some human trafficking superfighter, you would think, right?
You’d be wrong again.
It all – every last penny – went to the Arizona State University Foundation (scroll down through the tax returns to see the disclosure).
Which, by the way, does not appear to have anything whatsoever to do with human trafficking.
Are we looking at a money laundering operation here? The McCain Institute is starting to look an awful lot like the bogus Clinton Foundation.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration has opened the bidding for private companies to construct the border wall between the US and Mexico.
The request for bids, published by the Department of Homeland Security on February 24, states that bidding for work on the wall is to be conducted in two phases, with the first requiring companies to submit plans and prototypes by March 10, 2017 – less than two weeks away.
By March 24, the selection process will require the selected companies to propose prices, and multiple awards are expected to be granted by mid-April, as President Trump continues to confound his critics by fulfilling his campaign promises in record time.
Published on the Federal Business Opportunities website, the request is listed under ‘Design-Build Structure.’ The full text is as follows:
Solicitation Number: 2017-JC-RT-0001
Agency: Department of Homeland Security
Office: Customs and Border Protection
Location: Procurement Directorate – IN
The Dept. of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection (CBP) intends on issuing a solicitation in electronic format on or about March 6, 2017 for the design and build of several prototype wall structures in the vicinity of the United States border with Mexico. 
The procurement will be conducted in two phases, the first requiring vendors to submit a concept paper of their prototype(s) by March 10, 2017, which will result in the evaluation and down select of offerors by March 20, 2017. 
The second phase will require the down select of phase 1 offerors to submit proposals in response to the full RFP by March 24, 2017, which will include price. Multiple awards are contemplated by mid-April for this effort.



ARTICLE
A hacker who attempted to expose the link between the Clinton Foundation and ISIS is now facing a 42-year prison sentence. 
Timothy Sedlak delved into the Clinton Foundation computers in an attempt to publicly disclose evidence that the Foundation is guilty of providing support to terrorist networks such as ISIS in the Middle East.
WikiLeaks released evidence in 2016 that proved Hillary knew that two of her mega-donors – Qatar and Saudi Arabia – were pouring money into ISIS.
The hacking attempt by Seklek was likely part of an effort to uncover more concrete proof of the Foundation’s financial connections with terrorist organizations.
Orlandosentinel.com reports:
Prosecutors say Sedlak attempted to access the computers at the organization by trying hundreds of thousands of times to log into employees’ email accounts in 2015, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.
An official with the Department of Justice in New York, where Sedlak was prosecuted, refused to release the name of the charity organization, citing doing so would go against their normal practice.
The charity was revealed in court documents online that Reuters obtained, which were later redacted by prosecutors and put back online.
Sedlak told officials he was doing research into charities and believed the organization may have been unintentionally financing jihadist groups by sending agencies and funds to the Middle East, which are later seized by the groups.
Federal agents say Sedlak made about 400,000 attempts to gain access to the charity’s computer network by using a “brute-force” password cracking tool.
Prosecutors said the tool is designed to “launch a relentless barrage of potential passwords at an email account in an attempt to guess the account’s password.”
While searching his home, authorities found 30 computers along with notes about the organization, an executive of the agency and an individual who has been “publicly affiliated” with the charity, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
The Department of Justice did not release the names of the individuals, but Reuters reports the notes mentioned Hillary Clinton and her daughter, Chelsea.



ARTICLE
Internet sleuths have discovered that over 50% of CNN’s Twitter followers – around 16 million of them – are fake accounts purchased by CNN.
A push by the network to try and discredit the Project Veritas CNN leaks prompted internet detectives to examine CNN’s shady social media strategy.
Infowars.com reports:
An audit of CNN’s Twitter account reveals that their most recent rating reflected an abysmal 46% real followers, 54% fake.

It should be noted that this audit reflects information from four years ago, when CNN had just over 30 million followers; they now have 32 million followers.
An analysis of recent CNN tweets show that they rarely garner more than 1,000 retweets or 2,000 likes, with the average post receiving less than 500 retweets – and some as low as 25 retweets.
In contrast, President Donald Trump, who currently has 25.7 million followers and an audit rating of 73% real followers, regularly eclipses 25,000 retweets and 100,000 likes – sometimes breaking the 300,000 mark for likes.
Infowars’ Paul Joseph Watson, with a mere 512,000 followers, does traffic of which CNN can only dream – while poking fun at CNN.

A related interesting note regards CNN anchor, Chris Cuomo, who currently has 1.19 million followers.
Twitter users ran audits on his account, as of midday February 23, and returned a score of 59% real followers out of 1.19 million – of which they made him well aware.

https://twitter.com/Fitzillo/status/834908717636280322
Just hours later, Cuomo’s score was mysteriously upgraded to 96% – despite almost no change in the number of total followers.

James O’Keefe and Project Veritas have released nearly 120 hours of audio from inside CNN, and they need your help to comb through it. Learn more HERE.



ARTICLE
A senior counterintelligence official claims that agents working within the FBI and CIA are “thriving” under the Trump administration. 
Bill Evanina, the national counterintelligence executive, says media reports referring to an alleged “drop in morale” among the intelligence community are patently false.
“I don’t see a dip in morale,” he said. “The media created this morale issue.”
Dailycaller.com reports:
Evanina then added that the media should write a story about how the intelligence community is not actually suffering from a problem with low morale.
Since the Trump administration took the reins of power in late January, numerous reports have suggested that morale has dropped significantly in the intelligence community.
Former CIA Director Leon Panetta himself said recently on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that Trump was responsible for hurting morale.
“Every time he demeans the intelligence community or accuses it of leaks or accuses it of doing things that it’s not doing, that obviously impacts on the morale of that institution,” Panetta said.
Back in early January, then-Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told the Senate that Trump’s public criticism of the intelligence community was likely putting a damper on enthusiasm.
Clapper also admitted that the agency hadn’t done any formal assessment of workforce attitudes.
“We haven’t done a climate survey, but I hardly think it helps,” he said.
In that same month, former CIA Director Michael Morell said that Trump’s questioning of the source of hacks that occurred during the 2016 presidential election undermined morale.
In December, former Secretary of Defense William Cohen said Trump’s attacks on the CIA will reduce morale.
But so far, these assessments have been delivered by high-level officials, most of them Obama appointees, as opposed to coming from analysts themselves and other on-the-ground staffers in the intelligence community.
Evanina delivered his remarks at a briefing Thursday put on by the cybersecurity think tank Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology.



ARTICLE
Democrats are holding an emergency meeting this weekend in order to devise a cunning strategy that will allow them to wage ‘all out war’ against president Trump. 
Democrat Party leaders will hold various secret closed-door meetings on Saturday and Sunday in order to focus their attention on undermining and bringing down the Trump presidency, rather than focus on fixing internal party problems.
Dailycaller.com reports:
Following the election that devastated the party’s power at every level of government, some in the party were considering a strategy of working with the Trump administration to get things done.
Indeed, Trump has signaled he would be willing to cross the aisle to achieve some less-than-conservative policy changes he has taken up.
But senior party officials told The New York Times that option is likely off the table, and those inside the party who favor an aggressively confrontational strategy will win out.
“Democrats have all but cast aside any notion of conciliation with the White House,” The NYT reports. “Instead, they are mimicking the Republican approach of the last eight years — the ‘party of no’ — and wagering that brash obstruction will pay similar dividends.”
Leaders of the party will meet this weekend to hash it out, but are unlikely to dismiss the clear call from their base to wage “no less than total war against President Trump.”
Because of their weakened position, however, the party has few tools at their disposal with which to wage the war. “Rarely have Democrats been so weakened,” The NYT notes.
Republicans control the White House, the Congress, and the balance of power in the Supreme Court, as well as both the legislature and the governorship of 24 states.
“They want us to impeach him immediately,” Kentucky Democrat Rep. John Yarmuth told The NYT, referring to angry Democrat voters. “And of course we can’t do that by ourselves.”



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has vowed to conduct the “greatest military build-up in American history,” as part of his fight against ISIS. 
In a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on Friday, Trump told the audience that his promise to defeat ISIS was number one on his agenda.
Presstv.com reports:
Trump said the military buildup is necessary to fight against the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group and because the US does not “win anymore” in wars.
“We don’t win anymore. When was the last time we won? Did we win a war? Did we win anything? Do we win anything?” Trump asked.
“We’re also put nothing a massive budget request for our beloved military. We will be substantially upgrading all of our military, all of our military, offensive, defensive, everything, bigger and better and stronger than ever before. And hopefully, we’ll never have to use it, but nobody’s gonna mess with us,” he added.
“It will be one of the greatest military build-ups in American history. No one will dare question as they have been because we’re very depleted, very, very depleted. Sequester. Sequester. Nobody will dare question our military might again. We believe in peace through strength and that’s what we will have,” Trump said.
The US president said Washington has “spent trillions of dollars overseas, while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into total disrepair and decay,” a stark contradiction of his previous remarks.
Trump lashed out at his predecessors for spending huge amounts of money on wars in the Middle East.
“If our presidents would have gone to the beach for 15 years the Middle East would have been in better shape”, he said.
Trump also repeated his election campaign call for building a wall on the US-Mexico border and renewed his harsh criticism of the media, describing the press as “fake news..”
“They (media) are the enemy of the people, because they have no sources. They just make ’em up when there are none,” he said..
“I am only against the fake news media or press – fake, fake. They have to leave that word. I’m against the people that make up stories and make up sources. They shouldn’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody’s name,” Trump said.
The US president is under fire by news outlets for his controversial  policies, particularly his executive orders and his advisors’ alleged contacts with Russia.
Earlier on Friday, Trump criticized the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for failing to stop leaks of national security information to the media and directed the agency to find those who pass on classified information.
“The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ‘leakers’ that have permeated our government for a long time. They can’t even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on US FIND NOW,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
His remarks came amid media reports saying the FBI rejected a request by the White House to publicly dispute media reports that Trump’s campaign advisers kept regular contacts with Russian intelligence agents during the 2016 presidential election.



ARTICLE
On Feb. 15 at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., they publicly discussed efforts to examine links between mercury and vaccination and expose the massive corruption that is prevalent today in the vaccine industry.
Complacent Big Pharma, with their control of scientific study and dialogue, could be behind an outbreak of autism and other neurological disorders in children.
The Free Thought Project reports:
The Hollywood legend and Kennedy announced their partnership with the World Mercury Project, which was founded in November 2016, with the goal being to “find a missing piece of research associated with mercury.”
The group announced a $100,000 reward for research into exposing the connection between mercury and developmental abnormalities in children — noting that the majority of the current body of research has been tainted by conflicts of interest relating to those conducting the studies.

Kennedy currently serves as Chairman of the nonprofit advocacy group, while De Niro has publicly supported the group’s mission in the past. According to its website, the WMP works to “create a world free of the devastating effects of mercury.”
The group has publicly spoken out about against vaccines with mercury, and argue those vaccines have caused an increase in neurological disorders among children.
During the press conference, Kennedy noted that there is a vast censorship regime taking place in America, due to the massive amounts of money involved in Big Pharma, that disallows any public discussion about the issue of vaccines – with those attempting to do so being labeled “anti-vaccine” as a means of marginalizing them.
Kennedy said that he is “pro-vaccine,” but wants “safe vaccines.”
He went on to note that he has worked tirelessly as an environmental crusader to get rid of mercury contamination in fish, due to the extreme danger inherent to humans, but has never been called “anti-fish.” So why, because he wants to get rid of mercury in vaccines, is he considered “anti-vaccine?”
Is there really a danger in engaging in specific research intended on determining if mercury in vaccines are causing developmental abnormalities? If the pharmaceutical industry is so confident in their mercury-containing vaccines not causing these abnormalities, then theoretically they should be the first ones to jump at the opportunity to prove how harmless these vaccines are.
One would think the industry would readily embrace an opportunity to show the veracity of their product if they are as safe as claimed.
Sarah Bridges, who attended the press conference today at the National Press Club, is a PhD neuropsychologist and mother of six who lives in Minneapolis. Sarah has a vaccine-injured child with autism and seizures who actually won her case in the Vaccine Court and had this to say:
De Niro came to the public forefront of the vaccine debate after he faced push back in 2016 when he planned to show the documentary “Vaxxed” at his Tribeca film festival, which was eventually pulled from the lineup after public and behind the scenes pressure mounted.
“To me, there was no reason not to see the movie,” De Niro told Vulture after the festival. “The movie is not hurting anybody. It says something. It said something to me that was valid.”
At the time, De Niro hinted that he and the mega-producer Harvey Weinstein were planning to create a documentary film potentially focused on the massive financial incentives underpinning the vaccine manufacturing industry, as well as dubious ties between pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies.
After “Vaxxed” was pulled from Tribeca, the Hollywood legend went on the Today show to defend his original stance of wanting to screen the documentary, noting that there was “no reason” to pull the film. The documentary was allegedly pulled due to threats from other filmmakers, which De Niro believed could negatively impact the film festival.
When Today host Willie Geist attempted to point out that there is an overwhelming amount of scientific research that has found no link between vaccines and autism, De Niro quickly responded.
De Niro went on to explain that he believes there is a potential link between autism and the ingredients in vaccines, highlighting a documentary called “Trace Amounts.” The film star pointed out that he isn’t anti-vaccine, but simply wants safe vaccines, noting that he is the father of an autistic child.
Kennedy and De Niro obviously realize the power residing within the pharmaceutical industry, as De Niro pointed out that even talking about this conceptual project could make “something happen.”
The vaccine industry has a vested financial interest in not allowing a broad public discussion to be had about vaccines. The “something happens” De Niro nebulously refers to would most likely consist of the large financial powers at the root of big pharma leaning on any movie studio or media outlet bold enough to allow actual discussion about vaccine safety.
In January, Kennedy met with President Donald Trump, who has previously criticized vaccines. Kennedy intimated that Trump had asked him to lead a new commission on vaccines, though a source later said the commission was still in discussion.
The idea that people can question ‘big pharma’ corruption when it comes to dangerous pills, responsible for killing thousands and the subject of countless class action lawsuits, and then resort to name calling and ridicule when other people question those same companies over the safety of vaccines, is preposterous. Either you are for safe medicine or you are not. It is as simple as that.
In an open letter to the media, Kennedy and De Niro summed this ridicule up perfectly.
Certainly, Big Pharma should have no problems with a more intense investigation detailing the specifics of mercury, vaccines and developmental abnormalities – unless they have something to hide.
Please share this important information about vaccines and mercury to help jumpstart a public discussion about this important topic!
Video of the press conference below:




ARTICLE
President Trump has begun banning corrupt members of the mainstream media from White House press briefings, with CNN, The New York Times, and the Los Angeles Times among the first to have their access rights revoked.
The Hill, Politico, BuzzFeed, the Daily Mail, and BBC are among the other mainstream outlets to be banned by the White House, just hours after President Trump warned during his CPAC speech that “we’re gonna do something about the media“.
Failing to attempt to disguise their fury, CNN announced the “breaking news” live on air, with host Brooke Baldwin saying, “Breaking news here at CNN is that we have just learned that CNN has been blocked from a White House gaggle.”
“This is so incredibly significant because this has never happened in this administration,” Baldwin continued, unable to control her outrage. “We heard from the President this morning and he doubled down on his tweet from just a couple of days ago, essentially saying ‘The media is the enemy of the American people. His chief strategist this time yesterday calling the media ‘the opposition party’ over and over.”
CNN host Brooke Baldwin then asked a White House reporter, “Why aren’t we there?“
The reporter explained that she was personally told she wasn’t allowed to enter the White House for the press briefing, but failed to explain that Trump is banning them because they are fundamentally dishonest and have an agenda which is against the interests of the American people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQaN0kMK9c4
Speaking in Melbourne, Florida, President Trump explained his reasons for banning repeat offenders in the mainstream media from attending White House press briefings:
“Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln, and many of our greatest presidents, fought with the media and called them often times on their lies. When the media lies to the people, I will never let them get away with it. I will do whatever I can that they don’t get away with it. They have their own agenda. And their agenda is not your agenda.
“Thomas Jefferson said ‘nothing can be believed that can be seen in a news spec. Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle.
“But despite all their lies, misrepresentations, and false stories, they could not defeat us in the primaries, they could not defeat us in the general election, and we will continue to expose them for what they are, and most importantly we will continue to win, win, win.“




ARTICLE
On Friday President Trump lambasted the FBI for failing to quell leaks of classified information that could harm US security.
“Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW,” Trump tweeted Friday.
“The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ‘leakers’ that have permeated our government for a long time.“
Trump tweeted last week that leakers will be caught, referring to regular intelligence leaks by the mainstream media.
“The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!“

The latest leak to the press from the intelligence agencies comes from an ‘unnamed’ CNN source.
The White House is accused of asking the Federal Bureau of Investigation to dispute accounts of regular contact between the Trump 2016 presidential campaign and Russia. Something the White House denies.
A Trump Tweet Friday said: “They can’t even find the leakers within the FBI itself.“
Toronto Sun reports:
Trump is blaming the FBI for failing to stop leaks to the media, saying the information being reported is classified and could have a “devastating effect” on the country.
Trump made the remarks in a tweet early Friday. His tweet follows reports that White House chief of staff Reince Priebus had asked a top FBI official to dispute media reports that Trump’s campaign advisers were frequently in touch with Russian intelligence agents during the election.
Trump writes, “The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ’leakers’ that have permeated our government for a long time. They can’t even find the leakers within the FBI itself.”
He adds, “classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW.”





ARTICLE
In a display of affection and respect, the two senior White House officials declared that all is well with the Trump presidency despite reports of a division between them.
Chief White House strategist Steve Bannon called the press “the opposition party,” saying about their ongoing opposition to President Trump: “It’s not going to get better — it’s going to get worse every day.“
The two men admitted they are different but acknowledged each other’s capacity in bringing to fruition Trump’s agenda.
Chief of Staff Reince Priebus is credited for winning the election and is now busy quietly doing the heavy work in the White House.
Steve Bannon is continuing his fight against the main “opposition party,” which he defines as the “corporatist,” “globalist,” news media.
Bannon told Republicans on Thursday: “If you think [the media is] going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.“

Business Insider UK reports:
President Donald Trump’s chief strategist and his chief of staff sat down together in a rare joint appearance Thursday at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland, aiming to get that point across in a 25-minute discussion.
Interviewed by the chairman of the American Conservative Union, Matt Schlapp, the two attempted to shut down reports of discord between them while painting the news media, as Bannon repeatedly called it, as “the opposition party.”
The two gave off a friendly vibe onstage, with Priebus even gently touching Bannon’s arm at one point. Priebus said he loves “how many collars he wears,” poking fun at the chief strategist’s sense of style, while Bannon complimented the chief of staff on being a hard worker and later admitted that he himself “runs a little hot” on occasion.
Asked about the biggest misconceptions about the Trump White House, Priebus, touching on reports of tension between the two administration leaders, said “everything” had been misreported.
“I think the biggest misconception is everything that you’re reading,” he told Schlapp.
Bannon doubled down. He said that “if you look at how the opposition party portrayed” Trump during his candidacy, as president-elect, and as president, “it’s all wrong.”
Since Trump’s election, several reports have painted a picture of a split within the White House between staffers loyal to Bannon and others loyal to Priebus.
When Michael Flynn resigned last week as national security adviser following bombshell reports about his communications with Russian officials regarding sanctions, major Trump-backing sites such as Breitbart News and InfoWars said Priebus was the source of leaks coming from the White House. Bannon, who joined Trump’s campaign in August after leading Breitbart’s news operation, criticized Breitbart’s story on the subject.
On Thursday, Bannon said the media was weeping on November 8 when Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton lost to Trump.
“If you think [the media is] going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken,” he said, adding that the news media is “corporatist,” “globalist,” and opposed to Trump’s “economic nationalist” agenda.
He said the major planks of the Trump agenda include a focus on national security and “sovereignty,” economic nationalism — which includes trade reform — and a deconstruction of “the administrative state.”
“Hold us accountable for delivering what we promised,” Bannon told the crowd.



ARTICLE
President Trump has announced a federal investigation into the Pizzagate elite pedophile scandal involving human trafficking on Tuesday and promised to help put an end to the “horrific, really horrific crimes taking place.”
The president held a short, dramatic press conference after meeting with human trafficking experts to announce that he will direct “the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and other federal agencies” to devote more resources and personnel to the investigation.
Appearing at the press conference for less than two minutes, President Trump said that the issue has been on the radar of federal government “for some time” but since taking office in January the investigation has become “much more focused.”
“It has been much more focused over the last four weeks, I can tell you that.”

Appearing calm and determined, Trump thanked staff members and his daughter Ivanka for their hard work on the issue in the lead up to his announcement. While the establishment and mainstream media have been trying to destroy the investigation into Pizzagate and suppress the findings, the Trump administration have been quietly researching and launching low-level take downs, gathering evidence in order to move up the chain.
Trump made it clear that the investigation intends to go all the way to the top, promising to bring the “full force and weight of our government” to eradicate the insidious problem.
It’s happening
“I want to make it clear today that my administration will focus on ending the absolutely horrific practice of human trafficking and I am prepared to bring the full force and weight of our government at the federal level in order to solve this horrific problem that is getting worse. 
“Human trafficking is a dire problem, both domestically and internationally, and is one that’s made really a challenge. And it’s really made possible to a large extent, more of a modern phenomenon, by what’s taking place on the Internet, as you probably know.
“Solving the human trafficking epidemic, which is what it is, is a priority for my administration. We’re going to help out a lot. “Solve” is a wonderful word, a beautiful word, but I can tell you, we’re going to help a lot.”
Former Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney welcomed the news on Twitter and provided D.C insider information: if Trump goes straight all the way with the investigation, senior Democrats and Republicans in D.C are going to be bought down.




ARTICLE
A bill in Arkansas is set to strip Bill and Hillary Clinton’s names from the largest and busiest airport in the state as punishment for the duo’s sordid past.
The bill makes no mention of former President Bill Clinton or former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, for whom the Little Rock airport was re-named four years ago – as Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport/Adams Field – but its author does not hesitate to identify its target.
“You have a president who was impeached for having an affair with an intern in the Oval Office and then disbarred,” said state Sen. Jason Rapert, the bill’s author and one of the Arkansas legislature’s most outspoken conservatives.
Reuters report:
President Clinton was impeached in 1998 by the U.S. House of Representatives, which accused him of obstructing justice by lying under oath about a sexual relationship with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. Clinton was acquitted in a Senate trial the following year.
Hillary Clinton served as attorney to the city’s airport commission during her husband’s tenure as governor of Arkansas. At the conclusion of her husband’s presidency she won a Senate seat in New York.
She was appointed secretary of state by President Barack Obama, who defeated her for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination. Clinton won the nomination last year but was defeated by President Donald Trump.
Rapert, whose Senate district does not include Little Rock, said he introduced the legislation after “several Arkansans across the state” had expressed to him their “discomfort” with naming its largest airport after the controversial Clintons.
City officials have defended re-naming the airport, although sometimes tersely.
“I think the name of the airport is appropriate and I support retaining it,” said Meredith Catlett, a member of the terminal’s governing commission.



ARTICLE
The “Access Hollywood” tape that nearly ruined President Donald Trump’s election campaign was leaked by NBC News staffers working on “Access Hollywood”, it has been revealed by multiple sources inside the network.
The New York Post reports that the release of the leaked tape was timed to ensure maximum damage to Trump’s campaign, proving yet again that the mainstream media were operating as the public relations arm of the Clinton campaign.
According to the Page Six story:
The infamous “Access Hollywood” tape — in which President Donald Trump bragged about grabbing women by the hoo-ha — was an inside job, leaked by an NBC News staffer on Billy Bush’s own “Today” show, multiple sources tell Page Six.
“The tape was leaked by the NBC News division, by somebody at the ‘Today’ show,” says one source. “NBC News knew for a while about the existence of the tape. Billy himself had told them about it. People in the news division became frustrated that ‘Access Hollywood’ was taking too long to air it and decided it had to come out.”
“Access” had been working on airing a sanitized version of the tape, which revealed Trump’s comments but protected Bush by editing out his. But the full tape, which was leaked to the Washington Post, featured Bush goading the president. The leak got Bush fired from “Today,” which was, according to the source, part of the plan.
“The leaked tape served a dual purpose: It helped get Bush out of the way — Matt Lauer didn’t like him and felt he was a liability — and NBC thought it would derail Trump,” says the source. “But all it did was crush Billy, and, ironically, his own network was behind it.”



ARTICLE
Billionaire globalist George Soros has hedged a $500 million dollar bet on the U.S. economy failing and corporations becoming bankrupt. 
According to Soros, companies that benefit from the policies of President Donald Trump will be “financially ruined” in the months ahead.
The billionaire is a vocal critic against Donald Trump, and was recently outed as being the main financier behind anti-Trump riots across America.
Newsmax.com reports:
Soros’ bets against stocks came in the form of puts, or options to sell, on two exchange-traded funds that track broad market indexes, CNBC reported.
He took out a put position of 2.5 million shares on the iShares Russell 2000, a fund that tracks the small-cap index, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis of Soros filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. That ETF is up 21 percent since bottoming just before the election, and 12 percent from Oct. 1, CNBC reported.
That position had a notional value — if the puts were exercised — of $330.6 million, representing a 59 percent increase from the $208.4 million value in the third quarter.
He also held 493,000 shares of puts on the SPDR S&P 500 ETF, which tracks the large-cap index. The notional value of those puts was $110.2 million, a 27 percent decline from the previous quarter, according to S&P.
Soros also had a short position on industrial stocks, with $77.8 million worth of puts on the SPDR Industrial Select Sector fund. That ETF has gained 12.3 percent since the beginning of the fourth quarter.
However, Soros countered his short exposure with bets on banks. He held $72.7 million worth of calls, or options to buy, on the SPDR Financial Select Sector ETF, which holds large-cap banks as well as other financial giants including B-class shares of Berkshire Hathaway. The fund is up nearly 27 percent since the start of the fourth quarter.
The New York-based firm disclosed a $14.9 million position in Goldman Sachs and made a new bet on Bank of America worth $3.9 million. One of its biggest buys during the last three months of 2016 was a call option on the S&P Select Sector SPDR Fund – Financial Sector worth $72.6 million.
A number of asset managers bought into financial stocks during the final months of 2016 after Trump’s surprise victory suggested that tax cuts and a reduction of regulatory burdens plus higher interest rates could benefit the financial sector.
Soros recently hired UBS executive Dawn Fitzpatrick to be the firm’s chief investment officer, putting a woman in charge of his portfolio for the first time.
To be sure, many of Soros’ investment moves have been recently scrutinized in the press.
Late last month, some of Soros’ short positions dating back to 2012 were published on the Dutch financial market regulator’s website due to “human error,” according to the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets (AFM).
The short positions, bets on a stock declining, were “between 0.2 percent and 0.5 percent,” of shares outstanding in the companies shorted AFM spokesman Ward Snijders told Bloomberg.
The Financial Times earlier reported that some of the positions, including bets against Dutch banks, appeared briefly on the website on Tuesday evening. One Dutch bank in which short positions were revealed Tuesday was ING Groep NV, according to the Financial Times. ING declined to comment on Thursday.
The Dutch market authority apologized after admitting it had accidentally published details of short positions in stocks on its website beyond what it normally discloses.



ARTICLE
 American comedian Bill Maher has come under fire after a video surfaced showing the television host condoning pedophilia in 1998.
Just 2 days after the Milo controversy, the Real Time With Bill Maher host defended a 35-year-old teacher having sex with a young 12-year-old boy.
Infowars.com reports:
A video posted online Wednesday shows Bill Maher condoning sex between a 35-year-old woman and a 12-year-old boy during a 1998 episode of his ABC show “Politically Incorrect.”

The clip features Maher defending the infamous relationship between Mary Kay Letourneau and her student Vili Fualaau, who fathered two children with the woman before she was sent to prison.
“Letourneau was arrested and served more than seven years in jail for statutory rape,” The Hill writes. “She was released in 2004 and would go on to marry Fualaau the following year. The couple has two daughters in their late teens.”
Maher portrayed the female adult as a victim for refusing to “conform” with societal norms.
“I admit that it’s unorthodox,” Maher said. “She’s 35, the boy is 14. He was younger when they started. But she is pregnant again. That was the story this week.”
“This is the second child by this boy. They are keeping the mother in jail because she won’t conform to what society feels should be the perfect American family.”
Republican activist Celeste Greig responded by calling the relationship “sickening,” adding that the situation was a clear example of rape.
“Sickening. Absolutely sickening,” Greig said. “The woman is over 20 years older, and she raped this kid.”
Maher once again leapt to the defense of the couple, asking “How can a woman rape a man?”
Other guests, including former Black Flag frontman Henry Rollins, similarly pushed back against Maher’s claim.
The video surfaced online after gay journalist Milo Yiannopolous, who was a recent guest on Maher’s show, became embroiled in a scandal regarding similar comments.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has ordered the CIA to halt all support for ISIS militants in Syria, in a show of solidarity to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The White House told the Central Intelligence Agency to halt arming groups associated with the Free Syrian Army (FSA) – a rebel group opposed to Assad that has strong ties with ISIL.
Intelnews.org reports:
For several years, the CIA has provided training and other forms of assistance to rebel groups in Syria, such as the New Syrian Force, which operate under the umbrella of the FSA. Aside from training, the assistance has included light and heavy ammunition, including antitank missiles, mines and grenades.
However, it appears that the CIA was instructed nearly a month ago by the White House to freeze all assistance to these rebel groups. Correspondents from the Reuters news agency said they confirmed the change in policy by speaking to senior rebel commanders from five armed groups operating under the FSA.
These commanders told Reuters that they had not been given any official reason for the sudden termination of all CIA assistance. The change coincided with the change of guard at the White House, from Barack Obama to Donald Trump.
Some in Washington, as well as some members of rebel factions in Syria, are concerned that the change in the CIA’s stance might denote a broader policy shift in the White House. During his election campaign, Mr. Trump said repeatedly that he would end America’s overt and covert support for the FSA and would focus instead on defeating the Islamic State.
But the rebel commanders themselves told Reuters that the freeze in CIA support was due to a wave of renewed attacks against them by Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, a Sunni militant group that was previously affiliated with al-Qaeda. The rebels said that the CIA was concerned that weaponry provided to the FSA would end up in the hands of jihadist militants, so it temporarily halted its support until Jabhat Fateh al-Sham could be pushed back by FSA forces.
Reuters published comments by two anonymous officials who were familiar with the CIA’s operations in Syria. They told the newspaper that the freeze of the CIA’s program had “nothing to do with US President Donald Trump replacing Barack Obama in January”. Additionally, said Reuters, Mr. Trump’s policy in Syria remains unknown.
Several newspapers and news agencies contacted the CIA asking for comments, but the agency declined all requests on Wednesday.



ARTICLE
Queen Elizabeth is set to look at plans to make the United States an “associate member” of the Commonwealth, according to the Royal Commonwealth Society. 
Her Majesty is said to be pleased with plans initiated by US President Donald Trump who says he “loves Britain and the Royal Family”.
Express.co.uk reports:
With the UK making plans to leave the European Union (EU) officials are keen to build up international relations through the Commonwealth in an number of areas, including trade.
Director of the Royal Commonwealth Society Michael Lake told The Telegraph: “The UK rather left this treasure in the attic, and forgot about it because people were so glued to Brussels.”
Mr Lake said the plans had been hastened by the “opportunity of a new president, and the slightly dangerous but great fun opportunity that the ‘Bad Boys of Brexit’ offered”.
The director added that opening a branch in the US would help cement ties with America, opening up new connections in Anglo-American relations.
Mr Lake wrote a letter to Mr Trump, which was transported by Andrew Wigmore, a close aide to Nigel Farage which was then handed to the US President by the former UKIP leader.
Mr Lake wrote in his letter that opening a Commonwealth branch in America would help the UK and the US “find imaginative ways” in which they could work together.
The two men, along with businessman Arron Banks visited Mr Trump shortly after his election and Mr Farage continues to have close links with the Republican President.
Mr Wigmore is said to be “very positive” by the response from the US.
Mr Farage, who has been a big supporter of the new President, is believed to have promoted the idea to senior aides and presented the letter to US Chief Strategist Steve Bannon.
Sources indicate that Mr Trump believes that the model of the Commonwealth fits well with is foreign policy outlook.
Mr Trump is understood to think that the former Commonwealth country India is a “true friend and partner”, according to a phone call he had with the country’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Discussions about the details over opening an office in the US are believed to be already underway with a plan to open an office in New York.
It is part of an effort by Mr Lake to raise the profile and relevance of the modern Commonwealth, seeking to make it more of a factor in matters of foreign policy.
“It has been very introspective, it needs to more extrovert,” he said. “In that sense we have adopted a policy of getting branches of the Commonwealth in non-commonwealth countries.”
The idea, he said, is to promote  “mutually advantageous” links with “reliable friends” around the world on everything from business to defence.
He added: “It works because companies find it easier and more congenial to work in Commonwealth countries.”
Last year the RCS opened a chapter in Dublin, as part of a campaign to help persuade the Republic to rejoin the alliance of 52 member states.
Mr Lake said it was “no secret” that the branch there was opened after the Queen undertook a state visit to the country.
“The Queen is our patron and I see her from time to time, and she makes it clear to me that the Commonwealth is a priority to her,” Mr Lake said.
Mr Trump, whose mother is Scottish and a royalist, has also expressed his enthusiasm for building his connections with the Royal family.
He is hoping to visit Her Majesty at Balmoral Castle during his first official state visit to the UK in June.
Royal Commonwealth Society spokeswoman Rachel Ilett confirmed the news to Express.co.uk.
A spokeswoman for Buckingham Palace declined to comment on whether or not the Queen had given her backing to such a plan, saying it was a “speculative issue”.



ARTICLE
The Washington Post has announced that John Podesta will be joining them as a contributing columnist
Podesta became a household name after emails from his personal account were dumped by WikiLeaks before the US presidential election and he is also the central character in the pizzagate scandal, which he recently claimed was fake news.
The former chairman of Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign has already written two op-eds for the paper, slamming the Trump administration on Russia and the president’s war with the media.
Politico reports:
The first, published in December, was about the the FBI’s investigation into Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee. The second, published last week, was about President Donald Trump’s penchant for dismissing all criticism of himself as “fake news.”
The Post says Podesta’s columns “will provide commentary and analysis on the intersection of politics and policy, the Trump administration and the future of the Democratic Party.”
“No one knows more about how Washington works, how the White House operates, and how policy ideas are translated into reality than John Podesta,” said Editorial Page Editor Fred Hiatt in a statement. “His long experience in Congress, inside two Democratic White Houses and on the front lines of numerous presidential campaigns, will offer readers vital insight into Washington and politics at the start of a new era.”



ARTICLE
The American College of Pediatricians has issued a statement condemning the liberal acceptance of “transgenderism in children”, claiming that it amounts to child abuse and causes disease and lifelong psychological problems. 
The statement draws from scientific fact to list eight arguments on why gender reclassification in children is harmful, and backs President Trump’s decision to revoke federal guidance to schools to let children use whichever bathroom they want.
According to the statement, 98% of transgender boys eventually accept their biological sex after passing through puberty, and that “conditioning children into believing a lifetime of chemical and surgical impersonation of the opposite sex is normal and healthful is child abuse.“
“The American College of Pediatricians urges educators and legislators to reject all policies that condition children to accept as normal a life of chemical and surgical impersonation of the opposite sex. Facts – not ideology – determine reality.”
The policy statement, authored by Johns Hopkins Medical School Psychology Professor Paul McHugh, listed eight arguments on why the liberal agenda to push acceptance of transgenderism in children is harmful.
1. Human sexuality is an objective biological binary trait: “XY” and “XX” are genetic markers of health – not genetic markers of a disorder.
2. No one is born with a gender. Everyone is born with a biological sex. Gender (an awareness and sense of oneself as male or female) is a sociological and psychological concept; not an objective biological one.
3. A person’s belief that he or she is something they are not is, at best, a sign of confused thinking. When an otherwise healthy biological boy believes he is a girl, or an otherwise healthy biological girl believes she is a boy, an objective psychological problem exists that lies in the mind not the body, and it should be treated as such.
4. Puberty is not a disease and puberty-blocking hormones can be dangerous. Reversible or not, puberty-blocking hormones induce a state of disease – the absence of puberty – and inhibit growth and fertility in a previously biologically healthy child.
5. According to the DSM-V, as many as 98% of gender confused boys and 88% of gender confused girls eventually accept their biological sex after naturally passing through puberty.
6. Children who use puberty blockers to impersonate the opposite sex will require cross-sex hormones in late adolescence. Cross-sex hormones (testosterone and estrogen) are associated with dangerous health risks including but not limited to high blood pressure, blood clots, stroke and cancer.
7. Rates of suicide are twenty times greater among adults who use cross-sex hormones and undergo sex reassignment surgery, even in Sweden which is among the most LGBQT – affirming countries.
8. Conditioning children into believing a lifetime of chemical and surgical impersonation of the opposite sex is normal and healthful is child abuse.
The left, as usual, reacted to the scientific facts provided by the American College of Pediatricians by attempting to shout them down, and labelling them a “hate group” for daring to disagree with current liberal ideology on transgenderism.
Think Progress described the American College of Pediatricians as a “hate group masquerading as pediatricians.”
The Huffington Post said that “Once again, Paul McHugh has used the ever more tarnished name of Johns Hopkins to distort science and spread transphobic misinformation.”
McHugh, who formerly served as Johns Hopkins’ psychiatrist in chief, issued an opinion last year stating the transgenderism is a “mental disorder” and sex change is a “medical impossibility.”
The statement was also signed by Drs. Michelle A. Cretella, M.D., president of the American College of Pediatricians, and Quentin Van Meter, M.D., the organization’s vice president.



ARTICLE
John Podesta has spoken about ‘Pizzagate’ publicly for the first time.
In a recent interview, Podesta, who’s been the central character of the Pizzagate scandal, talks about Pedogate… although he avoids actually saying the words ‘Pedogate’ or ‘pizzagate’.
He also squirms while responding to questions about an elite pedophile ring in Washington DC.
Podesta claims that both he and his friend James Alefantis have been the victims of “fake news”. Alefantis is the owner of the Comet Ping Pong pizzeria that has been accused of operating as a front for the pedophile ring.
Podesta says he believes Donald Trump and his team are most likely behind the ‘pizzagate’ exposure…along with the Russians.
Does he come across as an innocent man, a victim of ‘fake news’ or a man guilty of trying to cover up his vile crimes?
YouTube video by Level Nine Media
Russia Insider believes that Podesta is betrayed by his own body language:
John Podesta was the former head of Center for American Progress. His brother is a powerful lobbyist. They are both well-versed in the art of persuasion and public relations.
He bombed. Completely.
Watch his hands. First he looks calm and collected. Even enjoying himself. Once “fake news” comes up, he starts to tense up. He clentches his fists. He stutters and speaks from a place of fear, not confidence.
If you spent your entire professional life in public relations/lobbying/pimping out neoliberal policies, you’d expect someone such as Podesta to be able to handle “baseless” accusations. He’s not an idiot. He’s successfully navigated the halls of power — and he did it by talking his way there.



ARTICLE
The US national debt has been reduced by a staggering 12 billion dollars during President Trump’s first month in office.
Inheriting a national debt of $19,947 billion – an enormous figure that was thought irreversible and had been blowing out by billions every day Obama was in office – President Trump immediately got to work and began turning the situation around.
On February 21st, just month later, the US debt load stood at $19,935 billion – a reduction of $12 billion, and the first time in decades a President has turned the debt clock backwards.

President Trump’s first month in office proves the benefit of having a successful businessman in charge of incomings and outgoings instead of a community organizer from Chicago with no understanding of budgeting.

How did President Obama fare in his first month in office? The contrast to President Trump could not be more telling. Obama, who spent his first month jetting around the world and flying in wookie chow for Sasquatch on C-130’s, managed to increase the US debt burden by more than $200 billion in his first month in office.
Not only managing to increase the national debt by 2% in his first month alone, Obama also signed the trillion dollar ‘Stimulus’ bill, an expensive failure and unnecessary waste of American tax payers’ money.
The supposed ‘Stimulus’ did not kick in till later in Obama’s first year and lead to Obama’s first year deficit of $1.4 trillion.
Overall, the Chicago community organizer has the dubious distinction of managing to double the US debt during his time in office and create a legacy for himself involving record breaking deficits and the largest debt increase by any President ever.
President Trump has years of bad financial governance to undo, but as the results of his first month prove, he is hellbent on cleaning up the mess.



ARTICLE
Lady Rothschild has blasted John Podesta as a “loser” who ran an “arrogant and out of touch campaign” in extraordinary public comments that may signal John “Pizzagate” Podesta is seen as a liability and is about to be pushed under the bus by the elite.
Responding to an interview in which John Podesta attempted to blame everyone under the sun for Hillary’s election loss – except Hillary or the Democrats themselves – Lady Rothschild launched an eviscerating personal attack on the notorious former Clinton campaign manager.

Is John Podesta about to get thrown under the bus by the elite?
The Wikileaks classified email dumps exposed Hillary Clinton for what she really is – a member of the infamous Rothschild family’s inner sanctum. Hillary jumps when they say jump, and when they give her the silent treatment, she asks them what kind of “penance she owes them.”
If the elite have turned on John Podesta – as the personal insults in Lady Rothschild’s tweet suggest they have – then the former campaign manager is in for a rough ride. As internet researchers continue finding skeletons in Podesta’s closet, it would be foolish to bet against James Woods’ claim that Podesta will be in jail soon – as soon as the establishment stop protecting him.

Months before Hillary Clinton officially announced her bid for the presidency, the Rothschild family was hard at work helping craft her future economic policy and holding $100,000 dollar-per-head fundraisers to help fill the Clinton coffers with Rothschild cash.
As Wikileaks revealed in the hugely-damaging release of John Podesta’s emails, (Lady) Lynn Forester de Rothschild, who maintains an incredibly cozy personal relationship with the Clintons, was already forming Hillary’s economic policy in January 2015 — long before the former secretary of state announced her candidacy.
On January 7, 2015, Lady Rothschild wrote to top Clinton aide, Cheryl Mills, under the subject heading “FW: Elizabeth Warren”:
“I think this blog overstates what Warren was doing, but we need to craft the economic message for Hillary so that Warren’s common inaccurate conclusions are addressed. Xoxo Lynn.“
Make no mistake – Hillary Clinton is controlled by the Rothschilds. If they have turned on John Podesta, then the entire establishment will follow. His goose is cooked.



ARTICLE
Mainstream media’s job is to “actually control exactly what people think” according to MSNBC’s host Mika Brzezinski who let the unspoken truth slip out during a discussion about President Trump’s battles with the media.
The comment should come as no surprise after the recent election campaign when MSNBC and other mainstream news networks operated as the public relations arm of the Clinton campaign rather than as journalists.
However the sheer audacity of the comment – which failed to raise any eyebrows in the studio – does go a long way to explaining the mainstream media’s increasingly bitter war on alternative media as they continue their quest to set up a Ministry of Truth that “actually controls exactly what people think“.

SCARBOROUGH: “Exactly. That is exactly what I hear. What Yamiche said is what I hear from all the Trump supporters that I talk to who were Trump voters and are still Trump supporters. They go, ‘Yeah you guys are going crazy. He’s doing — what are you so surprised about? He is doing exactly what he said he is going to do.'”
BRZEZINSKI: “Well, I think that the dangerous, you know, edges here are that he is trying to undermine the media and trying to make up his own facts. And it could be that while unemployment and the economy worsens, he could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that, that is our job.”
The comment failed to raise any eyebrows from her co-panelists. Instead, her co-host, Joe Scarborough, said that Trump’s antagonism towards the media (the same media that thinks it’s job is to “control exactly what people think”) puts him on par with Mussolini and Lenin.



ARTICLE
Expecting Americans to use proper grammar and spelling is racist, according to the University of Washington’s latest press release.
In order to not be racist, teachers at the liberal university must allow students to use “non-standard spelling” (previously known as incorrect spelling) and accept that the idea of “proper grammar” is a racist concept that has been used to restrict opportunities and privileges, according to Washington University’s Writing Center.
“Linguistic and writing research has shown clearly for many decades that there is no inherent ‘standard’ of English,” claims the writing center’s statement. “Language is constantly changing. These two facts make it very difficult to justify placing people in hierarchies or restricting opportunities and privileges because of the way people communicate in particular versions of English.”
The university’s Writing Center Director, Dr. Asoa Inoue, claims that expecting students to use proper grammar and spelling is a racist position for a teacher to hold.
“It is a founding assumption that, if believed, one must act differently than we, the institution and its agents, have up to this point,” Inoue claimed. As the statement reads “Racism is pervasive. It is in the systems, structures, rules, languages, expectations, and guidelines that make up our classes, school, and society.”
The university’s Vice Chancellor, Jill Purdy, claimed that the Writing Center’s new statement is a great example of how academia can fight back against racism. “Language is the bridge between ideas and action,” she claimed. “So how we use words has a lot of influence on what we think and do.”



ARTICLE
The crackdown on George Soros incited protests has begun, with over two hundred rioters indicted on felony charges after smashing up shops and injuring police in downtown Washington during violent protests during and after President Donald Trump’s inauguration.
According to reports, 214 of the most violent rioters have been indicted so far, with hundreds more expected to be charged as law enforcement moves to punish the ringleaders, including celebrities who incited violence and chief organizer and domestic terrorist Bill Ayers – who just so happens to be a good friend of Barack Obama.
On Tuesday, a grand jury in DC charged five individuals, bringing the total to 214 rioters facing years behind bars. A felony rioting charge carries a maximum of 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $25,000.
CNN reports that protests over Donald Trump’s inauguration turned violent when black-clad “anti-fascist” protesters smashed storefronts and bus stops, hammered out the windows of a limousine and eventually launched rocks at a phalanx of police.
Officers responded by launching smoke and flash-bang devices into the street to disperse the crowds. Six police officers were injured and 230 protesters were arrested that day.
The indictment accuses the defendants of using a tactic called “Black Bloc” in which people conceal their identities with dark or black clothing and accessories such as scarves, sunglasses, helmets and masks.
They assaulted a limousine driver, smashed windows of local businesses, destroyed a government vehicle and committed “violent and destructive acts,” according to the indictment.
However despite attempts to conceal their identities, law enforcement have infiltrated the groups and are confident they are rounding up the ringleaders and most violent of the protesters. It is now up to the judicial system to put them behind bars.



ARTICLE
John Podesta has accused “forces within the FBI” of helping Donald Trump win the US election.
In his first interview since the election in November, Clinton’s campaign chief said that “forces within the FBI wanted [Clinton] to lose.”
RT reports:
Podesta told journalist John Heilemann that FBI director James Comey’s decision to publicly disclose that the bureau was looking into more of Clinton’s emails, just 11 days before election day, was “inexplicable.”
Podesta said he believes there are only two reasons why the FBI would pursue Clinton in the public way they did:
“There are at least forces within the FBI that wanted her to lose. I’m not sure they really understood the alternative, but they wanted her to lose. I think that’s one possibility.”
“I think the other is it’s just become a cover-your-ass organization, and there was pressure coming up from underneath him, and he succumbed to that pressure.”
Either way Podesta says the “terrible mistake of judgment” did “terrible damage” to the Clinton campaign: “If you look at the polling at that time, that’s when the race began to tighten in that last week.”
Podesta went on to reiterate previous claims that Trump has close ties with Russia and that President Vladimir Putin directly interfered with the US election.
Podesta called for a “serious investigation of whatever collusion existed between the Trump campaign, the Russians and Assange,” referencing Julian Assange’s WikiLeaks organization, which leaked 60,000 of Podesta’s emails in the run-up to the election.
“There’s legislation pending to create a 9/11 style independent, bipartisan, out of Congress commission. The Republicans, and the House in particular, show no interest in moving that legislation forward, but we should get to the bottom of it.”

Looking back, Podesta blames the compilation of the DNC hack, his email leaks and reintroduction of Comey’s FBI investigation so late in the campaign as the ultimate recipe for Hillary Clinton’s failure to secure a majority in the Electoral College.
Not surprisingly, Podesta’s claims are not going down to well….
The Rothschild family appear to be distancing themselves from the Mr Podesta, who has been a main character in the child sex scandal known as Pizzagate.
Lynn de Rothschild, who is a close friend of the Clinton’s and a DNC backer, called Podesta “pathetic” and a “loser”.
In a tweet the wife of Evelyn de Rothschild blamed Podesta for the Clintons’ downfall accusing him of “destroying” the family.
In another tweet actor James Woods suggested that Podesta should be locked up in jail for his involvement in a DC pedo ring.




ARTICLE
Hollywood actor James Woods has publicly condemned Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta for his involvement in the child sex scandal known as Pizzagate. 
In an astonishing Tweet, the actor suggested that Podesta should be locked up in jail for his involvement in a DC pedo ring.
In the Tweet, Woods says:
Put more walnut sauce on your #pizza and shut up, #Skippy. You’re lucky you’re not in jail yet. I stress “yet…”

Late last year, internet detectives found evidence of pedophile “code words” being used in emails from John Pedsta released by WikiLeaks.
Countless emails from Podesta to other high ranking Washington DC politicians incongruously referred to food items such as pasta, cheese pizza, and ice cream – which 4chan users claimed were code language used by pedophiles.
Since then, there has been a concerted effort by the mainstream media and establishment to cover-up and censor the story by any means possible.
That’s why its refreshing to see a prominent Hollywood name give the story public exposure at a time when it is rumored that the FBI and White House are secretly conducting an investigation into the DC pedo ring.
Another tweet by Woods last year linked John Podesta, Hillary Clinton and Anthony Weiner to a “sex cabal” – asking whether there was any link to the creepy Spirit Cooking party which many of Hillary’s campaign staff attended.
“How creepy can the #Clinton #Podesta #Weiner sex cabal actually be? Is there ANY chance this #SpiritCooking stuff is real?”

James Woods was also one of the first celebrities on the case when the Pizzagate story broke, pointing out that the pedophile code words used in the Podesta emails were beyond suspicious.
“Curious #Podesta #email. Speculation that code words were used is not mine. It’s absurd that the #Clintons are part of a child sex ring…”




ARTICLE
White House officials say they believe that Senator John McCain eavesdropped on classified telephone calls between Trump and world leaders, and then leaked that information in order to destabilize the Trump administration.
An analysis of McCain’s recent public statements by the White House reveals that the Senator has inside knowledge of Trump’s private telephone conversations, including one with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The claims come just days after we published evidence about how Russian hackers managed to convince McCain to go behind President Trump’s back and negotiate with world leaders – an act which many claim amounts to treason.
Truepundit.com reports:
Even more alarming, officials believe McCain is secretly sharing this sensitive information with colleagues and his cabal of friendly mainstream media journalists in a dangerous clandestine campaign to damage Trump’s presidency even before it has a chance to succeed.
Trump has been searching for media rats in the Beltway in recent weeks.
White House aides are confident they have now outed one of the major leaks plaguing the early days of the Trump presidency.
To everyone’s surprise, it is a senior senator supposedly belonging to the same side of the political aisle as the president.
McCain has been lambasting Trump to anyone and everyone who will listen since the newly minted president’s inauguration. This includes a Russian comedian who pranked McCain posing as Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman.
Even during that troubling conversation, where McCain shared sensitive U.S. intelligence with an imposter, White House aides said McCain unknowingly exposed himself as having inside knowledge of Trump’s telephone conversations.
“He has been given transcripts or actually listened to the calls and is sharing what he has heard,” an administration insider said.
“There is no doubt. He is one of the major leaks.”



ARTICLE
Senator John McCain illegally propositioned Russian ambassador Vitaly Churkin to donate to his presidential campaign in 2008, according to new documents released by WikiLeaks.
Churkin, who was Russian ambassador to the United Nations, mysteriously died last Tuesday at the age of 65. According to the WikiLeaks release, McCain has kept quiet his involvement in forcing Russia to interfere in the 2008 presidential campaign, by asking the ambassador and Russian embassy for bucket loads of cash.
Truepundit.com reports:
Adding intrigue to an already bizarre story, True Pundit recently contacted Russia’s Permanent Mission (embassy) in New York for comment from Ambassador Churkin regarding McCain’s unorthodox written request for money.
By Tuesday, however, diplomatic staff reported Ambassador Churkin had died suddenly at the embassy late Monday. NBC News has framed the death as suspicious.

Nonetheless, at the time of McCain’s presidential campaign, however, Churkin and the Russian government fired off a terse letter and official statement to the senior U.S. senator’s request for thousands in cash to his campaign.
“We have received a letter from Senator John McCain requesting financial contribution to his Presidential campaign.
In this connection we would like to reiterate that Russian officials, the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations or the Russian Government do not finance political activity in foreign countries.”
Russian officials clearly understood that McCain’s request was not legal per U.S. law which forbids foreign governments from contributing money or assistance to presidential campaigns and U.S. presidential candidates from seeking foreign donations. Apparently McCain didn’t know this or simply ignored it before sending his Sept. 29th letter addressed directly and personally to Churkin at the Russian embassy on 67th Street in Manhattan.
McCain offered the Russians a chance to use any major credit card to donate $5,000 or even more. To be fair, McCain’s letter reads much like a normal campaign fundraising letter seeking contributions and likely would have gone unnoticed except that Churkin was compelled to release an official statement from the Russian government rebuking the request, which in part read:
Contributions to McCain-Palin Victory 2008 (“Victory 2008”) are not deductible as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes. Victory 2008 allocates contributions to the Republican National Committee (“RNC”), the state parties’ federal accounts, and the McCain-Palin Compliance Fund (“Compliance Fund”) in conformity with federal limits. Unless a contribution would exceed federal limits or a contributor designates otherwise, Victory 2008 will divide contributions as follows:
For Individuals – The first $28,500 will go to the RNC, the next portion will be divided evenly between the Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, and Pennsylvania state parties’ federal accounts up to a maximum of $9,250 for each Committee, and the final $2,300 will go to the Compliance Fund.
The Russian response to McCain’s campaign which was leaked to and verified by Wikileaks is below and at Wikileaks.




ARTICLE
Economic historian Harold James, who specialises in the history of Germany and European economic history, says the world is facing similar conditions that led to two previous world wars.
Protectionism and exclusion is the word of the day in America. That could lead to armed conflict between east and west.
While President Trump carries on from where Obama left off and turns the heat on China and Russia, the two long-time former enemies of the U.S. are thinking of using pre-emptive nuclear first strike against the U.S. as means of ultimate protection.
They have been preparing for it for years while watching the U.S. and her allies chase their Frankenstein monster around the Middle East.
The shenanigans of the Military industrial Complex has brought the world to the brink of Armageddon, and the only ones rooting for it are the lemmings who brought us here, hellbent on hurling themselves off the cliff… to see what’s at the bottom.
“I think [a world war] is absolutely a serious threat,” says Professor Harold James.
The Free Thought Project:
Harold James received his PhD from Cambridge in 1982. He then received the Ellen MacArthur Prize for Economic History and the Helmut Schmidt Prize in Economic History. While teaching and studying at Princeton for the last three decades, James also serves on the editorial committee of the journal World Politics and is chairman of the Academic Council of EABH (European Association for Banking and Financial History). Needless to say, James is one of the most qualified historians in the world today, and, when he says something like the possibility of World War III is now a serious threat — society should listen.
James is not alone in his feelings either. Last month, the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists moved the hand of their ‘Doomsday Clock’ to just two and a half minutes to midnight. The Science and Security Board warned: “The probability of global catastrophe is very high, and the actions needed to reduce the risks of disaster must be taken very soon.”
However, governments around the world seemingly couldn’t care less about the prospect of global catastrophe or world war. The United States, at least the portion powered by the military industrial complex, seems to love the idea.
“I think [a world war] is absolutely a serious threat,” he said in an interview with Sky News.
As the Free Thought Project pointed out, both China and Russia are reacting to constant provocation from the West. Earlier this month, responding to US posturing, Beijing surreptitiously revealed a highly accurate ballistic missile system with a range long enough to directly threaten Taiwan, the hotly disputed South China Sea, the Philippines, and Japanese and U.S. military bases in Asia — including Okinawa — with a nuclear first strike.
Amazingly enough, Russia has remained calm in spite of the fact that thousands of NATO troops, including US soldiers, continue to amass on their border — an ostensible ‘peacekeeping’ mission.
Even though he has remained calm, President Vladimir Putin has not taken these putative defensive measures, including the installation of anti-missile systems, as anything less than a direct threat — and has repeatedly warned the amassing military presence provides ample justification for a first strike against the Western Alliance.
While responding to the commentators who compared the toxic environment of the 1930s with that of today, James said, “They are very scary comparisons, but I think it is a fair comparison and you can see something that is analogous to the story of the 1920s and the 1930s.
James then went on to implicate the two-party system and its constant push for conflict. As the Free Thought Project continually points out, the Left is for war, if with big government and the Right is for big government, if with war.
“That is the parties in the political middle and the center are on the whole in favor of openness, in favor of trade and in favor of migration, but they’re squeezed from both the right and the left…”
Professor James, like Ron Paul, believes that Global and open trade is key to maintaining peace, while economic protectionism, like what Donald Trump is doing, is dangerous.
“Not only does protectionism make everyone poorer—except certain special interests—but it also increases international tensions, and can lead to war,” Ron Paul points out.
As James points out, this sharp swing away from open markets, borders and trade, toward protectionism, are the same factors that led us into the last two World Wars.
While James mentions ‘globalization’ as a factor in maintaining peace, his is not referring to some massive centralized government, but rather open trade among nations and the freedom of people to travel.
As Ron Paul points out, “although we think of ourselves as a free-trading nation, it takes more than 700 pages just to list all the tariffs on imported goods, and another 400 to inventory all the non-tariff restraints, such as quotas and ‘orderly marketing agreements.’”
And, these numbers are increasing almost daily.
James also went on to allude to the information war which is taking place in the media as well as the state and the role it plays in stoking tensions.
“In that sense, I think the aftermath of 1907 is as interesting as the 1930s.
“Because after 1907 the foreign ministries, defense ministries, intelligence agencies started to operationalize information – to think that information was essential to the control of military events – and there was a kind of arms race in terms of communications control.
“And we’re seeing that kind of arms race at the moment I think.”
“The story of unconventional warfare, with the role of Google or the role of Apple…those all feed into the debate whether communications can be controlled in the interest of national security,” he said.
Evidence of this information and propaganda war is everywhere as all sides of the political spectrum are now constantly caught in perpetuating falsehoods — creating an environment in which ‘truth’ is but a fleeting memory.
Unfortunately, no one with any political influence seems to notice this shift, and the proverbial stampede of lemmings appear to be hellbent on hurling themselves off the cliff.

About the author: Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state.
 



ARTICLE
The recent smear attack on senior editor for Breitbart News, Milo Yiannopoulos, was orchestrated and paid for by a group of #NeverTrumpers. 
According to leaked emails, the mainstream media planned to “take down Milo” using fake news about his alleged sympathy with pedophiles as part of a “scorched earth plan.”
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
CPAC canceled Milo Yiannopoulos’ speech today after a #NeverTrump group released audio of Milo allegedly promoting pedophilia.
According to Mediaite:
Yiannopoulos’ initial invitation drew criticism, especially after a questionable clip emerged on social media revealing the Breitbart editor appearing to at least “advocate” for pedophilia. The clip, which was first put online by The Reagan Battalion, quickly made the rounds Sunday.
This afternoon Milo released a second response to the shocking audio.

Now this…
A 4Chan user said the far left had a scorched earth plan to take down Milo.
Via 4Chan:
FYI the MSM has a huge f*cking media onslaught that is set to go live Monday to scorch earth Milo and destroy him via the pedophile label.
I’m part of a mailing list (not giving my real name or the name of the list for the sake of protecting my ass from retaliation) but they have been sitting on the story for a while, because they thought Milo was small fries and wanted to wait until he got big enough a thread to go nuclear on.
The journalists are pissed the fuck off Maher put him on the air and more so, pissed off his book deal had not been revoked (and some are pissed that Milo got a book deal from the same publisher who dropped Zoe Quinn’s book, along with a larger signing bonus than most of the publisher’s social justice authors).
There are also those who want to hurt him simply as a proxy to hurt Steve Bannon/Breitbart. since their attempts to attack Bannon have largely failed. Not to mention people on the left being pissed off that most people sided with Milo over the rioters. Rioters, that were paid for by Soros through a variety of fronts and laundered through companies that can’t be traced back to him.
Expect a steady drumbeat of “Milo is a pedophile” and “Milo must be dropped from CPAC”. The later is especially important, in terms of the divide and conquer long game the press is playing: the press wants a civil war with the McCain/Graham wing of the GOP and the Trump/Ryan wing so as to weaken the Republicans in 2018. The overall plan is to make the Republicans fear social shaming from the media and the left more than they do their actual constituents who love Trump, in hopes of regaining the House and enough Senate seats to pull off an impeachment of Trump.
And Mike Cernovich and others reported the #NeverTrumpers paid for the research to take down Milo.
The story was first published at the #NeverTrump website Reagan Battalion.
There are rumors that the #NeverTrump crowd paid to take down Milo.
  



ARTICLE
WikiLeaks found Julian Assange has weighed in on the “fake news” debate, calling most mainstream newspapers “weaponized tests.”
Assange claims that WikiLeaks’ focus on data-driven truth has prevented them from becoming “weaponized text,” unlike most of the mainstream media.
Breitbart.com reports:
CNET reports that Assange appeared via video-link in a discussion with Australian comedian Chas Licciardello in Sydney, Australia this week. During the interview, Assange discussed the idea of “fake news” and how WikiLeaks’ refusal to editorialize their content and rather provide pure data to the public has allowed them to publish facts without bias.
“What is special about WikiLeaks is that it’s not just another damn story,” said Assange, “it’s not just another damn journalist putting their damn byline, advertising themselves and their position on another damn story.”
“You’re not reading pre-weaponised knowledge,” Assange said in discussing WikiLeaks vast database of information. “When you read a newspaper article, you are reading weaponised text that is designed to affect a person just like you… I think that is the real beauty of WikiLeaks… it is that sea of information, that treasure, that intellectual treasure, that rebel library of Alexandria you can go into.”
Surprisingly, Assange said that he was quite happy to see the narrative of “fake news” being pushed by the media, claiming so far WikiLeaks has a 100% correct record when it comes to verifiable information.
“When the narrative of fake news came out and was then taken off effectively by the neo-liberal press and pushed around… I could see exactly where that was going. I was rather happy about it,” Assange said. “WikiLeaks is very happy that there is a narrative about fake news out there because we have a perfect record of having never got it wrong in terms of authentications.”
“The real value in WikiLeaks is it is a wonderful library that you can trust… But the library has to be marketed. And so the scandal-generation business, which we’re also in — I view that as a kind of marketing effort for what is much more substantial, which is our archive,” he continued. “We try and maximize the value of the information to readers. So that’s publishing it at the moment when they most want to read it, when they most want to know what it contains. And that’s definitely before an election rather than after election.”
When asked about the accuracy of the released emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Assange said, “We had lots of critics in the Democratic Party, liars in the Democratic Party… saying that what we published was not accurate — trying to imitate it, sometimes saying it directly. And of course we could mathematically prove that they were liars. And it’s not every day that you can mathematically prove that your critics are full of it.”



ARTICLE
62-year-old activist Michael Moore has launched a website inciting Anti-Trump riots across America in order to oust the President from office. 
On his Facebook page, Moore announced the launch of the “Resistance Calendar” website – a site which supports any kind of legal or illegal anti-Trump event in America.
Dailycaller.com reports:
“GOOD NEWS FRIENDS,” Moore wrote in the lengthy post. “I’ve promised you a one-stop site, a clearinghouse of all actions–a RESISTANCE CALENDAR–where you can find EVERY upcoming action, protest, march, sit-in, town hall, anti-Trump, pro-democracy event in all 50 states! A site where YOU can post your own action so all can see it.”
“A place where you can quickly go and check it daily, ensuring that you don’t miss any event in your area to stop the Trump madness,” he added.
“So, right now, I and a team of graphic designers are launching the RESISTANCE CALENDAR!”

“So much is happening so fast it’s hard to keep track of all the actions popping up–but our intention is to do just that,” he continued.
“Every day. A 24/7 clearinghouse of the already MASSIVE resistance to Trump, to the Republican Congress, and, yes, to many of the spineless Democratic politicians out there.”
“We welcome all resisters across the movement to use this tool,” he wrote.
“It’s completely free. There’s no big ‘funder’ or group behind it. There will be no ads, no commercialization, no fundraising lists — all the stuff we hate. Just you, me, the volunteers donating their time to keep it going and the World Wide Web. BOOM!”
“And remember — All hands on deck,” he added. “It’s the only way we’re going to beat him and lessen the damage he’s doing.
Our goal is his removal from office–and the defeat of any politician who isn’t with us. WE ARE THE MAJORITY.”



ARTICLE
The “serial child molester” who has ties with the Podesta family, was sentenced in April last year to 15 months in prison for paying his victims to keep quiet.
He sexually abused young members of a wrestling team that he coached, until one of them broke his silence despite having been paid hush money by the former speaker.
Now Hastert, who was once third in line to ascend to the presidency under George W. Bush, wants his money back.
His lawyer argues: “To the extent any contract existed between plaintiff [Individual A] and defendant [Hastert], plaintiff breached that contract.” And therefore “…plaintiff is accordingly required to return $1.7 million to defendant.”
Anonymous News HQ reports:
When Pizzagate made its way to headlines around the world, many dismissed it as fake news, with no basis in reality. Whether or not the details alleged in Pizzagate are valid or not, it doesn’t detract from the reality that pedophilia is a real thing that does involve members holding the highest office in the US government. Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is living proof. Once third in line to ascend to the presidency, Hastert was outed for raping children in 2015.
One of his victims, who has only been identified as ‘Individual A’ in court documents, was illegally paid off to stay quiet. It was this payoff that eventually led to his having to explain the payment, which ultimately led to his outing as a pedophile. After his outing as a child molester, Hastert was indicted and pleaded guilty to various charges surrounding the molestation of multiple individuals. He avoided long term jail time, because the system is inherently corrupt. Hastert stated he took the plea agreement to avoid an embarrassing trial.
Now that his reputation has been ruined, he seeks revenge against the plaintiff in the criminal case, who was identified as Individual A. After paying him over a million dollars in hush money, Hastert is suing Individual A to recoup that money, as he claims Individual A did not live up to his end of the arrangement. Basically, after raping him and lying to police about it, he feels he is entitled to a refund because his victim couldn’t keep his mouth shut. Hastert’s lawyers assert, “To the extent any contract existed between plaintiff [Individual A] and defendant [Hastert], plaintiff breached that contract.”

The letter of intent goes on to state, “Plaintiff’s breach of conduct resulted in damages to defendant and plaintiff is accordingly required to return $1.7 million to defendant.” The attorney for Individual A, Kristi Brown, stated to the media that the lawsuit is frivolous. “Mr. Hastert has decided that rather than live up to his promise to compensate his victim for his molestation and resulting injury, he will ask his victim to pay him. He admits to agreeing to make payments, but then denies that it is an agreement that he has to keep. His response is predictable and we look forward to entering the discovery phase of the case.”

Hastert is just one of many elected officials who have talked tough on crime, and defended the little guy, only to turn out to have participated in the most heinous crime imaginable. While incidents like Pizzagate become a thing of conspiracy theorists, the underlying truth is that there are active pedophiles working for, and with upper level members of the US government. Hastert’s case is an eye-opening example of this, and his behavior towards his victim shows him as the monster he truly is.



ARTICLE
An Iraqi hacker hacked and defaced a server associated with presidential campaign fund-raising for Donald Trump.
Hacker Pro_Mast3r, claiming to be from Iraq, targeted the server secure2.donaldjtrump.com Sunday evening.
According to Ars Technica, the hacker defaced the home page with a peace message.
Tech Worm reports:
While the website is not directly linked to Trump’s presidential campaign fundraising home page, the server: secure2.donaldjtrump.com is behind Cloudflare’s content management and security platform, according to ArsTechnica.
While the certificate of the server is legitimate and looks like a real Trump campaign server, the image displayed is linked to some other website. The picture shows a man in black fedora with the following given text:
Hacked By Pro_Mast3r ~
 Attacker Gov
 Nothing Is Impossible
 Peace From Iraq.
The source code of the hacked server does not comprise of any malicious script, according to Italian IT journalist Paolo Attivissimo. Instead, it is an animated script which also includes a link to javascript on a now-nonexistent Google Code account, masterendi, previously associated with the hacking of at least three other websites. In his blog, Attivissimo has deemed the hacker “very amateurish”.
The identity of the hacker still remains unclear.
 



ARTICLE
President Trump is set to issue an executive order instructing 100,000 National Guard troops in key states to round up illegal and undocumented immigrants living and working in the United States. 
An internal memo from the Department of Homeland Security discusses practical solutions to allow President Trump to fulfill his election campaign promise of removing illegal immigrants who have made the United States their home in violation of the law.
The proposal, which came from Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, says troops in 11 states could be mobilized, including those bordering Mexico but also as far north as Oregon.
The troops would be authorized “to perform the functions of an immigration officer in relation to the investigation, apprehension, and detention of aliens in the United States.”
The memo specifically states that President Trump “has determined that the lawful detention of arriving aliens pending a determination of their admissibility and eligibility for immigration relief has a significant deterrent effect on illegal immigration.”
Department of Homeland Security reports that the proposal is in the advanced stage of planning and is now pending approval.
The National Guards of these states could go door to door to check for documentation on immigrants or anyone who does not have the legal right to live and work in the country.
When the federal government decides to authorize the National Guard to enforce the immigration laws of the land, it will be up to the states to approve the order. The states that are the most likely targets for the order are California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana.
Only three of these states have Democratic governors, suggesting most will actively comply with President Trump’s plan.
Read the memo in its entirety here – the relevant sections begin on page 3, under section D.



ARTICLE
A CIA insider has confirmed that spies within the Central Intelligence Agency are actively “plotting against” President Trump and trying to bring him down. 
According to the former CIA operative, intelligence officials are illegally withholding or leaking sensitive information as part of a Deep State plot to overthrow the Trump administration.
Bryan Dean Wright from Fox News says: “Multiple reports show that my former colleagues in the intelligence community have decided that they must leak or withhold classified information due to unsettling connections between President Trump and the Russian Government.”
Independent.co.uk reports:
The former CIA operative made his comments after the Wall Street Journal reported US officials and intelligence were withholding sensitive information from President Trump because of fears the information could be leaked or compromised.
Alleged strong ties between Mr Trump and President Putin’s government have created mistrust within the intelligence community, official sources said.
Last week, Mr Trump accused the US intelligence service of illegally giving information to the “fake news media” about his team’s alleged contact with Russian officials.

Mr Wright also blamed some spies within the intelligence community for going beyond their duty and interfering with American democracy.
He also attacked those “plotting against” the US President, accusing them of “breaking the law” and “committing treason”.
“However, some of America’s spies are deciding that that’s not enough. For reasons of misguided righteousness or partisan hatred, they’ve taken it upon themselves to be judge, jury, and executioner. They have prosecuted their case in the court of public opinion…
“The spies who are plotting against President Trump are breaking US laws. They’re violating their oaths. And they’re committing treason to remedy (perceived) treason. They likely don’t see it that way, of course,” he said.



ARTICLE
When Samsung updated its privacy policy, they reaffirmed to its users that Smart TVs do secretly listen and record customers’ conversations. 
In 2015, Samsung announced that Smart TV sets listen to peoples conversations, and were forced to issue warnings to customers not to say anything confidential while near their TV sets.
Theweek.com reports:
The company revealed that the voice activation feature on its smart TVs will capture all nearby conversations.
The TV sets can share the information, including sensitive data, with Samsung as well as third-party services.
The news comes after Shane Harris at The Daily Beast pointed out a troubling line in Samsung’s privacy policy:
“Please be aware that if your spoken words include personal or other sensitive information, that information will be among the data captured and transmitted to a third party.”
Samsung has now issued a new statement clarifying how the voice activation feature works.
“If a consumer consents and uses the voice recognition feature, voice data is provided to a third party during a requested voice command search,” Samsung said in a statement. “At that time, the voice data is sent to a server, which searches for the requested content then returns the desired content to the TV.”
The company added that it does not retain or sell the voice data, and has updated its policy and named the third party in question, Nuance Communications, Inc.
Samsung has updated its policy and named the third party in question, Nuance Communications, Inc.



ARTICLE
The Russian ambassador to the United Nations, Vitaly Churkin, died unexpectedly at the age of 65 on Tuesday, the Russian foreign ministry has confirmed. 
Churkin served as Russia’s permanent representative to the UN since 2006, and died of a mysterious heart attack in New York, according to reports.
Nydailynews.com reports:
Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power tweeted that Churkin was a “diplomatic maestro and deeply caring man” who did all he could to bridge differences between the U.S. and Russia.
Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Churkin died “unexpectedly” and noted that Tuesday was his birthday.
“Great diplomat. Uncommon personality. Brilliant person. We lost one of our own,” she wrote on Facebook.

Last year, Churkin filed a formal complaint at the U.N. demanding the high commissioner for human rights stop criticizing then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, The Intercept reported.
Churkin  was considered Moscow’s great champion at the U.N.
He had a reputation for an acute wit and sharp repartee, especially with his American and Western counterparts.
He was previously ambassador at large and earlier served as the foreign ministry spokesman.
“A brilliant ambassador who served his country & people. May he rest in peace,” Karel van Oosterom, the Netherlands’ ambassador to the U.N. tweeted.

His death comes amid heightened scrutiny of the Trump administration’s ties to Russia.
Last week, Trump’s national security advisor Michael Flynn resigned after it emerged he had lied about lied  about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador about U.S. sanctions on Moscow before Trump took office.
Churkin’s death is the second recent unexpected loss for Russia’s diplomatic corps. In December Russia’s ambassador to Turkey was assassinated at an art exhbit in Ankara.



ARTICLE
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul has blasted John McCain, calling him out a “warmonger killer” who he says the American public are lucky to not have in charge. 
Following McCain’s attack on President Trump’s criticism of the press on Sunday, Rand Paul hit back at the 2008 GOP presidential nominee, saying, “we’re very lucky John McCain is not in charge.”
Foxnews.com reports:
“Everything that he says about the president is colored by his own personal dispute he’s got running with President Trump, and it should be taken with a grain of salt, because John McCain’s the guy who’s advocated for war everywhere,” Paul said on “This Week.”
Paul added that if McCain were “in charge” the country would “be in perpetual war.”
“If you look at the map, there’s probably at least six different countries where John McCain has advocated for us having boots on the ground,” said Paul, who noted that McCain supported the Iraq war.
McCain on “Meet The Press” had earlier compared Trump – with whom he’s long had myriad differences and squabbles – to a dictator.
“The first thing that dictators do is shut down the press,” McCain said. “And I’m not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator. I’m just saying we need to learn the lessons of history.”
But Paul said McCain’s issue with Trump is less about the First Amendment and more about the men’s views on overseas engagements.
“I think it’s more a foreign policy debate, and Trump and McCain are on opposite sides of that debate,” Paul said. “And I tend to sympathize more with the president. We don’t need to continue to have regime change throughout the world, nation-building.”
As far as McCain’s rhetoric saying Trump is trying to “shut down the press,” Paul cautioned against hyperbole.
“I don’t agree with his analysis and applying that to the president,” he said. “I haven’t seen any legislation coming forward that wants to limit the press. I see President Trump expressing his opinion, rather forceful in his own — you know, his own distinct way.”



ARTICLE
Residents in parts of California have been told to prepare for an imminent evacuation as a powerful storm threatens to cause flooding across many parts of the State. 
As the first outer rain bands from a Pacific storm touched Northern California on Sunday, residents in the Central Valley were told to be prepared to leave their homes amid fears that severe flooding could hit the State on Monday and Tuesday as the severity of the storm is expected to worsen.
Sacbee.com reports:
On Sunday, the weather service issued a flood warning in urban areas and along small streams through Thursday for the counties that make up the Sacramento and northern San Joaquin valleys, as well as for most of the counties that sit along the Valley’s rim.
“We may see flooding in locations which haven’t been impacted in many years,” the alert reads.
In other words, those living anywhere near a river, a slough, a levee, a creek or a canal need to be ready to flee floodwaters at a moment’s notice.
Case in point: Maxwell, a rice-farming town of 1,100 people an hour north of Sacramento. It flooded early Saturday as storm runoff overwhelmed a creek, filling a neighborhood and small business district with more than a foot of water.
Bingaman said the same scenario in Maxwell could happen in just about any low-lying area.
“We have been hit hard with storm after storm after storm since early January, so our soils are very saturated and it’s getting to the point where there’s no place for the water to go,” she said.
In Maxwell, the water was receding Sunday morning and only one person was still at a Red Cross shelter in nearby Williams, said Jim Saso, assistant sheriff at the Colusa County Sheriff’s Office. But with the next storm approaching, he urged residents to be ready to get out again.
“If they were affected (by the floodwaters) before, they’ll probably be affected again,” Saso said.
In Maxwell on Sunday, residents hurriedly stacked sandbags made from rice sacks around their houses as they prepared for that eventuality.
“It’s going to be worse than the last one,” said Richard Airozo, 77.



ARTICLE
US intelligence officials from the CIA and FBI claim that allegations that the Trump Administration have ties to Russia are “grossly overstated” and “completely wrong”.
According to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, rumors about Trump having ties to Russia are based on pure fantasy.
“I can assure you, the top levels of the intelligence community have assured me that [the allegation] is not only grossly overstated, but also wrong,” Priebus told Fox News Sunday.
“They have made it very clear that the story is complete garbage,” he said.
Rt.com reports:
Priebus declined to name his sources within the CIA and FBI, according to the report.
“There are certain things that are happening in the news that just aren’t honest,” the White House official added, when asked to comment on Trump’s relations with the media.
This week, the New York Times published a report claiming that “members of Donald J. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.” Citing “current and former American officials,” the report suggested there were “phone records and intercepted calls” to prove the allegations.
Priebus had already denounced the report, saying not “a single bit of evidence” has been seen to support it.
“Top levels of the intelligence community… have greenlighted me to say that I have talked to the highest levels of intelligence officials and they have assured me that the New York Times story about constant contact is grossly overstated and inaccurate,” Priebus said in an interview with ‘Fox and Friends’ on Friday.

During his first solo press conference since becoming president, Trump on Thursday refuted reports of his connections with Russian intelligence, calling “the whole Russian thing… a ruse.” The president said he wanted normal relations with the Kremlin, but blamed the media for trying to prevent it.
“The false, horrible fake reporting makes it much harder to make a deal with Russia,” he said, adding, “It would be great, if we could get along with Russia… You had a lot of presidents that have not taken that tack. Look where we are now.”



ARTICLE
A set of WikiLeaks documents reveal that the CIA enlisted Canada as one of several countries to help them hack the 2012 French presidential election.
According to three CIA tasking orders released on Thursday, the Central Intelligence Agency requested that French president Francois Hollande, former president Nicolas Sarkozy and Marine Le Pen all be “closely monitored,” as part of an attempt by the U.S. government to influence the outcome of the election.
Ottawacitizen.com reports:
CIA officers were asked to uncover the secret strategies of the candidates, as well as information on internal power dynamics within the parties. Canada is listed as one of five countries working on human intelligence parts of the operation however there are no specifics on which parts of the operation, if any, Canada was involved in.
The Canadian Security Intelligence Service, the Communications Security Establishment Canada, and the Department of Global Affairs did not immediately reply to requests for comment. Ashley Lemire, senior communications advisor at the Department of National Defence, told the National Post: “The Government of Canada does not comment on leaked documents.”
These revelations come amidst claims by the U.S. intelligence community that Russia interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
The orders are all marked “NOFORN”, meaning they are supposed to be restricted to U.S. eyes only so no potential allies are offended. Leaked documents showing Canadian spying on allies have caused significant diplomatic issues before.
In 2013, documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden showed that the Communications Security Establishment Canada spied on Brazil’s mining and energy ministry in an attempt to gain economic intelligence. At the time, NDP leader Tom Mulcair said the revelations gave Canada “a black eye in the world.”
Economic intelligence was also a focus of the spying during France’s 2012 election. Agents were asked to answer questions about non-ruling political parties and candidates including:
“What are their opinions on the German model of export-led growth?” A 2012 document, marked “SECRET”, that Wiklieaks previously released, tasks U.S. intelligence with compiling information on brewing export deals or export contracts in France worth $200 million or more.
In addition to Canada, New Zealand, Great Britain, and Australia are all listed under a section indicating which countries are assisting with the “HUMINT” or human intelligence aspect of the operation. Those four countries, along with the United States, make up the Five Eyes intelligence sharing alliance.



ARTICLE
One of the sources of insider leaks designed to damage the Trump Administration has been revealed to be White House Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh. 
#NeverTrumper Katie Walsh is under investigation for being one of the primary people responsible for distributing highly confidential information to sources such as The New York Times and The Washington Post.
Thegatewaypundit.com reports:
When TGP reached out to GotNews founder, Charles Johnson, for comment on the story he said that it was “100% reliable, I’m unwilling to reveal the primary White House sources, but Walsh was behind the leaks.”
From GotNews:
“Everyone knows not to talk to her in the White House unless you want to see it in the press,” says a source close to the president. “The only question is whether or not she’s doing it at the behest of [White House Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or if she’s doing it to advance herself in DC media circles.”
One source in particular stands out: Walsh is close to Maggie Habberman, a New York Timesreporter who wrote fawning pro-Republican National Committee stories during the presidential election. Walsh has also planted stories in The Washington Post and Politico.
Walsh is referred to as “Madame President” in the White House, says a senior aide. “It isn’t a compliment.”
Walsh would have significant access as she controls the president’s schedule. There’s also reportedly a trove of e-mails where Katie Walsh and Reince Priebus discuss how to rid themselves of Trump, according to a former #NeverTrump consultant.
“The president and his allies have been deliberately feeding her fake information in order to find her network,” says a source close to the president’s family. “It’s been going well.”
Walsh was a #NeverTrump Republican during the campaign. Neither Walsh nor her family were supporters during the campaign, says a source from Walsh’s hometown of St. Louis.
A White House investigation is planned into Walsh, who couldn’t be reached for comment.
This comes shortly after the Washington Examiner has reported that The House Intelligence Chair, Devin Nunes, set forth that there are also Obama-era officials in the Trump Administration, who are leaking formation as the Administration re-staffs.
UPDATE: Maggie Habberman, who is being investigated for collusion with Kate Walsh, was previously exposed in the Podesta email leaks:



ARTICLE
The US Navy has deployed an aircraft carrier strike group to the South China Sea waters, ignoring warnings from Beijing to cease provocations with China. 
According to the US Navy, the deployment of USS Carl Vinson, together with aircraft from the Carrier Air Wing 2, and the guided-missile destroyer USS Wayne E.Meyer are part of “routine operations” in the disputed region.
Rt.com reports:
The deployment of the Carrier Strike Group (CSG) 1 began Saturday, just days after China issued a stern warning to stay away from the area.
“China has indisputable sovereignty over the South China Sea islands and their adjacent waters,” China’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Wednesday. “China respects and upholds the freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea which countries enjoy under international law, but firmly opposes any country’s attempt to undermine China’s sovereignty and security in the name of the freedom of navigation and overflight.”
Despite the warning, US patrols got underway in the disputed waters, right after an American flotilla held drills off the islands of Hawaii and Guam to “maintain and improve their readiness and develop cohesion as a strike group.”
“The training completed over the past few weeks has really brought the team together and improved our effectiveness and readiness as a strike group,” said Rear Adm. James Kilby, commander of CSG 1. “We are looking forward to demonstrating those capabilities while building upon existing strong relationships with our allies, partners and friends in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region.”

As tensions between US and China intensify, the US Navy appears to continue disregard Beijing’s interests in the immediate proximity of the disputed islands, claiming the moves are designed to ensure the principles of freedom of navigation in international waters.
The Spratly Islands, or Spratlys, comprise more than 750 islets, atolls, and reefs, and lie off the coastlines of Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and China, with all the claimants having their own national names for the archipelago. Beijing persists in claiming the reefs in defiance of a ruling issued by the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA) at the Hague.
While freedom of navigation and military drills accelerated under President Barack Obama’s administration, Trump and his team appear to be heading on a collision course with China.
US-China relations, already frosty over the disputed South China Sea islands, became more strained after Trump’s phone conversation with Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen, which immediately followed the Republican’s victory. The exchange infuriated Beijing, who considered it running against the bilateral protocol of the so-called ‘One-China’ policy, under which Washington views Taiwan as part of China.
And just over the last two weeks, both Trump and James Mattis, the current US Secretary of Defense, vowed to protect Japan in any territorial disputes it has with China in the East China Sea.
The situation has been further exacerbated by China’s militarization of the South China Sea. Chinese State media Xinhua announced on Friday that China’s Navy had completed a week-long exercise there. The “scheduled” maneuvers entailed sudden attack drills and had three Chinese warships participating, including a destroyer.



ARTICLE
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham vowed on Sunday that Congress will push ahead with a bill to sanction Russia for interfering in the U.S. presidential election adding that 2017 “is going to be a year of kicking Russia in the ass”

Graham also said he believes Moscow is going to try to influence the upcoming elections in Europe.
RT reports:
Speaking at the Munich Security Conference on Sunday, the Republican senator referred to accusations by both Republicans and Democrats: that Kremlin-backed hackers conspired to rig the 2016 US presidential election at the expense of Hillary Clinton, adding that a bipartisan investigation is due to get underway.
“If you’re worried that we’re not going to look long and hard at what Russia did in our election because Trump won and the Republicans are in charge, you don’t need to worry about that,” the South Carolina lawmaker told delegates from around the world. “I promise everybody in this room that Congress is going to take a long, hard look at what Russia did to undermine our elections, so they’ll be better prepared when they come your way.”
If the investigation turned up any evidence of Russian interference there would be consequences, Graham warned.
“So we’ve introduced Russia sanctions for interfering in our election, apart from what they did in Crimea, we’re going to have a vote on it.
It’s going to be bipartisan, we’re going to get north of 75 votes and my goal is to put it on Trump’s desk and I hope he will embrace the idea that as the leader of the free world, he should be working with us to punish Russia.”
Graham said he believed Moscow would try to influence the upcoming elections in Europe. “To our German friends, you’re next. To our friends in France, they’re coming after you. And to my friend Mr. Lavrov, I hope you finally suffer some consequences for what you and your regime have been doing to democracies, and 2017 is going to be the year of kicking Russia in the ass in Congress,” he told delegates at the Bayerischer Hof Hotel on Sunday.
Moscow has consistently denied all allegations of any state-backed hacking while cybersecurity and intelligence experts have said there is no evidence for these claims.
“If I was the Chinese and I wanted to make it look like the Russians did it, I would use Russian language within the code, I would use Russian techniques of breaking into the organization,” cybersecurity pioneer John McAfee told RT in December, adding that “there simply is no way to assign a source for any attack.”



ARTICLE
Barack Obama is behind a domestic terrorism manual being used by tens of thousands of agitators that aims to ‘overthrow the Trump presidency’. 
Organizing for Action (OFA), was founded by Obama and has recently published a new training manual that advocates violently bullying lawmakers to undermine and oust President Trump.
Nypost.com reports:
In a new Facebook post, OFA calls on activists to mobilize against Republicans from now until Feb. 26, when “representatives are going to be in their home districts.”
The protesters disrupted town halls earlier this month, including one held in Utah by House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz, who was confronted by hundreds of angry demonstrators claiming to be his constituents.
The manual, published with OFA partner “Indivisible,” advises protesters to go into halls quietly so as not to raise alarms, and “grab seats at the front of the room but do not all sit together.” Rather, spread out in pairs to make it seem like the whole room opposes the Republican host’s positions. “This will help reinforce the impression of broad consensus.” It also urges them to ask “hostile” questions — while keeping “a firm hold on the mic” — and loudly boo the the GOP politician if he isn’t “giving you real answers.”
“Express your concern [to the event’s hosts] they are giving a platform to pro-Trump authoritarianism, racism, and corruption,” it says.
The goal is to make Republicans, even from safe districts, second-guess their support for the Trump agenda, and to prime “the ground for the 2018 midterms when Democrats retake power.”
“Even the safest [Republican] will be deeply alarmed by signs of organized opposition,” the document states, “because these actions create the impression that they’re not connected to their district and not listening to their constituents.”
After the event, protesters are advised to feed video footage to local and national media.
“Unfavorable exchanges caught on video can be devastating” for Republican lawmakers, it says, when “shared through social media and picked up by local and national media.” After protesters gave MSNBC, CNN and the networks footage of their dust-up with Chaffetz, for example, the outlets ran them continuously, forcing Chaffetz to issue statements defending himself.
The manual also advises protesters to flood “Trump-friendly” lawmakers’ Hill offices with angry phone calls and emails demanding the resignation of top White House adviser Steve Bannon.
A script advises callers to complain: “I’m honestly scared that a known racist and anti-Semite will be working just feet from the Oval Office … It is everyone’s business if a man who promoted white supremacy is serving as an adviser to the president.”
The document provides no evidence to support such accusations.
Protesters, who may or may not be affiliated with OFA, are also storming district offices. Last week, GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher blamed a “mob” of anti-Trump activists for knocking unconscious a 71-year-old female staffer at his Southern California office. A video of the incident, showing a small crowd around an opening door, was less conclusive.
Separately, OFA, which is run by ex-Obama officials and staffers, plans to stage 400 rallies across 42 states this year to attack Trump and Republicans over ObamaCare’s repeal.
“This is a fight we can win,” OFA recently told its foot soldiers. “They’re starting to waver.”
On Thursday, Trump insisted he’s moving ahead with plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, which has ballooned health-insurance premiums and deductibles. “Obamacare is a disaster, folks,” he said, adding that activists protesting its repeal are hijacking GOP town halls and other events.
“They fill up our rallies with people that you wonder how they get there,” the president said. “But they’re not the Republican people that our representatives are representing.”
As The Post reported, OFA boasts more than 250 offices nationwide and more than 32,000 organizers, with another 25,000 actively under training. Since November, it’s beefed up staff and fundraising, though as a “social welfare” non-profit, it does not have to reveal its donors.
These aren’t typical Black Lives Matter or Occupy Wall Street marchers, but rather professionally trained organizers who go through a six-week training program similar to the training — steeped in Alinsky agitation tactics — Obama received in Chicago when he was a community organizer.
Chicago socialist Saul Alinsky, known by the left as “the father of community organizing,” taught radicals to “rub raw the sores of discontent” and create the conditions for a “revolution.” He dedicated his book, “Rules for Radicals,” to “Lucifer.” Michelle Obama quoted from the book when she helped launch OFA in 2013.
Obama appears to be behind the anti-Trump protests. He praised recent demonstrations against Trump’s travel ban. And last year, after Trump’s upset victory, he personally rallied OFA troops to “protect” his legacy in a conference call. “Now is the time for some organizing,” he said. “So don’t mope” over the election results.
He promised OFA activists he would soon join them in the fray.
“Understand that I’m going to be constrained in what I do with all of you until I am again a private citizen, but that’s not so far off,” he said. “You’re going to see me early next year, and we’re going to be in a position where we can start cooking up all kinds of great stuff.”
Added the ex-president: “I promise you that next year Michelle and I are going to be right there with you, and the clouds are going to start parting, and we’re going to be busy. I’ve got all kinds of thoughts and ideas about it, but this isn’t the best time to share them.
“Point is, I’m still fired up and ready to go, and I hope that all of you are, as well.”



ARTICLE
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has warned that over 30 million people will be dead within the next 15 years as a result of a biotechnology attack. 
Speaking at the Munich Security Conference, Gates warned that the next worldwide epidemic will likely originate from terrorists using biotechnology to spread a dangerous “supervirus” around the globe.
“The next epidemic could originate on the computer screen of a terrorist intent on using genetic engineering to create a synthetic version of the smallpox virus … or a super contagious and deadly strain of the flu,”  he told the audience.
“Whether it occurs by a quirk of nature or at the hand of a terrorist, epidemiologists say a fast-moving airborne pathogen could kill more than 30 million people in less than a year. And they say there is a reasonable probability the world will experience such an outbreak in the next 10 to 15 years,” he warned.
Rt.com reports:
Gates said the link between health security and international security is underestimated adding that governments are not paying enough attention to this threat. “We ignore the link between health security and international security at our peril.”
The absence of deadly epidemics in recent history shouldn’t lull the world into a false sense of security as such “doomsday scenarios” can occur. Gates reminded the audience of the scale of the 1918 flu pandemic which infected around 500 million people and claimed between 50-100 million lives according to various estimates.
“Most of the things we need to do to protect against a naturally occurring pandemic are the same things we must prepare for an intentional biological attack.”
The catastrophic consequences of a pandemic are comparable to nuclear war and climate change, Gates believes. “I view the threat of deadly pandemics right up there with nuclear war and climate change.”
He added that proper preparation could mitigate the risks. Such readiness includes the creation of a medical “arsenal of new weapons” to counter various epidemics. He said people need to “prepare for epidemics the way the military prepares for war,” such as, conducting exercises to understand viruses’ behavior. Last year, the US government conducted a similar experiment, releasing “gas” in the New York subway.
Reducing the time for creating a vaccine, surveillance and cooperation improvement are also among necessary requirements to tackle a pandemic, according to Gates. Lack of proper preparation can cost up to $570 billion annually, he added.
Gates’ speech at the Munich conference is not the first time the billionaire has voiced concerns about bioterrorism. In January, he warned about the potential dangers of bioterrorism during the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Speaking to BBC radio in December 2016, Gates spoke about human vulnerabilities to fast-spreading diseases.



ARTICLE
Prosecutor Michael O’Malley has uncovered evidence of over 70 child pedophile cases that were deliberately ignored by authorities in Cleveland. 
According to O’Malley, authorities in Cleveland ignored around 70 rape and sexual assault crimes involving children.
Morningjournal.com reports:
“There was a conscious decision (by prosecutors) to make some of these cases inactive,” O’Malley said. “It’s outrageous.”
The problem was first reported Monday by Cleveland.com.
Charges have been filed in about a dozen of the 70 cases thus far, O’Malley said, adding that some may not result in charges while others will be sent back to police for further investigation. The review of the inactive cases could result in hundreds of new charges being filed, he said.
The prosecutor’s office was first alerted to the problem during O’Malley’s first week in office by an advocate from the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center acting on behalf of victims’ families who asked for an update about some of the cases that had been ignored.
The review has consumed the prosecutor’s office during O’Malley’s first six weeks in office. “We’re peeling the layers of an onion,” he said. “And every day there are more revelations.”
Some of the victims in the 70 cases were as young as 3 years old. And some of the cases, which date back three years, would have been easy to prosecute because suspects confessed, O’Malley said.
Three assistant county prosecutors have been forced to resign and four others have been disciplined. O’Malley said he plans to refer prosecutors’ names to the Ohio Supreme Court’s disciplinary counsel.
It’s not clear why prosecutors failed to act on the cases or to enter them into the office’s case-management system. O’Malley said he finds it “hard to believe” that his predecessor, Tim McGinty, would have allowed prosecutors to ignore cases. O’Malley defeated McGinty in last year’s Democratic primary and was elected by a wide margin in November.
McGinty didn’t return telephone messages seeking comment on Tuesday.
O’Malley said some of the prosecutors were new to the job, but he noted that a supervisor who resigned had been on the job for more than a decade.
The Juvenile Court’s prosecutor’s unit was previously run by Duane Deskins, who was hired last month by the city of Cleveland to lead an anti-violence program involving youths and young adults. Attempts to reach Deskins on Tuesday through a city spokesman were unsuccessful.
Deskins told Cleveland.com he couldn’t respond to what O’Malley and his staff have uncovered without details from each case, but said he didn’t know cases had been ignored and that there were two levels of supervisors who worked underneath him.



ARTICLE
An object believed to be a rock hit a car in the procession as the motorcade was making its way from the airport to Trump’s South Florida Mar-a-Lago retreat.
The Secret Service has launched an investigation into the incident.
Presidential limo “The Beast” was not struck by the object, according to reports.
The Hill reports:
A US Secret Service spokesperson told members of the President’s press pool that they are investigating an incident: “The Secret Service can confirm that an object appears to have been thrown at the motorcade this afternoon. We are investigating at this time and don’t have anything further.”
According to ABC News, law enforcement said the object was a rock. It didn’t hit the presidential limo, but another vehicle in the motorcade.


President Trump is in Florida visiting his Palm Beach resort Mar-a-Lago for a third straight weekend; last weekend he was joined by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Trump is expected to appear at a rally in Melbourne, Fla., on Saturday.



ARTICLE
Vietnam war activist and renowned Zen master Thich Nhat Hanh is an advocate of mindfulness and non violence.
The Huffington Post interviewed the nuns and monks who practise Engaged Buddhism at the 90-year-old Zen master’s Plum Village monastery in southern France.
What they learnt opened their minds. The fact that the world around us defines us and we define the world, hence all is one.
Donald Trump is a product of the environment and at the moment that environment is toxic and volatile.
Emotions may trump the mind in important matters.
Brother Phap Dung told HuffPo that we all have “elements of Trump in us.”
Heat Street reports:
Huff Po evidently thought that visiting the monastery of Thich Nhat Hanh, who pioneered the Engaged Buddhism idea and is a leading social and environmental activist, would give them much-needed insight on how to ramp up the resistance.
Except what they found doesn’t exactly seem to be what they wanted to hear. For example, Sister Peace, a nun at the monastery, Plum Village, who previously worked in the office of the mayor of Washington, stressed the need to “recognize, listen to and embrace” the other point of view—an approach hardly prioritized by Huff Po of late.
Sister Peace said: “If we can be strong in ourselves, then we could offer a resistance that is nonviolent. But that means that we ourselves are at a place where we can have that recognition and we can offer that to another. And that is a great, great source of love and having the other feel they’re being recognized and listened to and embraced.”
Brother Phap Dung, a monk at Plum Village and previously an architect based in Los Angeles, stressed the virtues of “non-action,” again something that will be anathema to many Never Trumpers who are declaring war on the President.
“Non-action sometimes is very powerful,” Brother Phap Dung pronounced. “Sometimes we underestimate someone sitting very calm, very solid and not reacting and that they can touch a place of peace, a place of love, a place of nondiscrimination. That is not inaction.”
Brother Phap Dung also added that (shock! Horror!) everybody has “elements of Trump in us.” He said: “We have the wrong perception that we are separate from the other,” he said. “So in a way Trump is a product of a certain way of being in this world so it is very easy to have him as a scapegoat. But if we look closely, we have elements of Trump in us and it is helpful to have time to reflect on that.”
Huff Po‘s Resistance Army of readers took exception to the piece in the comments section. “So easy when you are not living it 24/7 and one can just remove oneself,” fumed Tracy Richards-Pelle.
Katelynn Marie Sommers wrote:  “He [Trump] is totally messing with my zen thing, man.”

The Huffington Post probably won’t be returning to Plum Village in a while.
 



ARTICLE
He says the wheels are coming off the Donald Trump presidency, and “we’re all in the back of the car.”
The host of HBO’s political talk show, Real Time with Bill Maher, has made a serious observation about the Trump Administration, whom he likens to a circus.
On Friday night’s show, Mahler said people are being screwed big time while watching the Trump show.
The likes of Scott Pruitt being named to run the EPA, or Sarah Palin named for Canadian ambassador, are nothing more than distractions.
“While you’re watching the clown screw the pony, they’re breaking into your car.”
The Huffington Post reports:

The “Real Time” host admitted it was “fun to watch the wheels come off the Trump car” — using the president’s 77-minute “brain fart” of a news conference the previous day as an example. But it was only amusing “until we remember we’re riding in the back,” said Maher. “Then it’s not so fucking fun any more.”
Maher described the touting of Sarah Palin, the 2008 vice presidential candidate and former Alaska governor, as ambassador to Canada as merely one of several distraction tactics.
“While you’re watching the clown screw the pony, they’re breaking into your car,” said Maher.

via GIPHY
As examples of the things people are being distracted away from, he cited the confirmation of the Environmental Protection Agency’s longtime adversary Scott Pruitt as its new chief and Michael Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser amid allegations he discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with the Russian ambassador in the weeks before Trump took office.



ARTICLE
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson fired a whole team of Deep State “shadow government” employees on Thursday, in a move that has shaken the State Department to its very core.
Tillerson laid of staff working on the seventh floor of the State Department, all of whom were told on Thursday that their “services are no longer required.”
The seventh floor of the State Department was acknowledged by the FBI via a Freedom of Information Act request as being “home to the shadow government.”
According to CBS News:
While Rex Tillerson is on his first overseas trip as Secretary of State, his aides laid off staff at the State Department on Thursday.
Much of seventh-floor staff, who work for the Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources and the Counselor offices, were told today that their services were no longer needed
In October, 2016, the FBI was forced to reveal, via an FOIA request, that employees who worked on the 7th floor were working for the U.S. shadow government.
CNBC reports:
A new trove of interview summaries and notes from the FBI’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails lays out a series of allegations that could prove fodder for future attacks on the Democratic presidential nominee.
One revelation in the documents came from an interview with an unidentified person who suggested that Freedom of Information Act requests related to Clinton went through a group sometimes called “the Shadow Government.”
“There was a powerful group of very high-ranking STATE officials that some referred to as ‘The 7th Floor Group’ or ‘The Shadow Government.’ This group met every Wednesday afternoon to discuss the FOIA process, Congressional records, and everything CLINTON-related to FOIA/Congressional inquiries,” the FBI’s interview summary said.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump blasted the mainstream media on Friday, saying that “fake news” corporations are “enemies of the American people.”
In a scathing tweet, Trump branded The New York Times, CBS News, CNN, and NBC News as “fake news” and criticized them as being the “enemy of the American people”.

Dailycaller.com reports:
This comes a day after a lengthy combative press conference held by the president at the White House.
Trump said at the presser, “The press has become so dishonest that if we don’t talk about it we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people. We have to talk about it. We have to find out what’s going on because the press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control.”
The Trump Make American Great Again Committee, composed of Donald J. Trump for President and the Republican National Committee, subsequently sent an email to supporters Thursday titled “You’re our last line of defense.”
This email included a link to a “media accountability survey,” which President Trump wrote was necessary for supporters to take to do their “part to fight back against the media’s attacks and deceptions.”
The survey consists of 25 questions and asks people things like, “Do you believe that our Party should spend more time and resources holding the mainstream media accountable?,” or “Do you believe that the media purposely tries to divide Republicans against each other in order to help elect Democrats?”
The latter part of Trump’s fourth week in office has seemed to be concentrated on a war on the press after several major outlets have reported on leaks from intelligence officers and government officials.
The president is holding a rally in Florida Saturday because, according to a spokeswoman, the press does not “do the best job delivering his message and nobody does it better than he does.”



ARTICLE
The Pentagon has confirmed that the U.S. military used depleted uranium anti-tank rounds on Syrian civilians, during air strikes against ISIS. 
On two occasions in 2015, the military used depleted uranium munitions in air strikes against Islamic State tanker trucks, despite warnings by the United Nations Environment Program that they posed a health risk to civilians due to their “chemically and radiologically toxic heavy metal.”
Thelastamericanvagabond.com reports:
In 2015 the military claimed that they would not be using DU rounds in Syria, and for good reason.
These munitions are for punching through heavily armored tanks, which ISIS doesn’t have in any significant numbers.
But CENTCOM spokesman Major Josh Jacques recently admitted that our military had in fact deployed these rounds on vehicles used by ISIS.
During two separate attacks in November of 2015, the US Air Force destroyed 350 vehicles in Eastern Syria with a total of 5,265 armor-piercing 30 mm DU rounds.
It’s not clear if the rounds were used in areas that could affect the health of local civilians, nor is it clear why they were needed for unarmored targets.
When asked by RT, Major Jacque claimed that “The combination of Armored Piercing Incendiary (DU) rounds mixed with HEI rounds was used to ensure a higher probability of destruction of the truck fleet ISIS was using to transport its illicit oil.”
But again, these are rounds designed to penetrate military tanks, not unarmored oil trucks. Using this kind of ammunition on these soft targets is obviously overkill.
Despite widespread claims of cancer and birth defects by civilians who have lived in areas where DU rounds were used, multiple studies commissioned by the US government over the years have found no link between the use of DU munitions and negative health effects.
“We have investigated ourselves, and found ourselves guilty of no wrong-doing.”



ARTICLE
Congress has vowed to prosecute former Clinton aide Bryan Pagliano for refusing to answer questions about Hillary’s illegal use of a private email server. 
Pagliano, a former State Department employee, had helped Hillary set up her unsecured private email server, which was then used to illegally transmit classified information.
Foxnews.com reports:
Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah sent a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday asking him to convene a grand jury or charge Bryan Pagliano, the computer specialist who helped establish Clinton’s server while she was secretary of state.
Pagliano did not comply with two subpoenas ordering him to appear before the oversight panel. The GOP-led committee later voted to hold him in contempt of Congress.
Earlier this month, Chaffetz met with Trump at the White House and agreed not to discuss oversight. He has rebuffed calls for his panel to look into Trump’s businesses and possible conflicts.
Chaffetz said in a statement that allowing Pagliano’s conduct “to go unaddressed would gravely harm Congress’ ability to conduct oversight.”
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the committee, said pursuing charges against Pagliano would be a waste of time and money.
“Apparently, Chairman Chaffetz and President Trump are the only two people in Washington today who think we should still be investigating Secretary Clinton,” Cumming said in a statement. He added: “The Oversight Committee can’t afford to be distracted by political vendettas against Hillary Clinton while our constituents are begging us to conduct responsible oversight of President Trump.”
Pagliano refused to answer questions in 2015 from a House panel investigating the deadly 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya. He later spoke to the FBI under immunity, telling the bureau there were no successful security breaches of the home-brew server, located at Clinton’s home in suburban New York City.
Pagliano said he was aware of many failed login attempts that he described as “brute force attacks.”
The email issue shadowed Clinton’s candidacy for president, and Republicans were steadfast in focusing on her use of a private server for government business, with several high-profile hearings leading up to the election. Chaffetz and other Republicans cast Clinton as reckless with U.S. national security by insisting on using private communications systems at potentially greater risk of being penetrated by Chinese and Russian hackers.
But Democrats insist the sole purpose of the Benghazi hearings — and a separate inquiry by Chaffetz — was to undermine Clinton’s presidential bid. She lost to Trump despite winning the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes.
FBI Director James Comey announced last July that the FBI was not recommending charges against Clinton in the email case, although he characterized her actions as “extremely careless,” a remark that Democrats condemned as unnecessary editorializing.
Then, just 11 days before the Nov. 8 election, Comey advised Congress that new emails potentially connected to the case had been discovered and would need to be reviewed. A follow-up letter nine days later said the email review had done nothing to change the FBI’s original conclusion. Many Democrats and Clinton herself have suggested that Comey’s actions so close to the election likely affected the outcome.



ARTICLE
Acting District Attorney Dana Boente is allegedly working behind the scenes to charge former president Barack Obama with treason. 
Boente is second in the line of succession to be Attorney General of the United States, under a Feb. 9 Executive Order signed by President Trump.
According to various reports, Obama has been working behind the scenes in trying to overthrow the Trump administration, colluding with domestic terrorist organisations to incite riots nationwide.
Countdowntozerotime.com reports:
With President Obama immediately upon leaving office establishing a private website and proclaiming on it that:
“I won’t stop; in fact, I will be right there with you, as a citizen, for all my days that remain.”
Its obvious to even laymen to deduce that  “The Berkeley riots May have been ordered by President Obama himself.”
There is enough evidence for the FBI to implicate Obama for Sedition and treason but behind the scenes there is fierce debate over the fall out including worrying about traitors at all levels of government if action was taken against the Agitator in chief.
Much concerns have been raised due to his gathering around him an “army of agitators” (numbering more than 30,000) who he commands from a bunker less than two-blocks from the White House.
“Barack Obama, who many claim will be creating a shadow government to frustrate the policy goals of this administration, we’re looking at something that’s coming very close to, it seems to me, sedition,” Lou Dobbs revealed.
https://youtu.be/2qMHDBRIDd8
Most chilling, though, of President Obama’s “army of agitators”,  is that they are “gearing up for battle” with a growing war chest and more than 250 offices across the country and have also begun militant actions, and planning, with other leftist groups attempting to destroy President Trump too.
Why is this happening?
We are seeing the death of Old crumbling institutions. The rats are backed into a corner scared, angry and very very vicious.
The democrats know that they will no longer ever again have the power they have enjoyed because the public is now aware of the voter fraud and the man America elected President will not let it continue.
Trump To Launch “Major Investigation Into Voter Fraud”
This means that the Democrats who counted on the fraudulent voting machines and millions of dead voters voting for them in multiple states are dead ducks politically. So what is left for the communist democrat party?
“The FBI have investigation files proving Obama’s links to these radical leftist groups plotting the overthrow of President Trump and the US government,”
The latest evidence was just enough for experts to understand Obama’s plans to support immigrants and form a shadow government. What’s his final goal? Keep himself inside the government Indirectly.Usurp the government with dirty tricks and violent protests.
Voter Fraud Proof:18 Million Invalid & 2 Million Dead Registration.

One Of the radical leftist groups Obama’s OFA Organization for action or should we call them  “army of agitators” have begun militant action planning already
For example in Berkeley, California, an organization called BAMN (By Any Means Necessary) that State of Michigan law-enforcement officials have labeled as a potential terrorist group.  Which is a prototype  Obama will spearhead throughout the United states were on “full display” this at the University of California Berkeley when their black-clad “well-rehearsed” militants “came in a military fashion”
Usually there are around 400 of these well trained vicious violent agitators to small protests their MO is to outnumber and beat up the opposition who were sent Allegedly by Obama to stop a speech being given by the conservative British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos—and when police authorities were ordered to “stand down”, caused $100,000 in damage—and to which their “leader”, Yvette Felarca, said she had “no regrets” over the terror and chaos caused adding that “the left has been far too timid for way too long”. Indicating this will change an more violent protests are on the way.
If this wasnt coordinated by a central command and control center why were the police ordered to stand down? Who had the power and foreknowledge to do and order them to do this?
As reported by the New York Post:
Obama is intimately involved in OFA operations and even tweets from the group’s account. In fact, he gave marching orders to OFA foot soldiers following Trump’s upset victory. Far from sulking, OFA activists helped organize anti-Trump marches across US cities, some of which turned into riots.
“Obama may have in fact coordinated Berkeley riots.”
Most concerning about these radical leftist militant actions to US Attorney Boente and law enforcement throughout the land is that the FBI’s investigation into this Berkeley riot, and the FBI investigation into Berkeley’s mayor ordering his police forces to stand down, revealed that BAMN had coordinated their attacks with Obama’s OFA Oakland, California, office—and may have, in fact, been ordered by President Obama himself.
Even more disturbing about Obama’s OFA radical leftist affiliations then Berkeley,  is their partnering with a group called Knights for Socialism that has begun teaching children to chant “Kill Trump” while bashing with baseball bats effigies of America’s new president.
US District Attorney Boente is allegedly behind the scenes advocating that a grand jury be impaneled to charge the former president with treason.
This may not happen because  experts warn if that should occur, it could, most assuredly, plunge the United States into open civil warfare followed quickly by martial law.
We are at an impasse and what happens in the next few months will shape Americas future.
What Is Martial Law And How Does It Work?




ARTICLE
A former CIA agent says that General Michael Flynn was ousted from the White House after obtaining a Washington DC pedophile list naming high-level politicians who belong to a DC pedo ring. 
According to Robert David Steele, Flynn was actually fired after he obtained a list of names, some of whom the FBI were actively investigating in connection to the Pizzagate scandal, and one of whom was Vice President Mike Pence’s “best friend.”
The former CIA officer says that there are locations in Washington DC and Saudi Arabia where children are routinely “ordered” and trafficked to highly placed politicians operating in the Capitol.
Here’s the main summary points for the first 5 minutes of the video:
* Donald Trump is our chance to take down the deep state
* “White hat” intelligence community was able to stop Hillary from rigging the vote electronically like she did to Bernie
* Former CIA head John Brennan committed treason by telling lies intended to overturn the Electoral College
* John Brennan highest paid agent of Saudi Arabia, should be under FBI investigation
* Reince Priebus is an enabler and cover-upper of pedophilia — Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert is the tip of the iceberg
* Wikileaks is going to take down Priebus?
* Pedophilia is an “elite privilege” — For the Democrats it’s an “acquired taste” — Podesta is a “pedo-light”
* The Republicans and the elite in banking are the ones who have made pedophilia a “big league thing”
* There are Saudi Arabian and Washington DC restaurants with basements where you can order children off of the menu
* DC pedophilia is the Achilles heel, and Trump has figured that out
* Flynn didn’t get fired because he called the Russians
* Flynn got fired because he “had the arrogance to think” (sarcasm) that he could tell Mattis and Tillerson what to do
* Flynn pissed off VP Pence
* Flynn’s call that got him in trouble included a conversation about a list of high-level pedophiles inside the US, one of whom happens to be VP Mike Pence’s best friend
* Flynn did not tell Pence about the list, or that his “best friend” was on it. Pence found out about this from the deep state (probably NSA taps)
* The NSA has been spying on all of our politicians with impunity!
* The CIA is leaking HIGHLY classified information as part of a political coup against Trump




ARTICLE
FEMA have arrived at Travis Air Force Base in Southern California in readiness for the Oroville Dam to completely collapse. 
According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the storms currently raging through Southern California are very likely to lead to the Dam failing.
If that happens, and there’s a strong chance it will, the death toll could reach up to several thousand – making it the worst disaster in American history.
Kcra.com reports:
“FEMA has requested to use the Air Force base as a good community partner to assist in providing space, so they can stage their vehicles and supplies here, so they’re immediately ready to help the public when needed,” Hames said. “They don’t want to be caught too late to the fight, if you will, to get the supplies and such there.”
As the trucks make their way onto the base, they’re checked in and accounted for by FEMA crews before getting parked and staged in case they need to be sent to Oroville.
“We’re working really closely. We’re embedded with our state partners. We’re monitoring the situation at the Oroville Dam Spillway in case more federal assistance is needed,” external affairs officer for FEMA Region 9 Veronica Verde said.
The mobilization comes two days after President Donald Trump approved Gov. Jerry Brown’s request for a federal emergency declaration in Oroville.
At least 44 trucks and more than two dozen personnel from FEMA are expected to arrive at the base through Friday.
“We’ll move them as quickly as we can, as soon as the state says there’s a need for them,” Verde said.
With the emergency declaration approved, the state will now be responsible for only a quarter of the costs of these supplies. FEMA will pay for the other 75 percent.
But officials hope none of the trucks have to be deployed to Oroville.
“We are all hoping and keeping our fingers crossed that we won’t use any of them and everything stays normal,” Hames said.



ARTICLE
According to a 2013 study, over 2 million Hispanics who are not citizens of the United States may have illegally voted for Hillary Clinton during last years election. 
According to the study by McLaughlin and Associates, and cited by The Washington Times, 13 percent of Hispanic non-citizens in the U.S. were registered to vote.
Newsmax.com reports:
Donald Trump won the election but lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. He has said several times he believes voter fraud was rampant.
In the 2013 study, 13 percent of the non-citizen Hispanics said they were registered to vote.
According to the Times, James Agresti of Just Facts examined the results, applied it to 2013 U.S. Census data, and concluded that as many as 2.1 million Hispanics could have been illegally registered to vote.
“Contrary to the claims of many media outlets and so-called fact-checkers, this nationally representative scientific poll confirms that a sizable number of non-citizens in the U.S. are registered to vote,” Agresti said.
It is against the law for non-citizens to register to vote in U.S. elections.
During a lunch with a bipartisan group of senators last week, Trump brought new life to the issue of voter fraud by saying he and former Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters being bused in from out of state.
Some Republican lawmakers agree with Trump that at least some level of voter fraud occurred during the November election, while others aren’t on the board with the idea.



ARTICLE
The Associated Press reported that the Trump administration was considering mobilizing the National Guard to round up immigrants living in the US illegally.
According to a draft memo obtained by AP, millions of unauthorised citizens could be affected by the plan who live nowhere near the Mexican border.
The memo was written by homeland security secretary John Kelly and addressed to acting heads of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and US Customs and Border Protection.
The White House has called agency’s report “false,” but did not deny the existence of the memo.

RT.com reports:
What the AP called “unprecedented militarization of immigration enforcement” would affect locations as far north as Portland, Oregon and as far east as New Orleans, Louisiana, according to the 11-page document, purportedly written by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.
The proposal would four states bordering on Mexico – Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas – as well as the seven neighboring states of Arkansas, Colorado, Louisiana, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon and Utah. Governors in the eleven states would have a choice whether to have their guard troops participate in the round-up, according to AP.
The White House responded to the news with only one word: “False,” according to Reuters.

“This is not true,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer tweeted about the AP report, adding that Homeland Security confirmed it as “100 percent false.”

According to AP, the draft memo was dated January 25 – the day President Donald Trump issued an executive order “enhancing public safety in the interior of the United States” – and has been circulating among Homeland Security staff for the past two weeks. It is reportedly addressed to the acting chiefs of the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Protection.
The draft memo says the mobilized National Guard troops would be activated under a revived state-federal partnership program and authorized “to perform the functions of an immigration officer in relation to the investigation, apprehension and detention of aliens in the United States.“
AP posted a photocopy of the draft memo shortly before 12:30pm Eastern Time on Friday. A TIME magazine reporter posted a PDF shortly after noon.




