ARTICLE
For years, as
and his lawyers aggressively rebutted accusations that he was a sexual predator, his defenders could point to one incontrovertible fact: He had never been charged with a crime.
Now that has changed, with the announcement Wednesday by a Pennsylvania prosecutor that he was charging Mr. Cosby with aggravated indecent assault. But even as women who have accused the entertainer of sexual misconduct celebrated the charges, legal experts said Thursday that the road to conviction in the courtroom was filled with significant hurdles.
In Mr. Cosby's favor, they said, were a lack of forensic evidence related to the decade-old allegation by the woman at the center of the case, and the decision by a previous district attorney not to prosecute based on the evidence at the time.
The prosecution will perhaps be bolstered by a deposition from Mr. Cosby in a subsequent civil suit by the woman, Andrea Constand, in which he acknowledged giving other women quaaludes as a party drug in his efforts to have sex — which he insisted was always consensual. The experts also said the wave of accusations against Mr. Cosby by dozens of women over the last year strengthened the prosecution's case even if the women are not permitted to testify, because their public denunciations have resonated broadly.
The charges, and a potentially lengthy trial that is certain to be a news media spectacle, would put Mr. Cosby under a microscope like never before. And, experts said, a trial would put on display the complexities involved in reviving an old case in which the basic facts remain unchanged, and the case was certain to be closely watched by the legal profession as well as the public.
"You have to say this is a curious case for the prosecution to bring since nothing has really changed other than these other women came forward,” said Isabelle A. Kirshner, a criminal defense lawyer. "This case has a lot of obstacles for both sides, and a lot of legal issues.”
Ms. Kirshner pointed to the presence of a new district attorney in Montgomery County, where Mr. Cosby was charged, after a heated election in which Mr. Cosby was a central issue. Mr. Cosby's legal team has also seized on this political aspect.
"I think there will be many stumbling blocks for the D.A.'s office in attempting to prosecute this very old disproven allegation,” Monique Pressley, a lawyer for Mr. Cosby, said in a phone interview Thursday. "This charge is not about effectuating justice. This charge against Mr. Cosby is about fulfilling a campaign pledge.”
In 2005, Bruce Castor, then the district attorney in Montgomery County, declined to bring criminal charges based on Ms. Constand's accusations, saying he did not believe there was sufficient evidence. Mr. Castor ran to recapture his position in November but was defeated by Kevin Steele, a first assistant district attorney who made his opponent's decision not to prosecute Mr. Cosby an issue. Once elected, Mr. Steele had a limited amount of time to file charges, because the 12-year statute of limitations expires in January.
Mr. Steele said Wednesday that the criminal case was based on new evidence, including the allegations by other accusers who have since come forward and the deposition from Ms. Constand's lawsuit.
There are likely to be protracted legal struggles over those issues even before the case goes to trial. Mr. Cosby's team is almost certain to fight to bar testimony from other women who have accused him of sexual misconduct over many years, and to stop the introduction of the entertainer's own testimony from Ms. Constand's earlier lawsuit.
"If the jury is allowed to hear about allegations that they think are similar, that's going to have a powerful effect,” said Barry Coburn, a former federal prosecutor and a criminal defense lawyer based in Washington.
In Pennsylvania law, as in New York, there is a general rule against admitting evidence from other cases in which no crime has been charged because it could prejudice the trial.
But such evidence can be allowed under certain circumstances, lawyers said — for instance, if the other behavior is so similar that it can be said to demonstrate a "common scheme or plan,” a kind of unique fingerprint of the defendant.
"If these other acts come in against him to try to show a pattern or some sort of intent on his part, and that's a big, big problem for him,” said Alan Tauber, who in 2012 helped represent
, a senior Roman Catholic Church official who was charged with failing to stop child sexual abuse by some priests.
Even if the other accusers are kept out of the courtroom, their allegations, most of them made publicly over the last year, are likely to hang over the trial and will be difficult to keep out of the jurors' minds, other lawyers said. Seating a jury will be difficult, they said; the intense publicity over Mr. Cosby's suspected acts will make it hard to find jurors who have not made up their minds about the case.
As for Mr. Cosby's deposition from the 2005 civil case, his lawyers are trying to have it resealed. But investigators, who obtained the full transcript legitimately from the office of Ms. Constand's lawyer, are almost certain to be able to introduce it at the criminal trial with or without a seal, legal experts said.
The deposition could prove damaging, they said, because it could reinforce an image of Mr. Cosby as an unapologetic seducer of young women who relied on fame and wealth as levers in his sexual conquests.
Ms. Constand waited a year before coming forward to the Pennsylvania authorities to make her accusations. Once Mr. Castor declined to prosecute, she filed a civil case that was settled in 2006; her confidential settlement agreement would not have included a clause stopping her from cooperating in a criminal trial, legal experts said, because this would have been counter to public policy. Even if such a clause were included, it would be unenforceable.
Legal experts say it is not uncommon for women to delay reporting suspected assaults.
But, lawyers said, Ms. Constand will have to explain why she returned to Mr. Cosby's house on the night she said he assaulted her, a visit that she told investigators came after two previous unwanted encounters — including once when she said he unbuttoned her pants and began touching her.
The jury will have to decide whether the relationship was consensual or predatory, said Stuart P. Slotnick, a defense lawyer and former prosecutor in the Brooklyn district attorney's office.
"Despite these two horrendous meetings, she continues to trust Bill Cosby and returns to his house again?” he said.
Ms. Constand has said she returned to Mr. Cosby's house because she considered him a mentor and trusted him, and had had several subsequent meetings with him in which nothing inappropriate occurred, according to the criminal complaint.
Despite the obstacles, the criminal case against Mr. Cosby offered vindication to many women who had accused him of drugging and sexual misconduct over the years. One woman, Patricia Leary Steuer, 59, said Thursday that she was elated, particularly for Ms. Constand. "This has been a long time coming,” she said.
But, she added: "If people consider that the only victory is if he's convicted and sent to prison, then it's not a victory because we're not there yet. We don't know the outcome.”



ARTICLE
ARNOLD, Mo. —  Linda Thorne peered out the back of her trailer near here on Monday night to find water sloshing up the wooden steps.
She had thought she would be safe from the rising floodwaters. But at that point, she knew she had to go.
By Thursday, most of the trailer and many of the valuables she had left behind were submerged. And Ms. Thorne, 60, who expected to be at a hospital welcoming the birth of her first great-grandchild, instead found herself stuck under the pale fluorescent lights of a gym at a Baptist church that had become a Red Cross shelter.
“I was 'ated,” she said Thursday, reflecting on the valuables and keepsakes she left behind: Mickey Mouse figurines and dolls she wanted to give to her grandchildren; a $400 set of cast iron pans; two Damascus blade knives with hand-carved bone handles that were gifts from a friend.
“I didn’t know I was going to lose everything,” she added, her face red and ragged.
Like Ms. Thorne, many people in this part of the
"near St. Louis have come to accept that flooding is a part of life. But the damage this time has been so severe and the river levels so high that vexing questions have again been raised about whether anything can be done to truly ease the threat of the volatile and unpredictable rivers around here.
Can greater defenses be erected? Should homes be vaulted on stilts? Or is it time for some communities to pack up and leave?
Officials in Missouri and Illinois have blamed flooding for 21 deaths, many of them of motorists who tried to cross flooded roads.
The worst conditions struck towns along the Meramec River, southwest of St. Louis, which shattered previous flood records, forced the evacuation of thousands of people, swallowed whole neighborhoods and turned others into islands, cut off from any road access.
About 20 minutes up the road in Valley Park, the Meramec crested Thursday morning at more than 28 feet above flood stage, 4.4 feet above the record set there in 1982. By Thursday night, the crest had flowed into the Mississippi River, but the Meramec was expected to stay well above flood stage for several days.
“We know the floods are coming,” said Michael D. Polizzi, the mayor of nearby Fenton, which has also had record flooding in recent days. “It’s a way of life for a lot of people. But when it infringes with this new high level into homes that have never been flooded, then that does have a concern for us.
“I think Mother Nature knows its job,” he added. “You can hold it back for a while, but gradually, it wins. Most of what you do is temporary until Mother Nature says, ‘I’ve had enough.’ ”
Maybe — just maybe — Ms. Thorne said, this misfortune was God’s way of telling her, Enough. Her children had long been asking her to move out of the trailer home, which is in an unincorporated part of Jefferson County near Arnold, she said. They wanted her to move into a more populated part of town.
“It’s going to be a new year, and God wants me to open my horizons,” said Ms. Thorne, who was a housewife and now lives off the disability checks of her husband, who died four years ago.
For now, the way forward remains far from Ms. Thorne’s mind. She is still shaking off the shock of what has happened.
After three days of heavy, steady rain pounded the region, she watched the news on Monday and heard that floods were coming. She looked in the distance to see the Meramec creeping ever so slowly through the woods toward her mobile home. Yet she was confident that it would be safe.
Her landlord had erected a five-foot levee along the trailer park, she said. And she remembered a few years back when her home remained dry even though the river climbed to 38.5 feet.
She still took precautions, buying two tons of sand for $40 to fill 200 bags donated by the Fire Department to create a small barrier along the edge of the park of about 15 to 20 mobile homes.
It was not until late Monday night, when she saw the water lapping at her steps, heard it gurgling beneath the trailer and saw it engulfing an adjacent shed, that she started to think this was serious. And even then, it took a neighbor’s encouragement before she decided to leave.
So she disconnected her computers and packed whatever she could — boots, clothes — into four boxes and two suitcases. Her oldest son, who lives with her, stuffed all he could into two black rolling suitcases. They sent their Chinese pug, Jake, and their two cockatiels, Benny and Joon, off with friends. Whatever they could not remove, they stacked on beds and desks.
Then they prayed that the water would not rise too high.
They did save some of their other valuables when two of Ms. Thorne’s sons — she has five children total — came over Tuesday and Wednesday to haul out some items that had been left. Before the water was too high, she made sure that one of her daughters went back to fetch an angel ornament from the Christmas tree. The daughter had bought her the ornament when they went to see a production of “The Nutcracker” at a local high school auditorium.
On Thursday morning, Ms. Thorne returned to the park to assess the damage but could not get very close. About half of the trailer was consumed in what looked like a lake; her blue minivan next to it was covered by water almost to the roof.
“My daughter had to grab me because I wanted to run into the water and grab what I could,” Ms. Thorne said.
Mostly what Ms. Thorne has now is a pile of donated blankets on the cot she is sleeping on at the shelter. And her favorite drinking cup — a plastic Mason jar with a red straw — that she also made sure to tell her daughter to grab.
And, yes, as the calendar changes to a new year, there is even still a little bit of optimism.
“A bad ending,” Ms. Thorne said, swiping her left hand through the air, “and a new bright. ...”
She paused, then continued: “Hopefully, beginning.”



ARTICLE
Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died of a broken neck after he was taken into police custody in Baltimore, complained of back trouble less than two weeks before that encounter, according to a document filed in court by defense lawyers for a police officer
The filing, which a court official said was made public Thursday, was part of efforts by lawyers for Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr., to obtain Mr. Gray’s medical records. Officer Goodson was the driver of the police van in which prosecutors say Mr. Gray sustained the fatal injury. Mr. Gray’s death in April spurred
and became part of the national debate over police officers’ use of force against minorities. Officer Goodson’s trial on murder charges, including second-degree “depraved heart” murder, is set to begin Jan. 11. The document suggests that his lawyers will try to argue that Mr. Gray was already injured, at least to a degree, when he was arrested and loaded into the van.
Prosecutors 'aid that Mr. Gray sustained a debilitating spinal cord injury while he was bound in the police van, and that his death might have been prevented if police officers had used a seatbelt for Mr. Gray or summoned medical care. The filing includes a brief report written by Sgt. John Herzog on May 1, 2015, after Mr. Gray died April 19. Sergeant Herzog said that, on March 31, Mr. Gray had come to the police station to offer information about robberies in the area — a point that, if true, would add a layer of complexity to his relationship with the police — and that Sergeant Herzog had noticed Mr. Gray sitting “awkwardly” during that meeting.
“I asked Freddie Gray why he was sitting the way that he was and he stated something to the effect of ‘I hurt my back’ or ‘I have a bad back,’ ” Sergeant Herzog wrote.
Officer Goodson is the second of the six officers to go on trial; another officer, William G. Porter, was tried on charges including manslaughter in December, but the
"mistrial was declared.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  Calling for "a change in our legal culture,” Chief Justice
devoted his year-end report on the state of the federal judiciary to a plea that lawyers "avoid antagonistic tactics, wasteful procedural maneuvers and teetering brinkmanship.”
But critics said the
praised a de'ent that will limit the amount of information individuals can obtain from companies and the government, frustrating their ability to prove their cases.
The chief justice’s report welcomed December’s adoption of major changes to the
, notably limits on the pretrial exchange of information that lawyers call discovery.
"I cannot believe that many members of the bar went to law school because of a burning desire to spend their professional life wearing down opponents with creatively burdensome discovery requests or evading legitimate requests through dilatory tactics,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote.
The amended rules limit discovery to materials that are "proportional to the needs of the case.”
The change has not met with universal approval.
"This provision will be used to restrict a citizen’s access to the information that often is critical to establishing a grievance, whether it be a civil rights claim or an economic or personal injury claim,” said
, a law professor at New York University.
, a law professor at the University of Illinois, said the new rules were too sweeping.
"They were aimed to decrease costs in the cases where costs were out of control,” she said. "This is a very small set of cases.”
On the other hand, she added, the new rules may tie the hands of litigants like victims of employment discrimination. "These are cases where discovery is very important because employers have so much information,” she said.
, a law professor at the University of Pennsylvania, said the new rules were a poor fit for many lawsuits and will often prove counterproductive.
"Continuing a trend that goes back decades, these amendments take a problem that arises chiefly in complex, high-stakes litigation between corporations, and devise solutions that necessarily apply to all federal litigation,” he said. "As a result, the layers of additional expense that active judicial management can impose make litigation costlier for litigants less able to afford it, including most importantly individuals.”
But Chief Justice Roberts said proportionality was a common-sense concept that should be embraced by lawyers.
, a law professor at Yale, said she welcomed the chief justice’s embrace of the orderly amendment of the rules as part of "a deliberative process, with input from a wide array of participants.”
But she said the
in the last few years had "taken upon itself to reread rules rather than use that process,” notably by
soon after they are filed.
The court’s vow to the amendment process will be tested in its current term


concerning a rule governing class actions, she said.
"The concern is that the court will leapfrog over the rule amendment process and impose a reading that will limit the use of class actions,” she said. "Hopefully, the chief justice’s commitment to the process will be reflected in the decisions to come.”
Chief Justice Roberts wrote that the amended rules represented important progress.
Just as "a change in the culture left dueling by the wayside and left us with lessons learned,” he wrote, "we should not miss the opportunity to help ensure that federal court litigation does not degenerate into wasteful clashes.”



ARTICLE
HOUSTON —  Texas is so gun-friendly that it is easier to get into the Capitol in Austin with a firearm than without one — licensed, gun-carrying lawmakers and members of the public have their own no-wait security lane, and the unarmed masses have to stand in line and slog through the metal detectors.
But on Friday, gun rights throughout the state expanded still more, as a new law took effect that allows certain Texans to wear their handguns in holsters on their hips — or in shoulder holsters, Dirty Harry-style — openly displaying the fact that they are armed as they work, shop, dine and go about their day.
The so-called open-carry law has set off a long-simmering debate over the limits of the Texas gun culture and has given gun rights advocates a hard-fought victory after they pushed for the expansion for years. Members of the pro-gun group
were to gath'noon Friday on the south steps of the Capitol for a gun-on-their-hips celebration before walking down Congress Avenue. Other groups plan to display their weaponry at events in Houston, Dallas and other cities.
“I think most people can expect Friday to be just like Thursday,” said C. J. Grisham, 41, a retired Army sergeant who formed Open Carry Texas in 2013. He says he plans to carry two semiautomatic pistols at the Capitol rally, and gave his 13-year-old daughter a pink .22-caliber rifle for her 12th birthday. “I think everybody is overreacting.”
More than 40 states allow some form of open carry. But Texas will become the most populous open-carry state, and the public nature of the debate and vote has produced measures of elation, anxiety and confusion over the new law.
"xed emotions have prompted law enforcement agencies to hold public meetings and release
to help put some residents at ease, particularly in the wake of high-profile mass shootings.
Open-carry supporters say more public weapons will help deter would-be criminals. Opponents say that police officers will have a hard time separating the good guys from the bad, and that there is no evidence that open-carry states are safer.
The change directly affects only a small fraction of Texans — 925,000 men and women with active state-issued licenses to carry a concealed firearm, close to 4 percent of the state’s 27.4 million residents. Only those with a concealed-handgun permit are allowed to open carry, and all of them must submit their fingerprints and pass a criminal background check.
Texans do not need a state license to buy a handgun but must meet the federal qualifications. If Texas gun owners want to carry their handguns outside their home, they must apply for a license through the Texas Department of Public Safety, be at least 21 and complete training courses and a written examination.
State lawmakers and gun rights advocates have played down the effect of the new law, saying that they believe that the majority of those licensed to carry a firearm will choose to keep it concealed. Even the author of the law, State Representative Larry Phillips, Republican Sherman, said he did not plan on routinely wearing his handgun on his hip.
“I don’t think you’re going to see a major change,” Mr. Phillips said. “Most people I talk to say they’re going to conceal carry.”
Tim Vasquez, the chief of police in the West Texas city of San Angelo and the president of the Texas Police Chiefs Association, said police officials were bracing for “a huge learning curve” as they begin enforcing the law.
“Most of us do support concealed, but we also understand that open carry creates a whole new set of problems,” Chief Vasquez said. “If our officers see someone with an open carry, they do have the ability to stop and identify whether that person is permitted or not.”
Gun rights will advance again in August, when students and faculty members at Texas universities will be allowed to carry concealed handguns on campus, although openly carrying them is prohibited.
The new open-carry law allows businesses to ban the visible wearing of handguns, by posting signs with specific required wording in English and Spanish. Merchants and restaurant owners have been busy in recent weeks deciding what to do, and gun rights advocates have vowed not to spend money anywhere that bans open carry.
One pro-gun website,
, has been keeping track of the businesses that have posted signs and created a “Wall of Shame” for those with the most entries (at the top of the list was the Sprouts grocery chain).
Opponents of open carry have publicized their own lists, including the national group
, which applauded H-E-B grocery stores, the Chuy’s Tex-Mex restaurant chain and others for banning open carry.
“We feel customers and employees will feel safer when people are not openly walking around with guns,” said Anna Kehde, the Texas chapter leader of Moms Demand Action. “It’s hard to tell who is a responsible gun owner and who is someone I should seek cover from.”
Certain places are off-limits to concealed and unconcealed handguns under Texas law in most cases, including sporting events, amusement parks, bars, courts, governmental meetings and places of worship.
The law has brought renewed attention to the state’s licensed gun carriers, and questions of who will and who will not open carry. John Wittman, a spokesman for Gov. Greg Abbott, a longtime proponent of gun rights who signed the bill into law in June, declined to comment when asked whether the governor would openly carry. A spokesman for Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who also has a concealed-carry license, said Mr. Patrick did not plan on openly carrying.
For many pro-gun Texans, the arrival of open carry is not enough. Many of them did not support the open-carry bill but instead called for legislation for what they called “constitutional carry” — allowing Texans to display and wear their handguns regardless of whether they were licensed to carry a concealed firearm because, they argued, the Second Amendment gives them the right to do so. They are urging the passage of a constitutional-carry bill in the next session of the Legislature.
The new law is anticlimactic for one other reason. Texas has no prohibition on the open carrying of rifles, shotguns and other long guns, a right that gun owners have taken advantage of in recent years by showing up at open-carry rallies and other events with loaded AR-15s and other military-style rifles strapped across their backs.



ARTICLE
WASHINGTON —  " State Department fell short of a court order requiring the release of the vast bulk of former Secretary of State
’s emails by the end of 2015, but promised on Thursday to catch up early in the new year.
Just hours before the year ended, the department disclosed another 5,500 pages of Mrs. Clinton’s messages in its latest monthly release. But it acknowledged that it would not meet the target set by a federal judge of producing 82 percent of her emails by the end of December.
“We hav'ed diligently to come as close to the goal as possible, but with the large number of documents involved and the holiday schedule, we have not met the goal this month,” the department said in a statement. “To narrow that gap, the State Department will make another production of former Secretary Clinton’s email sometime next week.”
Last May, Judge Rudolph Contreras of United States District Court for the District of Columbia ordered the State Department to release Mrs. Clinton’s emails on a rolling basis each month in response to a lawsuit filed by Vice News under the Freedom of Information Act. He specified no penalties for any violations.
" department has released thousands of pages of the emails — which were housed on a private server in Mrs. Clinton’s home — on the last day of each month and is supposed to complete the disclosure by Jan. 29.
"
provided a further glimpse into the cloistered and sometimes caustic world of Mrs. Clinton’s entourage during her four-year stint as the nation’s top diplomat. On display once again were the rivalries and insecurities in her circle as she represented to the outside world the man who beat her for the presidency.
One ally confided to her that Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany did not care for “the Obama phenomenon,” while another urged immediate aid to Libya if Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi were to fall, as he later did. Some of her advisers did little to hide their disdain for President Obama’s aides, while Mrs. Clinton herself fretted about reports that she did not exercise enough influence in the White House. “Pls go through my schedules and count my visits to refute this and correct record,” Mrs. Clinton wrote an aide in response to a “ridiculous column” on the number of times she had visited the White House.
Subordinates and outsiders lavished praise on her. Henry A. Kissinger, perhaps her most famous living predecessor, wrote in 2012 seeking help to declassify some of his papers, ending with this handwritten note: “I greatly admire the skill and aplomb with which you conduct our foreign policy.”
" sometimes byzantine nature of Mrs. Clinton’s orbit was summed up in one email from Philippe Reines, who designed an irreverent flow chart to determine who should ride in her limousine while she traveled abroad. “Ambassador Tolerable?” one entry asked. If yes, he or she got to ride in the car. If not, Mrs. Clinton would ride without the intolerable envoy.
Lanny J. Davis, a friend since law school, complained to Mrs. Clinton about the cold shoulder he had received from the White House, saying he wished Mr. Obama could understand “how supportive I have been” and adding that “his staff still can’t get over campaign.” Sidney Blumenthal, another longtime friend who regularly provided advice, scorned “Gibbs’ and Axelrod’s rock bottom performances exposing utter political vacuity on the Sunday shows,” referring to Robert Gibbs and David Axelrod, two close Obama aides.
Mr. Blumenthal was the one who passed along advice about Ms. Merkel in 2009 from John Kornblum, who was Bill Clinton’s ambassador to Germany. “He says she dislikes the atmospherics surrounding the Obama phenomenon, that it’s contrary to her whole idea of politics and how to conduct oneself in general,” Mr. Blumenthal wrote.
As for Mrs. Clinton, she continued to struggle with technology. “I’ve had big problems w my blackberry, which has been having a nervous breakdown on my dime!” she wrote one day.
With the latest releases, more than 1,200 messages have been found to contain classified information. But even some of those released Thursday were redacted heavily under a privacy exemption. One sent to Mrs. Clinton referring to Huma Abedin, one of her closest aides, forwarded a message with the subject line “Threat,” but the text was blacked out.
Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign was sensitive to the perception that the batch posted online Thursday was deliberately released on New Year’s Eve, a time when attention would be low. " campaign made a point on Twitter of reminding the public that the release date was set according to the court schedule.
" State Department also sent nearly 2,500 pages of emails and documents Thursday to the
, the congressional panel investigating the handling of the 2012 terrorist attacks on a diplomatic post in Libya that killed four Americans.



ARTICLE
LOS ANGELES — The mother of a fugitive Texas teenager known for using an “affluenza” defense in a fatal drunken-driving accident is expected to remain in jail in Los Angeles for several days after being deported from Mexico, investigators said Thursday.
The mother, Tonya Couch, 48, and her son, Ethan, 18, were taken into custody
in Puerto Vallarta after the United States marshals Service tipped off the Mexican authorities to their location. The authorities believe the pair fled there in November as Texas prosecutors investigated whether Mr. Couch had violated the terms of his probation.
Mr. Couch wa'g held at a detention facility in Mexico City after winning a court reprieve that could lead to a lengthy legal process in Mexico, a Mexican immigration official said.
But his mother was deported and flown to Los Angeles, where she was escorted through the city’s sprawling airport in handcuffs by federal marshals early Thursday. She will remain jailed in Los Angeles until officers can take her to Texas, which probably will not be until at least next week.
A spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney’s office, Jane Robison, said Thursday that no extradition hearing was planned ahead of the New Year’s holiday.
"utors in Tarrant County, Tex., charged Mrs. Couch with hindering apprehension of a felon, and her bond there was set at $1 million, a spokeswoman for the district attorney’s office, Samantha Jordan, said.
A call to Mrs. Couch’s lawyer was not immediately returned. It was not clear why she was flown to Los Angeles; a spokesman for the marshals service, Eugene Hwang, said he could not discuss details of the trip.
Mr. Couch was driving drunk and speeding in a pickup truck near Fort Worth in June 2013 when he crashed into a disabled sport utility vehicle, killing four people and injuring several others. He was sentenced to probation.
During the sentencing phase of his trial, a defense expert argued that his wealthy parents had coddled him into a sense of irresponsibility — a condition the expert termed “affluenza.” The condition is not recognized as a medical diagnosis by the American Psychiatric Association, and its invocation during the legal proceedings drew ridicule.
The appeal filed in Mexico on behalf of Mr. Couch argues that deportation would violate his rights. Richard Hunter, chief deputy for the marshals service in Houston, said Wednesday that the legal maneuver basically takes the deportation decision out of an immigration agent’s hands and asks a higher authority to make it.
Such cases can often take up to several months, depending on the priorities of the local courts, he said.



ARTICLE
CHICAGO —  The top county prosecutor here Thursday asked the
to investigate the fatal shooting of two people by a Chicago police officer over the weekend, and Mayor
’s administration separately released a trove of emails showing how City Hall aides scrambled for months to address an earlier police shooting that was captured on video. 
The request 'federal investigation, made by State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez of Cook County, came five days after an officer fatally shot Quintonio LeGrier, a college student said to have been wielding a baseball bat, and Bettie Jones, a 55-year-old neighbor who police said was accidentally struck by the gunfire. The F.B.I. did not announce an investigation, but said in a statement there was ongoing “analysis and assessment of the circumstances surrounding the incident.”
The conduct of the police has become a pressing issue for Mr. Emanuel, who has faced persistent demonstrations and calls to resign over the way his administration handled the 2014 killing of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, particularly its resistance to
showing a white officer shooting the black teenager 16 times. 
" Thursday, as protesters again marched through downtown, his administration released about 3,000 pages of emails related to the McDonald case that spanned more than a year. The messages showed top City Hall officials coordinating a response to the shooting, sharing information about media inquiries with the independent body that investigates police shootings, and in recent weeks seeking to temper dissent and make changes to Chicago’s embattled Police Department. 
Mr. McDonald was carrying a knife and veering away from police on Oct. 20, 2014, when Officer Jason Van Dyke shot him repeatedly, continuing to fire after he collapsed on the ground. The police cruiser camera footage, which City Hall officials sought for months to keep sealed, was released under court order in November on the same day Officer Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder. Officer Van Dyke told investigators he shot because he feared for his safety. 
The emails, made public after open records requests by news organizations, show a growing awareness among Mr. Emanuel’s aides of the case’s significance in early 2015 and their repeated denials of journalists’ open-records requests for the video or other documents related to the case. Then comes the harried outreach to community leaders after a judge ordered the video be made public. 
“We have five days to build community buy in and dialogue,” David Spielfogel, a mayoral adviser, wrote to fellow aides after a lawyer offered to help plan a peaceful demonstration before the video was released. “We shouldn’t waste a second.” 
Notably sparse in the documents, which spanned October 2014 to early December 2015, were emails from Mr. Emanuel, who officials said usually communicates with staff by phone and in person. In one of the rare emails from Mr. Emanuel in the release, from days before the video was made public, the mayor asked Kelley Quinn, a spokeswoman, about the weather forecast. “How much snow then,” he wrote, in a partly redacted email chain. Another time, Mr. Emanuel asked aides questions about police body cameras as city officials announced increased use of them in Chicago.
 Though the death of Mr. McDonald has dominated national headlines recently, it received relatively little attention in the days after the shooting. The morning after the shooting, Chicago Public Schools officials copied mayoral aides on a note about the encounter and a request not to publicize it immediately “due to the sensitivity of the incident.”
As months wore on, and as city lawyers began negotiations that led to a $5 million settlement with the family, top City Hall staffers emailed more frequently about the case. The settlement came just after Mr. Emanuel
, leading some to question whether political interests played a role in the timing. City officials have insisted they did not.
 There was, however, growing concern at City Hall, after the election, about how the case could affect Mr. Emanuel at a time of increased scrutiny nationally about police conduct.
 In April, a members of The New York Times editorial board emailed with communications staff about the settlement, one aide asked colleagues whether there was “value in making clear that the mayor wants the video out as well” after the criminal investigation was completed. Adam Collins, a spokesman for Mr. Emanuel, suggested that the mayor be left out of the response. “Ultimately,” Mr. Collins wrote, “they want the video out now, so the line isn’t going to be very persuasive anyways and I’m not sure we want to insert him into any more than he already is.”
Mr. Collins, complained to colleagues in May that the Independent Police Review Authority, the city agency that investigates the most egregious complaints of officer misconduct, did not follow his recommendation on how to respond to a television station about the McDonald case.
The messages show regular discussions about news media requests between mayoral staffers and top officials at the review authority. Ms. Quinn, the mayoral spokeswoman, said on Thursday that the correspondence was appropriate, and that the mayor’s office does not interfere with investigations.
For months, Mr. Emanuel’s aides monitored news sites, Facebook and Twitter for Mr. McDonald’s name; five days before the video was released, one press aide noted that #LaquanMcDonald was a “trending topic” on Twitter.
 They were also sensitive to news media coverage that suggested impending unrest. “Can someone please monitor social media on the release of the video?” Ms. Quinn emailed fellow aides. “Want to see if the drumbeat gets louder.”
On Nov. 23, the day before the video was released and
, Mr. Collins fired off an email to a CNN correspondent. “Hey there,” he wrote. “Why am I seeing a banner headline on CNN that reads RIOT FEARS IN CHICAGO?”
 Also in the buildup to the release, an aide emailed others for help in arranging a meeting between Mr. Emanuel and Mr. McDonald’s family. Ms. Quinn said Thursday that the meeting never happened. After the video’s release, though demonstrations remained largely peaceful, there was a growing realization at City Hall that questions about police conduct were not subsiding.
" Nov. 30, the night before Mr. Emanuel
, Garry F. McCarthy, and days before the
into the Chicago police, an aide emailed colleagues about leaving a protest at Police Headquarters.
 “Following protest, I met with organizers and faith leaders,” the note said. The activists told him that they were “planning to host the next protest at City Hall in a week.”



ARTICLE
After decades of disappointingly slow progress, researchers have taken a substantial step toward a possible treatment for
with the help of a powerful new gene-editing technique.
is a progressive muscle-
disease that'ts boys, putting them in wheelchairs by age 10, followed by an early death from
or breathing difficulties. The disease is caused by defects in a gene that encodes a protein called dystrophin, which is essential for proper muscle function.
Because the disease is devastating and incurable, and common for a hereditary illness, it has long been a target for gene therapy, though without success. An alternative treatment, drugs based on chemicals known as antisense oligonucleotides, is in clinical trials.
"ne therapy — the idea of curing a genetic disease by inserting the correct gene into damaged cells — is making a comeback. A new technique, known as Crispr-Cas9, lets researchers cut the DNA of chromosomes at selected sites to remove or insert segments.
Three research groups, working independently of one another, reported in the journal Science on Thursday that they had used the Crispr-Cas9 technique to treat mice with a defective dystrophin gene. Each group loaded the DNA-cutting system onto a virus that infected the mice’s muscle cells, and excised from the gene a defective stretch of DNA known as an exon.
Without the defective exon, the muscle cells made a shortened dystrophin protein that was nonetheless functional, giving all of the mice more strength.
The teams were led by Charles A. Gersbach of Duke University, Eric N. Olson of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and Amy J. Wagers of Harvard University.
“The papers are pretty significant,” said Louis M. Kunkel, a
expert at Boston Children’s Hospital who discovered the dystrophin gene in 1986.
The dystrophin protein plays a structural role, anchoring each muscle fiber to the membrane that encloses the muscle-fiber bundle. The dystrophin gene, which guides the protein’s production in the cell, sprawls across about 1 percent of the X chromosome and is the largest in the human genome.
That gene has 79 sections, or exons, but can evidently maintain reasonable function even if a few exons in the middle are lost. The protein works as long as its two ends are intact.
This is what happens in a milder disease known as Becker
, in which mutations cause instructions from a few exons to be skipped during the protein-making process. In Duchenne muscular dystrophy, however, mutations cause muscle cells to make a truncated protein missing one end, and this protein does not work at all.
This difference suggests a possible treatment strategy: removing damaged exons so Duchenne patients’ muscle cells produce an intact, though shorter, dystrophin protein, much like that seen in Becker patients.
A laboratory strain of mice has Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy in which a major part of the dystrophin protein is lost because of a mutation in the 23rd exon of the gene. In 2014, Dr. Olson’s team reported that it had been able to edit out the damaged exon, enabling muscle cells to generate a functional protein.
That gene editing was done in the fertilized egg of the mouse, making an inheritable change to the mouse’s genome. There is a moratorium on making such changes to the human genome, and in any case, such an intervention would come too late for muscular dystrophy patients. So Dr. Olson’s next step was to see if he could produce the same result in the muscles of young mice.
In the study published Thursday,
that they loaded the gene-editing system into a harmless virus, along with guides that directed it to cut the two ends of the 23rd exon. The virus infected muscle cells throughout the mouse’s body, snipping out the exon from the dystrophin gene.
The muscle cells repaired the DNA by joining the pieces of the cut chromosome and generated an effective dystrophin protein.
The two other teams performed almost exactly the same experiment, each pursuing a consequence of its own previous research.
reported earlier in 2015 that, with Crispr-Cas9 editing, they could remove the 45th to 55th exons of the dystrophin gene from Duchenne patient cells grown in laboratory cultures. With the damaged exons removed, the cells started to produce dystrophin proteins.
More than 60 percent of Duchenne patients have mutations in these exons, so this approach could be significant for them.
Dr. Wagers has long been interested in the
that generate new muscle cells.
differed from the others in that it looked specifically at whether the gene-altering virus could infect these
, and found that it could.
Treating a patient’s muscle stem cells could produce a more permanent result than changing ordinary muscle cells, which turn over at a brisk rate in muscular dystrophy patients, though not in healthy people.
All three teams have filed for patents. But considerable work lies ahead before clinical trials can start. It is not clear how the human immune system would react to the components of the gene-editing system or to modified dystrophin proteins to which it has not been habituated.
If a gene therapy for muscular dystrophy can be developed, it will compete with the antisense oligonucleotide drugs that are already in clinical trials. These work on the same principle of avoiding damaged exons, but instead of cutting them out of the DNA, they force the exons to be skipped at a later stage of the protein manufacturing process.
The drugs do not target the heart muscles very well, however, and they must be given weekly. A gene therapy treatment should last longer.
“The advantage of the DNA approach is that the cell has no choice but to make the protein you want,” Dr. Wagers said.
Some fear that Duchenne patients may get only one shot at treatment before developing resistance to the virus used to edit the defective exons. But Dr. Gersbach played down this concern.
“The hope for gene editing is that if we do this right, we will only need to do one treatment,” he said. “This method, if proven safe, could be applied to patients in the foreseeable future.”
Dr. Olson also said that progress would be rapid.
“To launch a clinical trial, we need to scale up, improve efficiency and assess safety,” Dr. Olson said. “I think within a few years, those issues can be addressed.”



ARTICLE
If you are still trying to decide on a New Year’s resolution, there are some people in Michigan who might be able to help: Promise never to use the word “problematic” again.
That is one of
on the 41st annual list of banished words that Lake Superior State University issues, drawn from a survey of words people hate, invent or annoyingly overuse.
hated phrase' as “my bad” (1998), “forced relaxation” (1989), “free gift” (1988), “live audience” (1983, 1987, 1990). Last year’s list deemed “bae,” “polar vortex” and “hack” worthy of exile.
The banishments are intended as suggestions, or “food for thought,” to use a phrase that sounds as if it might deserve its own banishing.
This year, the most nominations went to a wee wisp of a word, the humble, two-letter “so.” It was already banished back in 1999, when people were suggesting that it be relegated to the dustbin because of phrases like “I am SO down with this list!”
"st is compiled from nominations worldwide of citizens and scholars alike, and the university helpfully includes quotes from those who care enough about the Queen’s English to write in. Here’s why Bob Forrest of Tempe, Ariz., finds “so” so annoying:
“Currently, it is being overused as the first word in the answer to ANY question. For instance, ‘How did you learn to play the piano?’ Answer: ‘So my dad was in a classical music club.”
The word “problematic” also got no respect. “A corporate-academic weasel word,” was how Urban Dictionary described it, the university noted.
Sometimes, new words simply appear out of nowhere. The need for them suddenly arises from something that is happening in our society, and boom! (banish that), there they are.
Take “manspreading,” which found a place on the 2016 list. It defines the habit some men have of taking up more space in public transportation than they need, opening their legs and encroaching on adjacent seats.
“Men don’t need another disgusting-sounding word thrown into the vocabulary to describe something they do … You’re just taking too much room on this train seat, be a little more polite.” Carrie Hansen, of Caledonia, Mich., wrote.
“Vape,” which is derived from the noun “vapor” but is masquerading as a verb, also made the list. “Vape” and “vaping” are used to describe the act of smoking e-cigarettes (another strange word, the university said).
David Ervin of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, said he hopes the word “goes up in smoke.”
Some of the 2016 entries are compounds or phrases, ugly marriages of unrelated words that correspond to the times. Like this one: “Break the Internet.”
Or, as one word-watcher put it in an example: “I hope the list doesn’t ‘break the internet.’ (How else would I read it next year)?”



