ARTICLE

“For years, Planned Parenthood supporters in Congress have touted services that are declining, virtually nonexistent, or were never even offered at the abortion group to justify it receiving half a billion dollars from taxpayers every year,” says Lila Rose, president and founder of Live Action. “In this latest report, Live Action shows Planned Parenthood’s own employees debunking the myths that these politicians have told about Planned Parenthood.”
The video’s clips include statements of support for Planned Parenthood taxpayer funding by Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA), who in 2011, asserted the abortion vendor offers “mammograms and prenatal services.”
“Planned Parenthood is about providing federal funds for care like mammograms and cervical cancer screenings and prenatal care and family support and counseling,” Murray said.
In 2015, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) also stated that “prenatal services” would be “gone” if Congress eliminated Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding.
Similar statements were made by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, Hillary Clinton, and Rep. Joe Kennedy. In the video, Live Action contrasts these statements from pro-abortion politicians with those from actual staffers at Planned Parenthood clinics throughout the United States.
Though not included in the current video, as recently as last month, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) tweeted that Planned Parenthood offers women “mammograms, maternity care, cancer screenings & more.”
Live Action released a previous video in which it observed that Planned Parenthood’s CEO Cecile Richards finally admitted her abortion business does not offer mammograms at its clinics, even though many – including herself and former President Barack Obama – have said that it does.
Similarly, Live Action demonstrated in another video that most Planned Parenthood clinics in the country do not offer prenatal care or ultrasounds unless just prior to abortion procedures.
According to the pro-life organization, in the United States Planned Parenthood performs less than two percent of breast exams, less than one percent of pap tests, less than two percent of cancer screenings, and zero mammograms. In the group’s investigation into prenatal care offered at Planned Parenthood clinics, Live Action found that staffers at 92 out of 97 of them informed women seeking prenatal care to continue their pregnancies that Planned Parenthood could not assist them.
“Planned Parenthood does 34.9 percent of U.S. abortions,” however, states Live Action.
Yet another Live Action video investigation analyzed Planned Parenthood’s own annual reports for the last decade and demonstrated that services such as breast exams and Pap tests are reduced by 60 and 77 percent, respectively, while abortions are up 27 percent. Meanwhile, taxpayer funding has more than doubled to $553 million annually. Client numbers have also decreased at Planned Parenthood, despite the increase in taxpayer funding.
“The fact that Planned Parenthood’s clients are decreasing and its cancer screenings are down by large numbers while abortions are up 27 percent is more evidence that the corporation’s focus is abortion, not women’s health care,” Rose said.
“We urge Congress to use the current 2017 budget reconciliation bill to end the taxpayer subsidizing of Planned Parenthood immediately. Every day we delay, the abortion chain gets another $1.5 million from taxpayers to keep its doors open while it kills another 887 preborn children through abortion,” she concluded.



ARTICLE
Mulvaney also said a government shutdown could be “good” if it “fixes Washington, D.C. permanently.”
President Trump tweeted out on Tuesday, “either elect more Republican Senators in 2010 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good “shutdown” in September to fix mess!”

either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017

Asked to respond to President Trump’s tweet about how a shutdown is “good,” Mulvaney said, “It’s not desirable … But you asked me what a good one would look like, and a good one would be something that fixes Washington, D.C. permanently.”
Mulvaney said the reason there is a discussion about a shutdown every few months “is because the appropriations process is broken.” He said the “the way it’s supposed to work, and it used to work” is when the House passes an appropriations bill on a topic, the Senate then passes a bill on the same issue, before it goes to the conference committee, before that bill is placed on the president’s desk.”
Mulvaney said that, since he has worked in the government, this process has “never worked” the way it’s supposed to. He added:

I don’t think it has functioned for the last decade. I’ve been here since 2011 and it has never worked. We want to get back to that process. But the reason we can’t get back to that process is because the Senate is requiring 60 votes on every single appropriations bill and that is forcing this discussion on continuing resolutions — which is a bad way to run the government — and forcing a discussion on shutdowns which is simply not productive.

Later in the press conference, Mulvaney said, “The president wants to see Washington better, get better, get fixed, change the way it does business.” He said the Democrats are saying, “They won and we lost is not a bipartisan way to approach things.”
Drawn back to the topic of Trump’s early morning tweet by a member of the White House Press Corps once again, Mulvaney said, “I think what he’s foreshadowing is, ‘look, this place has to change.’ The way we run the town has to be fixed. We have to do something. We cannot simply muddle along using models the previous administration has used.”
Mulvaney said Trump is a president that will usher in change. “And he’s going to change Washington, D.C. And if it takes a shutdown, then that’s what it takes. But again, that’s several months away from that discussion. We have a lot to do between now and then.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
On May 2, Thomas A. Saunders III, chairman of The Heritage Foundation’s Board of Trustees, released a statement about the group’s change in leadership.
In his statement, Saunders noted that the board asked for and accepted former Senator DeMint’s resignation as president and CEO of the group. DeMint became president of the group in 2012 after resigning his Senate seat.
The board has temporarily placed Heritage Founder Ed Feulner as president while a search for his replacement is conducted.
“After a comprehensive and independent review of the entire Heritage organization, the Board determined there were significant and worsening management issues that led to a breakdown of internal communications and cooperation,” Saunders wrote in the statement. “While the organization has seen many successes, Jim DeMint and a handful of his closest advisers failed to resolve these problems.”
Saunders noted that the board felt “compelled to take action” to fulfill its obligations to its 500,000 members.
“Heritage has never been about one individual, but rather the power of conservative ideas,” Saunders wrote. “Heritage is bigger than any one person.”
Saunders also insisted that he “wholeheartedly” endorsed the change.
The statement went on to praise Mr. Feulner:
Heritage is a permanent policy research institution fighting for conservative ideas, as Ed Feulner often reminds us. We remain committed, as ever, to the principles that have made America great: free enterprise; limited government; individual freedom; traditional American values; and a strong national defense. This will continue under the leadership of Ed and his successor.
“There is no one better to guide the ship while we seek our new leader and continue to push for conservative ideas and policies,” Saunders said of Feulner, continuing:
As conservatives, we have a tremendous opportunity ahead of us to restore the principles of the American founding. You and the 500,000 Americans who donate to support Heritage have played a crucial role in making our work possible, and I look forward to working with you in the future. As we move forward, the Board of Trustees will be seeking your thoughts and input about our search for the next leader of Heritage.
Saunders’ statement added that he “regretted” not being able to reveal the coming changes sooner, but he wanted to “ensure that the Board’s decision was final before alerting you.”
“Unfortunately, the media ran with speculation about this story before the facts could be disclosed. As a loyal Heritage supporter, I hope that you will understand the reasons that compelled these changes and stand with us in this time of transition,” the statement concluded.
Immediately after the organization released its statement, Mr. DeMint released a statement of his own remarking on his tenure at Heritage and listing the group’s accomplishments during his time there.
“When I came to Heritage in 2013, I told our staff and millions of members around the country that over the next four years, we had the opportunity to lead a resurgence of conservative policies and communications to win the hearts and minds of the American people,” DeMint said in his statement, adding:
I’m grateful to have worked with some of the greatest minds and talents in America and believe we’ve accomplished together what we set out to do. Reagan once said there’s no limit to what you can achieve if you don’t care who gets the credit, and nothing better exemplifies that selfless dedication than the men and women I’ve been honored to work with at Heritage. I will continue to be part of that great fight for freedom for years to come and I’m excited about the next chapter in my work for the conservative movement.
The former South Carolina Senator went on to say he was “puzzled” by the organization’s statement:
The public statement released earlier is puzzling given that the board of trustees has praised our work for four years and approved performance bonuses for the entire management team each year for a job well done. It also stands in stark contrast to the independent review by the University of Pennsylvania which publicly recognized advances in Heritage’s scholarship, management and integrity over the last 4 years, and improved Heritage’s rankings in virtually every category. In fact, Heritage was recognized as the 13th Best Managed Think Tank in the world in 2016.
DeMint added that he is proud of having the most “successful impact on a presidential transition team since the days of Ronald Reagan.” It is work, DeMint said, that culminated in the “confirmation of Judge Gorsuch and one of the best presidential cabinets in recent history.”
DeMint went on to list many of the accomplishments he feels Heritage made under his leadership, including a key role in Trump’s transition, and that Heritage helped the president pick his Supreme Court candidates including Justice Neil Gorsuch, guided budget reforms, the establishment of four new research institutes, the launch of “The Daily Signal,” a conservative news and commentary site, the creation of the Feulner-Weyrich Fellowship program for Capitol Hill staffers, and others.
“All in all, this is a record of which I am very proud,” DeMint concluded, “on behalf of myself, my management team and the many dedicated Heritage staff and members nationwide.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
Both President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence in television interviews on Sunday said they were confident they could win enough votes to repeal Obamacare.
In an interview on Sunday, Trump called the health care vote imminent. The president said, “I didn’t put a timeline” on it. He added, “Now we have a really good bill … I think they could have voted on Friday.”
Monday morning, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said the administration thinks it possesses the votes to repeal Obamacare.
Cohn told CBS, “This is going to be a great week.” He continued, “We’re going to get healthcare down to the floor of the House. We’re convinced we got the votes and we’re going to keep moving on with our agenda.”
Axios reported on Monday that House Republicans told Democrats that they expect the Obamacare repeal vote to take place on Wednesday. Sources say that they wanted to announce the budget agreement last night to prepare for the vote on Wednesday. As of Tuesday, a vote has yet to be scheduled.
House leadership’s American Health Care Act failed to muster enough votes earlier this spring when conservatives opposed the bill for leaving too much of Obamacare intact. Many conservatives labelled the bill “Obamacare-lite” and “Ryancare.”
A coalition between House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC) and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R-NJ) worked to strike a deal to allow states to repeal Obamacare regulations known as essential health benefits and community ratings. The essential health benefits rule prevents health insurers from pricing health care plans based on age, gender, or health status, while the essential health benefits provision requires that health plans cover services such as mental health, pregnancy, and hospital visits.
However, states can only receive these waivers if they opt into the bill’s $100 billion high-risk pool fund to subsidize coverage for older and less healthy patients. The high-risk pools would lower costs for these individuals and lower premiums for everyone else.
Congressional staffers told Breitbart News that the vote could take place this week, although nothing will move forward unless the bill secures enough votes to proceed.
Meadows previously told Breitbart News that he fully expects an Obamacare bill to pass by the end of May. He said, “I fully expect that we will repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have been a deterrent in the first 100 days, but by the end of the first 120 days or so it will be seen as a significant accomplishment. It’s not how you start, it’s how you finish, as the song used to say. We will have an excellent finish.”
Congressman Jordan echoed the sentiments of Congressman Meadows, saying that the House Republicans soon will strike a deal on health care. Jordan told Breitbart News:
You know we haven’t passed health care yet, but I’m cautiously optimistic that we’ll get it done in the next week or two. Our chairman Mark Meadows has been working very hard over this break. So I think there’s a chance to get an amendment put in the bill that will result in premiums coming down for a lot of American families. I think that we can get it done in a way that is consistent with what we told voters we’re going to do.
Earlier reports that there could be a Wednesday vote on Obamacare repeal appear to be premature. Increasing skepticism from Republican moderates could tank the bill’s chances of passing the House. House deputy whips David Valadao (R-CA), Elise Stefanik (R-NY), Kevin Yoder (R-KS), and Erik Paulsen (R-MN) have yet to decide on whether to support the bill.
Congressman Billy Long (R-MS), a strong House leadership ally, said that he would not support the bill over concerns that the bill “strips away any guarantee that pre-existing conditions would be covered and affordable.” Long said in an interview on Monday, “They got 40 Freedom Caucus votes,” asking, “Why do they need me?”
Fred Upton, the former Energy and Commerce Committee chairman, said Tuesday he will not vote for the Obamacare repeal bill. He said, “I’ve supported the practice of not allowing pre-existing illnesses to be discriminated against from the very get-go.” Upton told WHTC this morning. “This amendment torpedos that, and I told leadership I cannot support this bill with this provision in it.”
Upton could provide cover for lower-profile centrists to oppose the bill.
Upton supported full repeal of Obamacare several times in Congress, and previously released a statement in 2013 titled, “Upton Supports Full Repeal of Obamacare as Rate Hikes Loom.” The report stated:
As the documents provided by the insurers indicate, the primary reason costs will increase is that the PPACA [i.e. Obamacare] requires insurers to provide increased services and benefits while, at the same time, it limits their ability to charge consumers based on age or health status. The minimum coverage requirements will increase premiums for those who had previously purchased less robust coverage, while ‘the infusion of less healthy individuals into the risk pool’ will compound premium increases.
The report slams Obamacare’s community rating and essential health benefits provisions for raising the cost of health insurance. Upton claims he cannot support repealing those Obamacare regulations.
Despite the hesitation from moderate Republicans, a senior GOP aide told reporters that they believe it would be easier to flip moderate Republicans over conservative Freedom Caucus members.
Representative Mike Coffman (R-CO) seems to think that moderate Republicans might have overreacted about the the bill rescinding protections for patients with pre-existing conditions. He said, “There are many moderates who overreacted to the amendment, thinking that it does more than it actually does … So I think people are taking a second look at it.”
Various news sources report that  roughly 19 Republicans oppose the health care repeal bill in its current form. House Republicans can only afford to lose 22 votes or the bill will sink in the House.
If the bill passes the House, it will most likely see changes in the Senate. Sens. Bob Portman (R-OH) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) remain concerned about a provision in the American Health Care Act that freezes Medicaid expansion. Senator John Thune (R-SD), the third highest-ranking Republican in the Senate, crafted a measure to better compensate older Americans for the high cost of health insurance.
Congressman Mark Meadows (R-NC) told Breitbart News that he will work with Senate colleagues to push for a more conservative version. “I am having conversations with my colleagues in the Senate,” he explained, “where we can push for even more conservative solutions, because it was more difficult to push amendments procedurally in the House.”
Senators Rand Paul (R-KY), Mike Lee (R-UT), and Ted Cruz (R-TX) were the strongest opponents of the American Health Care Act. Senator Paul crafted his own conservative plan for repealing Obamacare and worked with the Freedom Caucus to push for an even more conservative Obamacare repeal bill. The Freedom Caucus endorsed Sen. Paul’s plan.
Outside conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks endorsed the MacArthur amendment to bolster conservative support for the bill.
President Donald Trump tweeted that a new health care plan is on its way and the new plan will lower premiums while protecting those with pre-existing conditions.

You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors….New
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 30, 2017


…healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 30, 2017




ARTICLE
Fox News identified the SEAL Team Six member who fired the fatal shots as Rob O’Neill.
When the gun type was reported by other outlets, Breitbart News reached out to a former Navy SEAL for verification and he said the H&K 416 was “very likely” the gun used to take out bin Laden.
The Tribunist reported that the H&K 416 used in the raid had “a 10 inch barrel and a list of high dollar accessories.” This means the gun would have been an H&K 416 A5 (11″), as seen here:

Or an H&K 416 with a 10.4″ barrel, as seen here:

The Heckler and Koch website describes the 416 10.4″, saying:
Heckler and Koch developed the HK416 for U.S. special operations forces as a major product improvement of M4/M16-type carbines and rifles. Using the HK-proprietary gas piston system found on the G36, the HK416 does not introduce propellant gases and carbon fouling back into the weapon’s interior, making it the most reliable of any M4/M16 type weapon.
The HK416 has been combat-proven in Southwest Asia and has also gained worldwide attention of military, law enforcement, and security users. In April 2007, the HK416 was selected as the new Norwegian Army rifle. The 10.4 inch barrel model is the shortest, most compact variant and is widely used by special operations, law enforcement, and military units worldwide.
CNN recounted the details of the raid that ended bin Laden’s life:
May 2, 2011 – In the early morning hours (approximately mid-afternoon on May 1 in the United States), a group of 25 Navy Seals raid the compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
When gun controllers see either of the above versions of the H&K 416, they may be quick to describe them as the same kind of AR-15 rifles that civilians buy stateside. However, military rifles and civilian rifles are far different. On the sides of both photographs of the 416 you will notice a selector switch that lets the firearm go from semi-automatic–which is the version civilians own–to fully automatic or three round bursts, both of which are used by military personnel. The civilian versions only resemble the military versions in shape and appearance.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
You would be tempted to think the $1 trillion government funding deal is like Christmas morning for them, as Republicans have handed them free media to brag about how much of the President’s agenda they have stopped.
You’ll see it in the news as an “Omnibus spending bill,” when it should really be called “the Status Quo Protection Act.” President Hillary Clinton would have been proud of this bill.
It tosses out campaign promises as it continues to fund the military industrial complex and the welfare state.
It not only rejects President Trump’s calls for cuts to multiple agencies, but it increases their funding by millions of dollars.
It paves the way for those agencies to engage in more “use it or lose it” September spending.
It leaves our deficit at well over $500 million.
While good provisions are tucked in, “[o]verall,” as Bloomberg reported, “the compromise resembles more of an Obama administration-era spending bill than a Trump one.”
Instead of legislating from crisis to crisis, Republicans should use fiscal deadlines to articulate the principles that supposedly set us apart – to boldly defend the conservative philosophy that fueled the country’s growth and can lead it into a new era of prosperity.
Yet, for too long, Republican majorities have backed down from those debates. Like Monty Python’s Sir Robin, they have turned and fled from what seems the least bit threatening, with no shortage of people willing to sing their praises for “bravely” doing so.
As a result, we’ve allowed a narrative that equates “compassion with money” to dominate. If you don’t want to increase funding levels, you’re painted as not caring about the underlying issue.
If you don’t want to give the military a blank check, you’re said to be unpatriotic.
In the church of Big Government, every dollar is holy.
Meanwhile, the conservative argument says health care improves as you get government out of the way. You can better protect the environment when you empower states and localities instead of a centralized bureaucracy. Government can more efficiently and effectively deliver its services – and more easily customize them for each state’s needs – as greater control is returned to the local level.
You free Americans to save for retirement, educate their children, or support small businesses when you don’t nickel-and-dime them with every last tax or fee.  Cutting down on red tape incentivizes entrepreneurs to chase their dreams, start a business, and innovate. Removing the promise of guaranteed money demands the highest quality research and results to justify continued support.
In the end, how compassionate is it if we can’t help anyone because politicians bankrupted our nation by forcing the federal government to try to do everything?
We tell our kids “money doesn’t grow on trees,” and that runaway debt robs people of their freedom and limits their opportunities.
Yet Washington believes it is an economics-free zone, where basic principles and common sense simply don’t apply.
But economic laws are called that for a reason, and the balance always comes due, even when you have a central bank eager to repeatedly bail you out.
“Kick the can” is a great kids game but a poor way to run a government.
Former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Michael Mullen tried to warn us in 2010 when he called debt “[t]he most significant threat to our national security.” History is littered with the ruins of nations who fast-tracked their own decline by becoming overextended.
There’s no doubt you and I live in a dangerous world, with threats we must defeat. But as long as we continue to spend with abandon, pile it on the backs of the taxpayers we claim to serve, and pretend it’s all okay, we are ultimately our own worst enemies.
We will not be able to adequately defend ourselves, much less lead others, if we’re drowning in debt with a destroyed dollar.
Earlier this year, I introduced a budget that repealed Obamacare, froze all on-budget spending without making changes to Social Security, gave agencies time to prepare for new spending levels, and contained zero specific cuts to any government function so we could work together to prioritize spending.  It did all this while actually balancing.
We must meet our obligations, but we can do so while responsibly instituting reforms and embracing the change we promised the American people.



ARTICLE
The latest controversy began with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Tweeting out photos of a levee wall along the border and see-through border fence that illegal aliens and drug and human traffickers regularly cut through. Spicer argued, without calling any of them a “wall” like the one Trump promised on the campaign trail, that the president “just negotiated a spending deal where we can build these.” He explicitly did not call the photos a “border wall” on his Twitter account.

.@POTUS just negotiated a spending deal where we can build these pic.twitter.com/UI4Wslx9wl
— Sean Spicer (@PressSec) May 2, 2017

Technically, Spicer’s Tweet is accurate. The spending bill, which funds the government until the end of the fiscal year, does account for the construction of levee walls and extra steel fencing, but that is far short of the president’s campaign promise of an actual border wall.
But what Spicer did next was highly problematic and potentially hurts President Trump’s efforts to succeed later in the year in delivering an actual border wall when the next spending bill comes up in September. Spicer directed one of his deputies, Lindsay Walters, to call Breitbart News and pitch the photos in Spicer’s Tweet as a “border wall.”
Noting that Spicer directed her to call Breitbart News and argue that the photos represent a “border wall,” Walters pushed back when Breitbart News argued that a see-through fence and a levee wall do not constitute a “border wall” that fulfills President Trump’s campaign promise.
“There are two types of walls, a levee wall and a bollard wall,” Walters said in a follow-up email. “Both of which will help secure our borders.”
Technically, levee walls—or flood walls—are common parts of levees designed to deal with flooding. The Rio Grande river constitutes much of the U.S.-Mexico border, so levees—and “levee walls” as Walters argued—are a part of that. They are not meant for border security, but rather for flood management.
But, Walters said in a follow-up email that “A bollard wall and levee wall of this scale will prevent illegal immigrants from crossing the border.”
Walters and Spicer and others in the White House communications office have not answered why Spicer’s original Tweet did not include the term “wall” or “border wall,” but rather described them as “these.”
This all came after an earlier press briefing in which Spicer was flanked by Office of Management and Budget (OMB) director Mick Mulvaney and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. Kelly reiterated the president’s commitment to building a real wall on the border and laid out his plans to do so. Mulvaney held up photographs of the steel fencing, claiming that was an improvement.
Lack of progress on a border wall ahead of the 2018 midterm elections would likely hurt Republicans in what would otherwise be a chance at another GOP landslide given the 2018 Senate map. And if there is lack of border wall progress by 2020, Trump could face a loss of his hardcore supporters in the Rust Belt from states like Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin–states he turned red for the first time in years thanks to promises to once and for all secure the border.
It is perhaps debatable how much Trump could have gotten this go-around out of the Democrats in Congress—who he rightfully ripped in his speech in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, this weekend as being complicit with drug cartels and gangs like MS-13 for blocking the wall for now. Some in his base would likely be willing to forgive him not funding the wall or starting construction until September or October, the next funding bill go-around, especially since the wall would become a clear election year issue heading into the midterms when Democrats who opposed it would need to explain to their constituents why they are against securing the border and protecting the country.
The real issue here is that at least some of President Trump’s staff and many Republicans party-wide are not serving him well or interested in implementing his agenda, many Trump allies inside and outside the White House told Breitbart News. Walters and Spicer have not answered multiple follow-up questions on whether or not they are working out a plan to get funding for a real wall in September and are prepared for this next political battle which could have dire implications for the president and his agenda. Trump allies who spoke with Breitbart News made very clear that they do not view this as the president’s fault, noting instead that Trump would be much better served if his team were better prepared on these matters—not just the communications team, but the congressional relations and government staffing teams as well.
“The greatest negotiator in the world did not fail the people that got him elected,” one Trump ally who regularly communicates with the president and his inner circle told Breitbart News. “His staff, more specifically the liberal staffers who do not know why or how he was elected, have failed his base. They dominate his ear and fail to give him the full scope of the disasters that are about to transpire, and more often than not they have proven that their loyalty lies not with Donald Trump but instead with Speaker Paul Ryan.”
Interestingly, one question Breitbart News has repeatedly asked Spicer over the course of several weeks is whether he is more loyal to Ryan or to Trump. He has refused to answer it. Walters, meanwhile, when on the phone with Breitbart News on Tuesday afternoon, acknowledged the question when Breitbart News asked it again and requested an answer from Spicer as to whether he is more loyal to Trump or Ryan. She said she would try to get one.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said this week that President Trump himself, and the White House overall, were not very involved in working on this bill—and that congressional Republicans took the lead, hence the Democrat wins and GOP failures. Schumer also advocated that Trump stay out of the next funding bill battle ahead of September, almost goading the president into a budget war. That is Trump’s next big test: Can he, now that he is familiar with the levers of power, successfully negotiate payment for a border wall in the next spending bill? Or can he find another way to get it done? Next time around, with the midterms looming, he may pay a steep price for politically outsourcing these projects to Capitol Hill leadership like Ryan—people who have a proven track record of failing him—or to staff who have repeatedly dropped the ball.
“The presidency has receded,” one senior GOP congressional aide told Breitbart News. “I’ve never seen anything like it. The administration is not involved in major discussions anymore. It’s President Ryan and quasi-Speaker Mark Meadows leading the way on major negotiations.”
Rick Manning, the president of Americans for Limited Government and a top outside Trump ally, concurred.
“It is tragic that this funding bill reflects Paul Ryan’s priorities but bears zero resemblance to those put forth by President Trump,” Manning said in an email. “If Paul Ryan is allowed to continue imposing his will, the President’s agenda will never get done and the GOP’s legitimacy to lead will be lost.”
“This is not what we voted for or supported,” a heavily-connected GOP donor who has contributed in the mid-six-figures in the last election cycle added. “We thought we were getting President Trump. Now we’re getting President Ryan. Not sure we are better off with Hillary or Paul Ryan.”
“President Ryan is making liberals blush with gratitude,” a high-ranking Senate GOP aide also told Breitbart News. “A tale as old as time, Republicans sell out and give Democrats an early Christmas.”



ARTICLE
The Journal notes that Kushner’s Cadre stake “means the senior White House official is currently a business partner of Goldman Sachs Group and billionaires including George Soros and Peter Thiel.” The Journal also reports that Kushner didn’t disclose a number of loans “totaling at least $1 billion, from more than 20 lenders,” on properties and companies he co-owns; and Kushner “has also provided personal guarantees on more than $300 million of the debt.” An analysis of the debt on these assets “found ties to a broad swath of U.S. and foreign banks, private-equity firms, real-estate companies and government-owned lenders.”
From Jean Eaglesham, Juliet Chung, and Lisa Schwartz reporting in the Wall Street Journal:
[Kushner’s lawyer Jamie] Gorelick said the Cadre stake is described in a revised version of [Kushner’s] financial-disclosure form that will be made public after it has been certified by ethics officials. She said Mr. Kushner has previously discussed his Cadre ownership with the Office of Government Ethics and that Mr. Kushner has “resigned from Cadre’s board, assigned his voting rights, and reduced his ownership share.” A spokesman for the Office of Government Ethics didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
…
Mr. Kushner co-founded Cadre in 2014 with his brother Joshua and Ryan Williams, a 29-year-old friend and former employee of Kushner Cos., the family-controlled business that Mr. Kushner ran until recently. Cadre markets properties to prospective investors, who can put their money into specific buildings or into an investment fund run by Cadre, which collects fees on each deal.
To get off the ground, Cadre turned to a Goldman Sachs fund and a number of high-profile investors. Among them were the venture-capital firms of Mr. Thiel, Silicon Valley’s most prominent supporter of Mr. Trump, and Vinod Khosla, a co-founder of Sun Microsystems Inc., according to Cadre’s website. Other backers include Chinese entrepreneur David Yu, co-founder with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s Jack Ma of a Shanghai-based private-equity firm, hedge-fund manager Daniel Och and real-estate magnate Barry Sternlicht, people close to Cadre said.
Cadre also secured a $250 million line of credit from the family office of George Soros, a top Democratic donor whom Mr. Trump criticized during his presidential campaign, the people close to the company said. Mr. Soros’s family office is also an investor in Cadre.
Read the rest here. 



ARTICLE
“I believe this budget will help us begin to improve the way we do business and how we accomplish our goals to help make this country more secure,” said Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly.
He said that department’s base discretionary budget is $42.4 billion dollars.
Kelly added:
We will be able to both sustain our critical security operations and make improvements that will make us all safer. That includes hiring ICE agents, improving cyber security, funding grants that support state and local communities in funding the Coast Guard operations at $344 million dollars above the FY17 budget request. And as promised, the budget will secure our borders and enforce our immigration laws. Border security has three factors: you need people, you need technology and you need infrastructure. This budget begins to provide, begins to provide all three.
Kelly indicated that the budget will allow funding to replace see-through steel wall along the southwest border, enforcement aircraft, and technology used to prevent illegal activity across the border.
The Secretary said he was shocked at the rejoicing of some officials over the slowdown in building the border wall. He said the slowdown makes the border under less control.
Budget Director Mick Mulvaney followed Kelly promoting that there is funding for replacing existing damaged border wall.
“There’s no bricks and mortar for a wall in this, we can build this,” Mulvaney said as he pointed to one of two pictures of old border fencing and newer replacement wall displayed at the front of the room.
“There is several hundreds of millions of dollars for us to replace cyclone fencing with 20-foot high steel wall…There’s several hundreds of millions of dollars for us to build levy walls,” he continued. “That’s what we got in this deal and that’s what the Democrats don’t want you to know.”
“This is the wall, by the way, that DHS said they wanted,” said Mulvaney. “…because it actually works better.” He said this was safer for Border Patrol agents, adding, “It’s also half of the cost so we can build twice as much of it. This is a huge win for border security.”
Pressed on there being no funding for a new border wall, Mulvaney replied, “Is it a replacement for existing wall, yeah. That’s fine. Is it new wall, no.” He pointed to a photo of smaller existing fencing and a taller, more fortified fencing set to replace it using funds included in the spending bill. “You can call it new wall, you can call it replacement, you can call it maintenance, call it whatever you want to. The President’s priority was to secure the southern border and that’s what this does.”

When asked, Mulvaney couldn’t answer where along the southern border the replacement wall was being built.
During Monday’s press briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer left lingering questions as to when Americans can expect to see the new border wall funded and completed. Spicer said the President got a lot out of the new spending bill, including $1.52 billion for border security. He indicated that it would be a push to fund the new portions of the border in the fiscal year 2018 budget, but stopped short of ensuring that funding would make it into that budget either.
“Make no mistake the wall’s going to be built. The President has made it very clear,” he insisted. Pressed on a timeline for completion, Spicer said only “as soon as possible.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
According to FBI figures, 2,045,564 background checks were conducted last month, which is only about 100,000 checks away from the record of 2,145,865, set in April 2016.
Breitbart News reported that a string of 19 months of record background checks began in May 2015, when that month witnessed more background checks than any May in history. June 2015 followed suit, witnessing more background checks than any June in history. And the streak continued as July 2015, August 2015, September 2015, and the remaining months all broke records to close out the year. Then, beginning with January 2016, records were set anew through November 2016.
In fact, by the end of November 2016, there had already been more background checks in the first 11 months of 2016 than during any full year in history.
The streak ended in December 2016, when 2,771,159 checks were conducted. That represented a 500,000 decrease from the record of 3,314,594 checks, set in December 2015. But Breitbart News pointed out that even with the 500,000 check decrease, December 2016 remained one of the top three Decembers of all time. Only December 2015 and 2012 surpassed it.
Notably, background checks are not a precise indicator of gun sales because background checks are conducted on the gun buyer rather than the guns bought. And a buyer can purchase multiple guns after passing a background check. This means the 2,045,564 checks for April 2017 would actually equal 4,091,128 guns sold if every would-be buyer purchased two guns.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The study shows that “54% of counties (with 11% of the population) have no murders” while “69% of counties have no more than one murder.” Taken together these counties, which represent about 31% of the U.S. population, “account for only 4% of all murders in the country.”
However, CPRC shows that two percent of U.S. counties–led by Los Angeles County–account for 51% of all murders. And “the worst 5% of counties contain 47% of the population and account for 68% of murders.”
This is crucial information because gun controllers continuously point to polls claiming a vast majority of Americans support one type of gun control or another, and those same gun controllers point to homicide rates to bolster their push for new laws. One thing the gun controllers do not explain is where the the poll respondents live–for example, are they all concentrated in the two percent of counties where 51% of U.S. murders occur? And secondly, when listing homicide rates, gun controllers do not point out that murder is a local problem rather than a national one. In other words, murder is serious problem if you live in Los Angeles County, Cook County, or Harris County–the locations of Democrat-controlled Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston–but it is not a problem if you live in a rural county in Kentucky, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, or the rest of “73 percent” of U.S. counties which had zero murders during any given year from 1977 to 2000.
The NRA-ILA points out that even among the counties that lead the nation in murder, the murders are occurring only in certain parts of those counties. They point to a 2015 report in the Hartford Courant, wherein “Yale Ph.D. candidate Michael Sierra-Arévalo explained that Yale University sociologists determined ’70 percent of all shootings in Chicago can be located in a social network composed of less than 6 percent of the city’s population.'”
Think about it–70 percent of Chicago’s bloodshed and mayhem occurs in an area representing “less than 6 percent of the city’s population.” Gun controllers would say this means more gun control is needed for the other 94% of the population, but such thinking is counter-intuitive.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The Commerce Department reported last week that Gross Domestic Product only grew 0.7 percent during the first quarter of 2017, following a gain of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The Associated Press claimed that the slow GDP growth in the beginning of 2017 “marks the first quarterly economic report card for President Donald Trump, who has vowed to rev up the U.S. economy.”
“Americans say they feel more optimistic about the economy since President Trump was elected,” The New York Times wrote on April 28, “but they certainly are not acting that way, and that is shaping up to be a challenge for his administration.”
Bloomberg added to the chorus of outlets that expressed pessimism about the economy under President Trump’s first 100 days. “The U.S. economy is in better shape than Friday’s first-quarter figures will probably indicate,” Sho Chandra and Patricia Laya wrote, “but getting the growth that President Donald Trump wants is becoming even more difficult.”
But the media was singing a different tune during President Obama’s first 100 days.
Despite the slow growth that occurred at the outset of 2009, the outlets that linked President Trump to poor GDP performance failed to hold President Obama to the same standard.
“The Commerce Department reported last week that Gross Domestic Product only grew 0.7 percent during the first quarter of 2017, following a gain of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016,” the New York Times reported in 2009. The only mention of President Obama in the article was a reference to Paul Volcker that identified him as an adviser to the president.
In early 2009, Associated Press reporter Liz Sidoti, and likely in response to concerns over less than desirable economic performance, heaped lavish but meaningless praise on President Obama. “It didn’t take long for Barack Obama — for all his youth and inexperience — to get acclimated to his new role as the calming leader of a country in crisis,” she wrote. “Rookie jitters? Far from it.” He spoke in “firm, yet soothing tones.” He used a “just-folks approach.” He “displayed wonkish tendencies, too,” and “engaged in witty batter,” and on foreign policy, he “struck a statesmanlike stance.”
On April 29, 2009, The Washington Post, without mention of the slow GDP growth, said Obama had “moved quickly to strengthen the U.S. economy, refine the American strategy in two foreign wars and reverse Bush-era detention and interrogation policies that have drawn condemnation at home and abroad.”
An extensive blog prepared by The New York Times that covered President Obama’s first 100 days in office failed to mention GDP growth even once. The blog, which was written by five presidential biographers, covers a wide range of topics including foreign policy, the economy, and the president’s interactions with congress.
Investor’s Business Daily was unable to “find mainstream media critiques of Obama’s policies early in 2009,” claiming that “there were virtually none.” Although the economy was contracting in the early months of Obama’s presidency,  “no one blamed him for that. Instead, there was lavish praise, even as he stumbled from error to error. They blamed Bush.”
If anything, “lavish praise”  may be an understatement. On February 20, 2009, ABC Nightline co-anchor Terry Moran argued that “in some ways, Barack Obama is the first President since George Washington to be taking a step down into the Oval office.”
Katie Couric came out in full support of Barack Obama’s early stimulus package proposal, citing a survey that claimed that slightly more than half of Americans supported the proposal. Couric used this survey to ask then-House Leader John Boehner why congressional Republicans wouldn’t support the policy.
“A recent CBS News poll shows that 53 percent of the American people fully backs the stimulus package, 63 percent of people we polled thought the Republican opposition to the stimulus package was for political reasons. So, are you out of touch with the American people?…Do you think the Republicans are digging themselves in a hole by not being more supportive of the President’s proposals?” Couric asked.
The policies enacted in President Obama’s first 100 days cost a whopping 141 times what President Trump’s first new policies have cost. According to an analysis from the American Action Forum, President Trump’s new regulations have cost a mere $28 million in comparison the $4 billion enacted by President Obama in the same period.
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Pence was a guest on radio host Rush Limbaugh’s show Tuesday, where he emphasized the bill’s major strength is an increase in national defense spending. The vice president said:
I mean, in a very real sense this was a game-changer because we’re just back to putting the safety, security, and the national defense of the American people first, and I think it sends, having just traveled around the Asian-Pacific representing the president over the last couple of weeks, I think this sends a decisive message to the world that under President Trump’s leadership we’re gonna make the strongest military in history even stronger.
Limbaugh, however, pressed Pence on how much the Democrats actually were forced to give up in the deal:
If I’m the Democrats, $21 billion, 15 billion for defense that was not originally authorized, that’s a small price to pay for continuing to fund refugee resettlement, continuing to fund Planned Parenthood, continuing to fund sanctuary cities, continuing to fund the EPA, and not build the wall. The Democrats clearly think this is a big win, and they’re confident they can block Trump’s agenda after this spending bill for the rest of Trump’s term. There isn’t anything of the president’s agenda in this budget, and people are beginning to ask, when’s that gonna happen? If you’re gonna shut it down in September, why not now?
If you complain about 60 votes today, why not go budget reconciliation for 51 votes and smoke ’em?
Pence insisted, however, that a $21 billion increase in defense spending for a short-term bill is significant. He said:
This is a short term bill that finishes out this year, but I think it demonstrates that in President Trump’s leadership, the American people once again have a president who can bring together both parties, who can move the ball forward on the priorities of the American people, and when the next budget comes around next fall you’ll see even more of President Trump’s leadership and priorities reflected.
“Mr. Vice President, we’ve been told this for 15 years, we’ll get ’em next time, after every continuing resolution,” Limbaugh continued.
“No, we got ’em this time,” Pence replied.
The vice president also said Republicans should look at Trump’s efforts to meet his pro-life promises within his first 100 days.
“You know, the president recently signed a bill into law that ends the Obama-era regulation that blocks states from banning Planned Parenthood funding,” he explained. “Now states can ban Planned Parenthood funding like we tried to do in the state of Indiana.”
Pence continued that the healthcare bill GOP leaders are hoping to pass will once again contain a provision to defund Planned Parenthood at the federal level.
“And of course the health care bill that we hope comes up soon actually defunds Planned Parenthood altogether, while we repeal and replace Obamacare,” he said.
“Planned Parenthood is in the repeal of Obamacare, the new health care — what’s the status?” asked Limbaugh. “What is this, if it passes, what are we gonna get?”
Pence replied:
Well, what you’re gonna get is the beginning of the end of Obamacare and the beginning of a better health care system for the American people. What this bill does is, first and foremost, it repeals the taxes and penalties that are at the core of Obamacare. We expand health savings accounts, which you’ve been a champion of for decades, giving people more choices in consumer directed care. And then we block grant or provide great new flexibility in Medicaid back to the states.
“And the combination of all of this, I truly do believe, is the beginning of the end of Obamacare,” the vice president said.



ARTICLE
“Fees collected from drilling on the Outer Continental Shelf help fund important conservation tools like these grants,” Secretary Zinke said in a press release announcing the awards. “The Department of the Interior and the National Park Service are committed to preserving U.S. and tribal history and heritage.”
“Through valuable partnerships we are able to assist communities and tribes in ensuring the diverse historic places, culture and traditions that make our country unique are protected for future generations,” Zinke said.
Grants totaling $26.9 million are being awarded to all 50 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. territories, and partnering nations. Grants totaling $5.7 million are being awarded to more than 160 tribes “for cultural and heritage preservation projects on their tribal lands.”
The grants are part of the annual appropriations for the Historic Preservation Fund (HPF), which has provided some $1.2 billion to preserve America’s heritage since its inception in 1977.
But these appropriations are not coming from taxpayers’ pockets. The press release said:
Funding is supported by Outer Continental Shelf oil lease revenues, not tax dollars, with intent to mitigate the loss of a non-renewable resource to benefit the preservation of other irreplaceable resources. The HPF is also an essential funding stream for tribes to preserve their unique cultural and heritage resources through a broad range of activities, including identifying places of cultural significance for planning and protection purposes, public education and training, and leading tribal preservation initiatives.
Some examples of the work done with the grant funding include:
•Students from Keweenaw Bay Ojibwa Community College in Michigan will assist conducting oral interviews with elders on tribal traditions and everyday life in a project that also includes an outreach and education exhibit
•A statewide study on Japanese-American settlement coordinated by the Nebraska State Historical Society
•Wisconsin conducted underwater survey evaluations of shipwrecks in Lake Michigan, preparing site plans, and National Register of Historic Places nominations for the S.C. Baldwin and three newly discovered vessels
•Washington’s State Department of Archaeology & Historic Preservation’s consultation with the U.S. Department of Energy and Native American Tribes on culturally-sensitive Columbia River shoreline with known tribal archaeological resources, historic properties illustrative of post-contact settlement, and Manhattan Project era resources
•In Texas, a youth summit held in conjunction with the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park and a series of workshops on historic metal truss bridges in cooperation with the Texas Historical Commission and the Texas Department of Transportation



ARTICLE
Brian Joshua Anderson and Brittney Rennee Luckenbaugh, both 16, were each charged with one count of misdemeanor disclosure of private images, the New York Post reported.
Police say the teens contacted David Laughinghouse, a French teacher at Swansboro High School in North Carolina through a fake social media account.
WNCN reported that the students obtained and then shared with other students X-rated photos of the 51-year-old teacher.
They were arrested and later released on $5,000 bail.
“This investigation remains an active one and we are potentially looking for other incidents of catfishing,” Sheriff Hans Miller told the Jacksonville Daily News.
Anderson and Luckenbaugh are both set to appear in Onslow County District Court on June 15.



ARTICLE
The ad also boasts of Trump’s appointment of a “respected supreme court justice,” the creation of over 500,000 new jobs, America becoming more energy independent, the slashing of regulations, as well as “the biggest tax cut plan in history.”
However, the ad contends that “you wouldn’t know [Trump’s successes] from watching the news,” accompanied by a chyron that reads ‘FAKE NEWS,’ as well as photos CNN’s Wolf Blitzer and MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow,

“CNN requested that the advertiser remove the false graphic that the mainstream media is ‘fake news,’” the network said in a statement. “The mainstream media is not fake news, and therefore the ad is false and per policy will be accepted only if that graphic is deleted.”
Michael Glassner, Executive Director of Donald J. Trump for President, Inc responded, “It is absolutely shameful to see the media blocking the positive message that President Trump is trying to share with the country. It’s clear that CNN is trying to silence our voice and censor our free speech because it doesn’t fit their narrative.”
Since taking office, Donald Trump has escalated his war on the mainstream media — particularly CNN — regularly describing them as “very fake news” and even the “enemies of the American people,” along with other networks such as NBC, ABC, and CBS.  

The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017

In the run-up to last year’s presidential election, documents released by Wikileaks showed CNN colluding with the Clinton campaign on multiple occasions. One of the most explosive examples includes former DNC chair and disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile sharing confidential questions with Hillary Clinton in advance of one of the network’s primary debates.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
“According to the recall notice posted with National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the vehicles are equipped with certain airbag inflators assembled by Takata. In the event of a crash necessitating the deployment of the safety devices, the inflators may rupture with enough force to spew pieces of metal at occupants,” explained Consumerist. “Millions of consumers have already received notice that their cars are affected by the defect, but unable to be fixed at the moment. This is because of the large nature of the recall and the tens of millions of new inflators needed.”
“This is not acceptable,” said one customer who was notified that he couldn’t use the front passenger seat for potentially a year.
In an FAQ, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration advised those who don’t feel comfortable driving their car until the repair date to “contact your dealer and ask for a loaner until an interim or a final repair is completed.” However, it was also noted that dealers are not obliged to provide this service.
“Vehicles equipped with air bags, including air bags that are under recall, save lives and reduce injuries. The vast majority of Takata air bags will perform as expected. However, as made clear by the agency’s unprecedented action, we do not accept even the small number of failures,” wrote the NHTSA on their website. “Lives have been lost due to this defect.”
“If you feel uncomfortable continuing to drive your vehicle before the recall repair has been performed on your vehicle, you should contact your dealer and ask for a loaner until an interim or a final repair is completed,” they continued, adding, “Dealers and manufacturers are not required to provide you a loaner car, but it can never hurt to ask.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.



ARTICLE
The political marketplace is the marketplace of crony capitalism. Its supply and demand are lobbying expenditures and the resulting federal program or carve out. Its actors are not firms, but the political class and the politicians they influence. This won’t be anything new to people who have been following Washington over the years, but I do want to talk about a textbook case of this–it’s called the Durbin Price Control and it affects regular Americans every day, whether they realize it or not. The Durbin Price Control is a price control on the fees retailers pay to banks whenever a consumer uses a debit card.  
I suspect that most readers of this publication know that price controls aren’t effective policy. But what’s even more interesting is how this provision came into being. Unlike the private market, the political marketplace works best in the dark, and that’s what happened with the Durbin Price Control. There was no debate or hearing on the provision in Congress. It was included in the 11th hour of the Dodd-Frank Conference Committee and pushed through by a liberal Democratic Senator.
Another key feature of the political market is that the products it delivers, government interventions in the free market, aren’t beneficial to the average taxpayer. They’re beneficial to the narrow interests that got them in. Durbin is very much in that mold. Before Durbin, more than 75 percent of banks offered free checking. Now only 40 percent do. The average checking account fee cost has more than doubled, from $5.90 per month to $13.25 per month. Most people haven’t noticed, but the ones that do are generally on the lower end of the income scale. It’s been estimated by the International Center for Law and Economics that working class Americans now see between one and three billion dollars in additional banking costs because of Durbin.
The political market is also increasingly looked to as a weapon of last resort to settle market disputes in unrelated areas. The arguments being made in the service of the price control are that the market for debit cards is broken, because prices on swipe fees have gone up and that the price control actually restores the free market. The cause of the increase is supposedly monopoly power by debit card issuers like Visa. If that sounds a great deal like an antitrust dispute, that’s because it is. We have two different laws on the books, each more than a century old, to figure out these types of problems, but the federal courts have ruled against the claims three times, in rulings going back to 1986. Even the Ninth Circuit, no friend to free-market economics, has ruled against retailers making the antitrust argument.    
I’m a retailer myself, and I used to own a gun store in North Carolina. I’ve personally paid tens of thousands of dollars in swipe fees. It was also my choice whether or not to accept debit cards, and I did so because I thought it was worth the price. Retailers around the country have made the same decision.  
Jeb Hensarling, Chairman of the Financial Services Committee (a committee on which I sit) has introduced a Dodd-Frank repeal bill that eliminates the Durbin Price Control. If we were able to get a full repeal, it would strike a blow to the political market, one of the most important we’ve seen in a long time. I’m looking forward to a sharp debate, and I’m hopeful that the full repeal provision holds strong throughout the process.



ARTICLE
In no particular order, here are five outrages within the text of the nonbinding UNESCO resolution, which was submitted by Algeria, Egypt, Lebanon, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, and Sudan and passed in a 22-10 UNESCO vote:
1 – The resolution designates Judaism’s second holiest site, the Tomb of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs, and Judaism’s third holiest site, Rachel’s Tomb, as “an integral part of the Occupied Palestinian Territory.”
2 – The resolution claims it is “safeguarding” the “cultural heritage of Palestine,” despite the fact that no such country exists.
Palestine previously referred to territories that encompass present day Israel and Jordan. It was utilized in the 1917 Balfour Declaration to call for “the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people.”  In the case of the resolution, UNESCO clearly intended “Palestine” to connote a Palestinian state within Israel even though there is no such state.
3 – The text refers to eastern sections of Jerusalem as an entity called “East Jerusalem” in a clear attempt to lobby for the division of Jerusalem.
The full clause states:
Affirming that nothing in the current decision, which aims, inter alia, at the safeguarding of the cultural heritage of Palestine and the distinctive character of East Jerusalem, shall in any way affect the relevant Security Council and United Nations resolutions and decisions on the legal status of Palestine and Jerusalem, including United Nations Security Council resolution 2334 (2016).
In reality, Jerusalem is one city; there is no city called East Jerusalem. The term is largely utilized to claim that Israel is occupying “East Jerusalem,” and that the city section should become part of a future Palestinian state.  
Jews maintained a historic presence in Jerusalem, including in the eastern sections, until they were forced to leave the Old City en masse in 1948. Jordan illegally occupied and annexed the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem from 1948 until Israel captured the lands in a defensive war in 1967.
The 1967 Six Day War was launched after Arab countries used the territories to stage attacks against the Jewish state.  In 1988, Jordan officially renounced its claims to the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem and unilaterally recognized terrorist Yasser Arafat’s Palestine Liberation Organization as “the sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people.”
4 – The resolution refers to Israel as an “occupying power” in its own capital, Jerusalem. It claims all fundamental Israeli territorial actions in Jerusalem are “null and void.”
The text states: 
Reminding that all legislative and administrative measures and actions taken by Israel, the occupying Power, which have altered or purport to alter the character and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem, and in particular the “basic law” on Jerusalem, are null and void and must be rescinded forthwith.
In actuality, the Palestinians never had a state in either the West Bank or eastern Jerusalem and they are not legally recognized as the authorities in those areas for Israel to be occupying the land from.  The UNESCO resolution further ignores that the Temple Mount and Western Wall – the holiest sites in Judaism – are located in eastern Jerusalem, which is steeped in Jewish history.
5 – The resolution forbids Israel to carry out “excavations, tunneling, works and projects in East Jerusalem, particularly in and around the Old City of Jerusalem.”
The sponsoring countries seem to fear that excavations in these areas routinely uncover archaeological evidence further tying Jews to Jerusalem. For example, discoveries at the City of David, an archeological site just outside the Temple Mount, have unearthed the core of ancient Jerusalem, including Hezekiah’s Tunnel, evidence of the Gihon Spring, Jewish Temple artifacts, Temple purifying pools and more.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.



ARTICLE
A mass email sent on Monday using DNC chairman Tom Perez’s name as the sender praised the appropriations bill as a win for Democrats.
“Late last night, Democratic leaders reached a deal to stop a Republican-led government shutdown, and it’s a major victory for all of us who are resisting the Trump agenda,” the email sent on Monday said.
Those victories, the email claimed, include not cutting Planned Parenthood funding and not allowing “one red cent for Donald’s border wall.”
“And it only happened because you made sure Republicans knew there’d be hell to pay for backing Donald Trump’s agenda,” the email said, adding that the Republicans’ effort to do away with Obamacare and install “Trumpcare” is still in play.
“We chalked up a big win yesterday, and that’s great,” the email said.
“But we can’t afford to rest on our laurels,” the email concluded as it urged email recipients to make a donation to the Democratic Party.
Meanwhile, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) said at a Capitol Hill press conference on Tuesday that there’s a lot of “conservative wins” in the budget, and that includes no funding for Planned Parenthood.
“Planned Parenthood is not funded,” Ryan said, adding that the grants and reimbursements given to the nation’s largest abortion provider through the federal Title X Family Planning Program to the tune of millions of dollars annually will be up to Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price.
“So we think there are some really good wins,” Ryan said. “I know there’s a PR machine that the Democrats are pushing. I’d say don’t look at the press releases; look at the bill.”
“When you look at the bill, there’s a lot of good conservative wins here,” Ryan said. “But chief among them are the president’s two highest priorities: support the military and get a down payment on border security.”
Ryan said the “fight” for funding the border wall will come this summer.



ARTICLE
He described the bill as a “clear win” for the American people and called the process “hotly contested.”
The deal includes $1.5 billion for border security and a $21 billion increase in defense spending.
“There will never be a time when we are spending more money,” Trump said about military spending, promising the best equipment and resources for the armed forces.
Trump made his remarks during his speech at the White House, awarding the Commander-in-Chief Trophy to the Air Force Academy football team for defeating Army and Navy rivals. 
“We are at last reversing years of military cuts and showing our determination and resolve to the rest of the world,” he said.
Trump also praised Republicans for getting more money for border security, calling it a “down payment” for his promised wall on the southern border.
“Make no mistake: we are beginning to build the wall,” he said, pointing to the funding that would be used to fix existing fencing and strengthen the border.



ARTICLE
The proposed spending bill — which would fund the government through September 30 and which the president is expected to sign later this week — provides $445 million in funds to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the same amount of money the agency received in 2017. The CPB helps support the public television station PBS and radio network NPR.
Additionally, the budget proposal would increase the budgets of both the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities by $2 million each, bringing their respective budgets to $150 million in total.
Artists and groups that had lobbied heavily in defense of the agencies celebrated news of the budget agreement this week, including Brad Erickson, a board member of Californians for the Arts.
“I have to think that all the advocacy is what made the difference,” Erickson told local PBS affiliate KQED. “More than 700 people lobbied in Washington this year, and staff for members of Congress said they got an astounding amount of emails and letters supporting funding for the arts.”
The art and film worlds reacted with shock and fear in March when Trump’s own budget plan proposed to strip all funding from the CPB, the NEA, the NEH, and a number of other arts-related agencies, including the Institute of Museum and Library Services.
The National Endowment for the Arts was established by President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1965 but funding for the agency has grown controversial over the intervening decades, as critics have said that taxpayers should not be forced to contribute to art projects that go against their values, or are obscene.
In a statement, Creative Coalition president and actor Tim Daly praised Congressional leaders for “defending the Right to Bear Arts.”
“Increased funding for the National Endowment for the Arts will allow more people to exercise that muscle and develop the creative thinking skills necessary to foster the next generation of American ingenuity and innovation,” he said.
 
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum



ARTICLE
Richard Lindzen, Alfred P Sloan Professor of Atmospheric Sciences, Emeritus at Massachussetts Institute of Technology, has long expressed doubts about the “science” behind anthropogenic global warming theory. (h/t Paul Homewood)
Now, in probably his most comprehensive and devastating assault yet on the Climate Industrial Complex, Lindzen shreds every one of the fake-science arguments used by the environmentalists to justify their hugely expensive “global warming” scare story.
The 97% meme
This is a fabrication designed to make idiots feel like experts.
As Lindzen puts it:
The [’97 per cent of scientists believe in global warming’] claim is meant to satisfy the non-expert that he or she has no need to understand the science. Mere agreement with the 97% will indicate that one is a supporter of science and superior to anyone denying disaster. This actually satisfies a psychological need for many people.
But, he explains, it’s just a trick created by pretending that all the scientists who agree that humans make a contribution to global warming (ie almost everyone) also agree with the alarmist theory that global warming is catastrophic, unprecedented and within man’s control. Which simply isn’t the case.
The ‘warmest years on record’ meme
Alarmists have been shrieking a lot recently that most of the hottest years on record – 14 out of 15, according to the UN – have happened since 2000.
This is silly for a number of reasons, Lindzen explains.
First, warmth is not necessarily bad or worrying thing:
It begins with the ridiculous presumption that any warming whatsoever (and, for that matter, any increase in CO2) is bad, and proof of worse to come. We know that neither of these presumptions is true. People retire to the Sun Belt rather than to the arctic. CO2 is pumped into greenhouses to enhance plant growth.
Second, it doesn’t – as some idiots believe – mean that global warming hasn’t paused for the last twenty years.
Of course, if 1998 was the hottest year on record, all the subsequent years will also be among the hottest years on record. None of this contradicts the fact that the warming (ie, the increase of temperature) has ceased.
Third, the differences in temperature are so small as to be almost unmeasurable and are open to all manner of fraudulent adjustments by politically motivated climate gatekeepers.
The extreme weather meme
The idea that we are experiencing more “extreme weather” events because of “climate change” is plain dishonest.
Roger Pielke, Jr. actually wrote a book detailing the fact that there is no trend in virtually any extreme event (including tornados, hurricanes, droughts, floods, etc.) with some actually decreasing. Even the UN’s IPCC acknowledges that there is no basis for attributing such events to anthropogenic climate change.
In fact, its pure propaganda designed to scare the ignorant:
The claims of extreme weather transcend the usual use of misleading claims. They often amount to claims for the exact opposite of what is actually occurring. The object of the claims is simply to be as scary as possible, and if that requires claiming the opposite of the true situation, so be it.
Sea level rise
Not a problem:
Globally averaged sea level appears to have been rising at the rate of about 6 inches a century for thousands of years.
Arctic sea ice
After decreasing in the Arctic for a period and increasing in the Antarctic it now appears to be stabilizing. But so what?
All one can say, at this point, is that the behavior of arctic sea ice represents one of the numerous interesting phenomena that the earth presents us with, and for which neither the understanding nor the needed records exist. It probably pays to note that melting sea ice does not contribute to sea level rise. Moreover, man has long dreamt of the opening of this Northwest Passage. It is curious that it is now viewed with alarm.
Polar bear meme
I suspect that Al Gore undertook considerable focus-group research to determine the remarkable effectiveness of the notion that climate change would endanger polar bears. His use of an obviously photo shopped picture of a pathetic polar bear on an ice float suggests this.
Ocean acidification
This is again one of those obscure claims that sounds scary but doesn’t stand up to scrutiny. Ever since the acid rain scare, it has been realized that the public responds with alarm to anything with the word ‘acid’ in it. […]
[…] As usual, there is so much wrong with this claim that it takes a fairly long article to go over it all. I recommend the following source.
Death of coral reefs
Somewhat exaggerated…
The reasoned response to this [alarmist Nature] paper is provided here.
As Steele, the author of the above, points out, bleaching has common causes other than warming and is far from a death sentence for corals whose capacity to recover is substantial. This article is a bit polemical, but essentially correct.
Global warming as the cause of everything
Hardly anyone has the time and energy to deal with the huge number of claims. Fortunately, most are self-evidently absurd. Nation magazine recently came up with what is a bit of a champion is this regard. CO2, it should be noted, is hardly poisonous. On the contrary, it is essential for life on our planet and levels as high as 5000 ppm are considered safe on our submarines and on the space station (current atmospheric levels are around 400 ppm, while, due to our breathing, indoor levels can be much higher). The Nation article is typical in that it makes many bizarre claims in a brief space. It argues that a runaway greenhouse effect on Venus led to temperatures hot enough to melt lead. Of course, no one can claim that the earth is subject to such a runaway, but even on Venus, the hot surface depends primarily on the closeness of Venus to the sun and the existence of a dense sulfuric acid cloud covering the planet. Relatedly, Mars, which also has much more CO2 than the earth, is much further from the sun and very cold. As we have seen many times already, such matters are mere details when one is in the business of scaring the public.
Lindzen’s article is well worth reading in full, not only for the usefulness of its scientific rebuttals but also simply to enjoy the loftiness of the author’s magisterial contempt for the entire field of climate “science.”
It is the exasperated sigh of a hugely intelligent and well informed scientist absolutely sick to the back teeth of trying to explain the truth about climate change to audiences which have been brainwashed into drooling idiocy.
For over 30 years, I have been giving talks on the science of climate change. When, however, I speak to a non-expert audience, and attempt to explain such matters as climate sensitivity, the relation of global mean temperature anomaly to extreme weather, that warming has decreased profoundly for the past 18 years, etc., it is obvious that the audience’s eyes are glazing over. Although I have presented evidence as to why the issue is not a catastrophe and may likely be beneficial, the response is puzzlement. I am typically asked how this is possible. After all, 97% of scientists agree, several of the hottest years on record have occurred during the past 18 years, all sorts of extremes have become more common, polar bears are disappearing, as is arctic ice, etc. In brief, there is overwhelming evidence of warming, etc. I tended to be surprised that anyone could get away with such sophistry or even downright dishonesty, but it is, unfortunately, the case that this was not evident to many of my listeners.
Lindzen does not even pretend there’s a credible scientific case for the man-made global warming scare theory – because basically there just isn’t one. Believing in this theory, he concludes, is as stupid as believing in magic.
I haven’t spent much time on the details of the science, but there is one thing that should spark skepticism in any intelligent reader. The system we are looking at consists in two turbulent fluids interacting with each other. They are on a rotating planet that is differentially heated by the sun. A vital constituent of the atmospheric component is water in the liquid, solid and vapor phases, and the changes in phase have vast energetic ramifications. The energy budget of this system involves the absorption and reemission of about 200 watts per square meter. Doubling CO2involves a 2% perturbation to this budget. So do minor changes in clouds and other features, and such changes are common. In this complex multifactor system, what is the likelihood of the climate (which, itself, consists in many variables and not just globally averaged temperature anomaly) is controlled by this 2% perturbation in a single variable? Believing this is pretty close to believing in magic. Instead, you are told that it is believing in ‘science.’ Such a claim should be a tip-off that something is amiss. After all, science is a mode of inquiry rather than a belief structure.



ARTICLE
Ryan differentiated between the omnibus appropriations bill – which Republicans negotiated with Democrats – and the budget reconciliation bill, and said the former requires 60 votes in the Senate, while the latter only requires 51 votes.
“Look at what all our pro-life groups are saying,” Ryan said. “They’re saying that Planned Parenthood legislation needs to be in the reconciliation bill – as it is – because that’s how you get it into law.”
Ryan continued:
We always knew that it takes 60 votes to pass an appropriations bill through the Senate. This bill does not have funding for Planned Parenthood. That’s important. The reconciliation bill advances the pro-life cause even further. So, no Planned Parenthood funding in here. And, by the way, [HHS Secretary] Tom Price is now the person who approves grants that go out to the states. So, we feel very comfortable we are working hand in glove with the administration to advance our pro-life priorities.
So, number one – they’re advanced here. We keep all our Hyde Amendment riders. And then our reconciliation bill – that’s the bill that you don’t need 60 votes on – that’s the bill that you don’t need to have Democrats with, and that’s the bill that where we’re advancing our cause even further, and that’s why these two efforts in conjunction with one another advance our cause and our principles quite a bit.
In a press release, Ryan’s office wrote Americans “should know” that the omnibus bill Republicans agreed to “protects life,” but only provides reference to the Hyde Amendment as proof of that claim.
“The bill reaffirms the Hyde amendment and prohibits federal funding of abortions,” Ryan’s office asserts. “It also specifically limits the District of Columbia from using federal funds for abortion in the district.”
The Family Research Council provided further explanation:
For those of you reading the media reports that the GOP didn’t cut Planned Parenthood funding in the omnibus, there’s a reason for that. A bill like this one requires 60 votes, whereas the budget reconciliation measure — which is how Republicans are handling the repeal of Obamacare and the defunding of Planned Parenthood — only needs 51. (And, as most people know by now, that same language already has a track record of success, passing Congress in 2015.) What’s more, adding that provision as a rider on discretionary spending bills like this one wouldn’t affect the mandatory spending programs, which also finance Planned Parenthood. Republicans are committed to severing ties with the group, but the omnibus isn’t the tool to do it. Until then, we’re keeping up the fight for a plan that recognizes: abortion isn’t health care!
Susan B. Anthony List president Marjorie Dannenfelser also said in a statement, “A majority (53.3 percent) of Americans support redirecting Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding to community health centers that offer a full range of primary and preventative care but do not perform or promote abortion.”
“With pro-life Republican majorities in both houses, it is incredibly disappointing that any Republican spending bill would contain continued funding for Planned Parenthood,” she added. “This makes it imperative that Republicans also move quickly on a reconciliation bill that redirects the abortion giant’s funding to community health centers.”



ARTICLE
A new report from the Congressional Budget Office provides an eye-opening answer to the question by examining a sector of the labor market whose wages have been largely shielded from the effects of trade deals, immigration, and job-killing regulation. These workers receive wages and benefits that are, on average, about 17 percent higher than workers with comparable skills and education in other parts of the economy.
The compensation gap is striking. The workers in the protected sector are better compensated than unprotected peers at every level of educational attainment aside from those with professional degrees or doctorates. The compensation gap is largest, in fact, for those workers who would otherwise be among the most vulnerable in the economy: workers with no more than a high school degree. According to the CBO study, the total compensation for protected workers with a high school diploma or less earned 53 percent more than their unprotected peers.
So who are these protected workers? They are members of the federal government’s civilian workforce.
The federal government employs about 1.5 percent of the U.S. workforce, around 2.2 million workers. They are spread across more than 100 agencies and over 650 occupations. In fiscal year 2016, the federal government spent around $215 billion to compensate these workers. On average, they tend to be older, more educated, and more concentrated in professional occupations than private-sector workers.
The CBO studied data from 2011 through 2015 to estimate the differences between the wages and benefits of federal employees and similar private-sector employees. It sorted the data by level of education, years of work experience, occupation, size of employer, geographic location, veteran status, and demographic characteristics such as ages, sex, race, and marital status.
What it found was that federal workers tend to earn far more than their private sector counterparts. Between 2010 and 2015, federal workers with a high school degree or less had wages that were 34 percent higher than private sector peers and benefits that were 93 percent greater, for a total compensation gap of 53 percent. For workers with a bachelor’s degree, the wage gap was 21 percent, composed of a 5 percent wage gap and a 52 percent benefit gap.
Aside from those with the highest levels of education, the compensation gap has grown in recent years. Between 2005 and 2010, for example, the total compensation gap for workers with a high school diploma or less was 36 percent. The gap for those with a bachelor’s degree was 15 percent.
An adjustment to whom is counted as a federal employee caused some of this difference. But the larger part of it was caused by the fact that wages grew more quickly among less educated federal workers than those in the private sector. This is even more striking because lawmakers froze across-the-board salary increases for federal workers between 2011 through 2013. Without this freeze, the gap would have grown even larger.
Federal workers are shielded from a lot of the effects of globalization that have depressed private sector worker compensation. Their jobs are not easily or often subject to off-shoring, the practice of replacing employees in the U.S. with employees located in foreign countries. Similarly, outsourcing does not weigh on federal workers the way it does private sector workers. Competition from immigrants is far less of a factor because the U.S. government has stringent rules against hiring illegal immigrants and does not directly seek workers from abroad to fill jobs. While the federal government hires immigrant workers, it does so from the pool that is already legally residing in the United States.
Trade hardly impacts federal worker compensation at all. Civilian federal employees working in the Defense Department, the largest group of federal workers, are not in wage competition with defense workers in foreign lands. That is true for almost all federal workers, in fact. From the Department of Agriculture and the Department of the Interior to the U.S. Treasury and the Justice Department, the wage competition faced by employees is purely domestic.
Unlike the private sector, where employment and wages are depressed because of regulation, the federal government benefits from increased regulation. Each new regulation requires employees to enforce and monitor compliance. And most regulations impose few barriers to projects that the federal government pursues.

Look at it from the point-of-view of the agencies. They are confined to hiring, for the most part, American citizens and legal residents. They compete with other government agencies and the private sector for workers. While the private sector can turn abroad for workers, the federal agencies cannot. The result is higher wages and better benefits for federal workers.
Importantly, many of the non-policy sources of wage stagnation that impact the private sector also weigh on the federal sector. Communications technology, for example, has made many occupations once filled by workers in the federal government redundant. Robotics, improved computer processing, and the Great Recession–recall that wage 2011-2013 wage freeze–have all hit federal workers. Yet the compensation grew. That leaves the effects of trade and immigration policy as the most likely culprits.
The absence of a wage gap for those with a doctorate or professional degree is telling. In the private sector, these are workers who have faired relatively well in the age of globalization. Many have seen the demand for their work–and therefore their prosperity–rise as lawyers, bankers, and other professions ply their trade internationally. So it is no surprise that the federal workers with advanced degrees earn 18 percent less than private sector counterparts.
This fact also undermines a competing narrative explaining the wage gap–that it is a result of a reckless federal government that spends willy-nilly and cannot resist pressure for higher wages. If that were so, all federal workers would be expected to earn more.
The compensation gap could also explain why so many federal workers do not look favorably on President Donald Trump. They just have not experienced the economic impact of globalization the way many of Donald Trump’s private sector supporters have.
The CBO report is a glimpse into a shadow world, an alternate reality of an American economy absent the trade and immigration policy decisions that have dragged down all but the best educated and highest earning segments of the American workforce. It shows us an America where a worker without a high school diploma is far better paid and the rewards to the elites are far less grand. It is the world without the carnage that globalization has sown in the American economy.
It is, more hopefully, a roadmap to making America great again.



ARTICLE
“Bannon … he’s actually a very good guy,” Trump said in an interview with Bloomberg News. The president joked that sometimes he called Bannon “alt-left” and suggested that he was “more of a libertarian” despite his widely recognized populist nationalist politics.
“You know, they give him a bad rap,” Trump added. “Bannon is a very decent guy who feels very strongly about the country.”
Trump defended his son-in-law Jared Kushner as “a very brilliant young guy” who was getting along with Bannon, after their widely reported feud in the White House.
“They’re getting along fine … they’re getting along well,” Trump said, although he admitted that “for a while it was a little testy” between the two of them.
He acknowledged that his team was “very competitive” and tried to dispel the notion that Kellyanne Conway and Sean Spicer were rivals. He specifically praised Sean Spicer for getting great television ratings.
“He’s become the biggest star on television now, you know?” Trump said. “He’s getting more than the ‘Bold and the Beautiful’ guys, those handsome guys that they pay a fortune, right?”
Trump said he expected to keep his team intact, but hinted that “probably people are going to get job offers.”
“You know, things happen,” he said. “But, but I’m very happy with our group. We’re doing very well.”



ARTICLE
“The House and Senate Intelligence committees should investigate what she did and why,” the Wall Street Journal argued in an April 28 piece.
Last month, blogger Mike Cernovich and other news outlets reported that Rice had unmasked, or identified the names, of Trump campaign officials caught up during surveillance of a foreign target.
The piece said Democrats raised a fuss in 2005 over then-senior Bush official John Bolton doing the same thing but with far more justification, due to the job he held, but are now “going all in to squelch” the story.
“Then Senators Joe Biden and Chris Dodd kicked up a fuss that, as Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security, Mr. Bolton had 10 times over four years asked for the names of American officials who were swept up in National Security Agency monitoring.”
“Democrats and their press allies are going all in to squelch the Susan Rice ‘unmasking’ story, insisting that the decision by Barack Obama’s national security adviser to seek the name of at least one Trump campaign official was routine and no big deal,” it said.
For example, it said, “House Intelligence Committee Democrat Adam Schiff released a tutorial on why unmasking is ‘lawful.’ ‘Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong,’ said an NBC headline, quoting no one on the record.”
The Wall Street Journal editorial also pointed out that while Rice and Democrats have defended her actions as “not uncommon,” Democrats and the media in 2005 characterized it as unusual.
At that time, Dodd claimed unmasking was “rarely requested” and “infrequently” by “political appointees such as Mr. Bolton.” The New York Times also reported that requests to unmask “are not common, particularly from policy makers.”
The editorial also argued that there was no apparent reason for Rice to have requested the unmasking of Trump campaign officials’ names, contrary to her explanations.
“Ms. Rice had no direct intelligence duties in her NSC post, and no Democrat has provided a valid reason that Ms. Rice might have needed to unmask anyone associated with the Trump presidential campaign,” the editorial said.
Rice has denied doing anything “untoward” with the intelligence she received, as did Bolton. But Democrats had drawn up a list of 36 individuals that he clashed with and called on National Intelligence Director John Negroponte to rule out they were the target of Bolton’s unmasking.
And while House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) has stepped aside from his committee’s Russia probe after complaints from left-wing activist groups that he discussed unmasking in public, Democrats in 2005 “couldn’t stop talking to the press,” the piece said.
The piece also pointed out that names unmasked by Bolton have still never made it out to the public, in contrast with the illegal leaking in February of phone conversations held by former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
“Twelve years on, not one of the 10 individuals unmasked by Mr. Bolton has had his or her identity leaked. By contrast, the Washington Post reports that no fewer than nine Obama appointees or career officials leaked or confirmed the identity and conversations of unmasked former Trump adviser Michael Flynn.
“If John Bolton’s unmasking was questionable, then Mrs. Rice’s was more so. The House and Senate Intelligence committees should investigate what she did and why.”
Rice is expected to be among witnesses asked by the House intelligence committee to testify in its ongoing probe of Russian interference in the elections.



ARTICLE
These are the four tech companies, according to analysis by Quartz, pushing for no reforms to the H-1B visa and legal immigration system, as the current process of bringing more than 85,000 foreigners to the U.S. each year.
Microsoft
In the first quarter of 2017 during Trump’s presidency, Microsoft lobbied more for immigration and the H-1B visas than any other tech company. In Microsoft’s five out of eight lobbying reports, it referred to “high-skilled immigration,” which is synonymous with the H-1B visa, as well as mentioning “comprehensive immigration reform.”
Microsoft is generally the biggest pusher for more H-1B foreign workers and amnesty for illegal immigrant, lobbying for those issues in 340 lobbying reports since 2008, when former President Obama first took office. In 2017, Microsoft asked for more than 5,000 foreign workers through the H-1B visa.
Google 
The parent company to Google, Alphabet, remains one of the largest opponents in the tech industry to Trump’s “America First” agenda, which is why Quartz analysis showed it had the largest uptick in pro-immigration lobbying in the first quarter of 2017. In this quarter, alone, Alphabet lobbied more for immigration than ever before since 2008.
In Alphabet’s reports, according to Quartz analysis, executives used phrases like “travel ban” and “travel restrictions” in regard to Trump’s national security executive order that would have prevented refugees from terrorist-haven nations from entering the U.S.
Back in February, Google executives publicly opposed the travel ban, writing in a letter with other tech executives that the order “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace.”
Facebook
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been, arguably, the most pro-immigration, pro-amnesty tech leader in the Trump era and before. In two lobbying reports analyzed by Quartz in the first quarter, Facebook argued against Trump’s travel ban to protect Americans from terrorism and voiced opposition to any changes in the H-1B visa program, despite widespread reported abuse and displacement to American workers.
Aside from opposing a halt in foreign refugees coming from terrorist-sanctioned nations and crackdowns on any foreign guest worker visas, Zuckerberg has his own open borders lobbying group, known as FWD.us. The organization calls for the amnesty of the 12-30 million illegal immigrants in the U.S. and demands more foreign workers through the H-1B visa. Facebook continues to profit from the use of foreign workers, requesting nearly 3,000 to fill U.S. jobs from 2014 to 2016.
Amazon
Amazon lobbied once during the first quarter of Trump’s presidency, making it one of the least involved tech companies on the immigration issue, along with IBM and Apple, who did not lobby for more immigration from the administration at all last quarter.
Amazon remains a big winner from sourcing foreign labor. Between 2014 and 2016, Amazon asked for 6,395 H-1B employees.
The H-1B visa has been criticized by Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions as a way for giant corporations to profit off the displacement and firing of Americans.
In a more recent executive order, Trump called for a “full legal review” of the H-1B visa and its negative impacts on the wages, job opportunities and unemployment of American workers, Breitbart Texas reported.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Everytown linked to an April 25 Salon column to make their case; a column which claimed that the Black Lives Matter movement–coupled with Murthy’s position that guns should be regulated as a healthcare matter–were about to make real strides in securing gun control.
The Everytown tweet:

President Trump's firing of Surgeon General Vivek Murthy is an attack on gun violence research https://t.co/2uGuYDcv22
— Everytown (@Everytown) April 30, 2017

The Salon article to which Everytown linked claimed there was “a fledging movement in the world of trauma surgery to revive ’90s-era research efforts investigating the root causes of gun violence” which was snuffed out by Murthy’s removal. Salon suggested that Murthy’s presence as Surgeon General allowed researchers and doctors to study contributors ranging “from systematic racism to overly lax gun laws.”
Salon added:
Even though the topic is highly politicized, there was reason for doctors to believe that a series of mass shootings, renewed debate over firearm laws and the Black Lives Matter movement had helped create a social environment ripe for an increase of medical research attention to the causes of gun violence and possible methods of preventing it.
Salon lamented that “Donald Trump… requested Surgeon General Vivek Murthy’s resignation” just as the gun controllers were getting their hopes up.  And they noted that Trump’s action was “a move widely seen to be a sign of Trump’s hostility toward any discussion of gun violence as a public health issue.”
Salon did not mention the death and bloodshed which mark two of the most gun-controlled cities in America–Baltimore and Chicago–nor did they mention that both of those cities are, and have been, Democrat-run for decades. In other words, the murders occurring in those two cities cannot be blamed on “overly lax gun laws” and if racism in leadership is to blame, Everytown will have to investigate Democrats to get to the bottom of it.
On May 1 Breitbart News reported that “assault weapons” ban, “high capacity” magazine ban, and fingerprinting requirements for handgun buyers adopted by Baltimore in 2013 have not translated into tranquility but mayhem. They witnessed 344 murders in 2015 and 318 murders in 2016. The murder rate is currently rising so fast that the city’s mayor is asking the FBI to step in.
And Chicago is a war zone that witnessed over 1,000 shooting victims between January 1, 2017, and April 25, 2017, alone. With the violent summer months coming, this means Chicago is on track for another year of 4,000 or more shooting victims.
The examples of Baltimore and Chicago stand as testaments to remind us that gun control is not the solution, but it certainly may be part of the problem.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Last week, Judicial Watch released State Department documents including a declaration from FBI Special Agent E.W. Priestap, the supervisor of the agency’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email activities, stating that the former secretary of state was the subject of a grand jury investigation related to her BlackBerry email accounts.
The declaration was produced in response to Judicial Watch’s lawsuit seeking to force Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to take steps to “recover emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton” and other U.S. Department of State employees (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. Rex Tillerson (No. 1:15-cv-00785)). We originally filed the lawsuit against then-Secretary of State John Kerry. The Trump State Department filing includes details of the agency’s continuing and shameful refusal to refer the Clinton email issue to the Justice Department, as the law requires.
In the filing, Priestap declares under penalty of perjury that the FBI “obtained Grand Jury subpoenas related to the Blackberry e-mail accounts, which produced no responsive materials, as the requested data was outside the retention time utilized by those providers.”
On April 30, 2015, Judicial Watch sued Kerry after the State Department failed to take action on a letter sent to Kerry “notifying him of the unlawful removal of the Clinton emails and requesting that he initiate enforcement action pursuant to the [Federal Records Act],” including working through the attorney general to recover the emails.
After initially being dismissed by the district court, Judicial Watch’s lawsuit was revived on appeal by a decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on December 27, 2016.
While at the State Department, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton conducted official government business using an unsecured email server and email accounts. Her top aides and advisers also used non-“state.gov” email accounts to conduct official business. Clinton left office February 1, 2013.
The FBI convened a grand jury to investigate Hillary Clinton in 2016. Why is this information being released only now?
It is disturbing that the State Department, Justice Department, and FBI are still trying to protect Hillary Clinton. President Trump needs to clean house at all these agencies.



ARTICLE
The director of research at the Center of Immigration Studies (CIS), Steven A. Camarota, found that illegal aliens on an average cost U.S. taxpayers approximately $74,722 during their lifetime. This calculation does not include the costs of any of their children born in the U.S.
The expert asserts, “If a border wall stopped between 160,000 and 200,000 illegal crossers – 9 to 12 percent of those expected to successfully cross in the next decade – the fiscal savings would equal the $12 to $15 billion cost of the wall.” The average fiscal drain of a legal or illegal immigrant who did not graduate high school is $173,375 during their lifetime, according to the report.
The cost, if you include the U.S.-born descendants of illegal immigrants, swells to $94,391 for each person who crossed the border illegally. Camarota reports that looking at 2015 figures that reveal 170,000 illegal aliens crossed the border without going through a port of entry when multiplied over a decade, would equal 1.7 million new illegal crossings. The CIS research director says that if border walls stopped 9 to 12 percent of these illegal border crossers, the border wall barricades would pay for themselves. If border barriers stopped half of these individuals, it would save U.S. citizens $64 billion.
The financial analysis was done by taking the likely education level of the illegal immigrants and the economic estimates by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NAS) for those individuals, and the taxes these illegal immigrants pay versus what they cost taxpayers.
Camarota says experts agree that most illegal aliens have not completed high school or only have a high school education.
It is important to note that “aliens join the illegal population primarily by overstaying a temporary visa,” he says. “A southern border wall would not address this part of the illegal flow.”
Moreover, a large burden of the cost is borne at the state and local level, not the federal level.
But the cost to U.S. taxpayers is much higher. Camarota says the NAS calculation looks at the “net present value” (NPV). When looking at the long-term costs using illegal alien education levels, the “actual net lifetime fiscal cost” is a possible $140,000 to $150,000 each if you do not use an NPV calculation, he writes.
“The drain for an illegal immigrant dropout is $117,236, and the drain for a legal immigrant without a high school diploma is $211,711,”the report claims.
Even those who criticize these financial calculations, like two researchers at the CATO Institute, Alex Nowrasteh, and David Bier, agree that illegal aliens cost taxpayers at least $43,444, or as Camarota notes, $4.3 billion per 100,000. Camarota also counters that “Cato recalculated the education level of illegal immigrants in order to reduce their costs, but they do not explain how they did this.” Cato reported they “look[ed] at the ages and education of new immigrants from Mexico and Central America who comprise virtually all unlawful immigrants who enter as border crossers.” Camarota bucks “They do not define what they mean by ‘new’.” Camarota was unable to replicate the CATO numbers using the March 2016 Current Population Survey (CPS).
Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2.



ARTICLE
That money-reducing language in the 2017 funding bill means wall construction is even further away from starting than it was last week, said Dan Horowitz, editor at Conservative Review. “This [bill] would make it effectively that you are worse off than you are before — Donald Trump is signing into law a bill that downright violates his promise“ to build a wall, Horowitz said.
The funding bill drafted by Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and top GOP leaders does not offer any new funding for the wall, despite Trump’s request for at least $1 billion to build 62 miles of barrier this year. Instead, the bill grabs back more than $300 million from accounts at the Department of Homeland Security, including a $187 million in cash seized from drug smugglers and other criminals. 

The $187 million is held in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund. According to the agency website:
The Treasury Executive Office for Asset Forfeiture (TEOAF) administers the Treasury Forfeiture Fund (TFF). The TFF is the receipt account for deposit of non-tax forfeitures made pursuant to laws enforced or administered by it participating Treasury and Department of Homeland Security agencies. The Fund was established in 1992 as the successor to what was then the Customs Forfeiture Fund. The TFF participating agencies are:
Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigations Division (IRS-CI), U.S. Department of the Treasury;
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Department of Homeland Security;
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Department of Homeland Security;
U.S. Secret Service (USSS), Department of Homeland Security;
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security.
That forfeiture language is intended to stop Trump’s deputies from using leftover funds to start building the wall, whose construction was authorized by Congress in 2006.
The language in the bill also shows the Democrats will oppose Texas Sen. Ted Cruz’s proposal to fund the wall with funds recovered from criminals.  Cruz’s proposal is the “Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order” bill.
The spending bill does offer $497 million for various construction programs, including “$341,200,000 to replace approximately 40 miles of existing primary pedestrian and vehicle border fencing.“ But it also says the money can’t be spent unless the agency develops a huge master plan within just 90 days that is approved by the undersecretary of management at the Department of Homeland Security.
But every “dollar is earmarked for a specific non-border wall purpose so there is no flexibility to reallocate funds,” said Robert Law, an advocate at the Federation for American Immigration Reform. 
The budget deal does not include funds to hire extra border guards, as demanded by Trump. 
Democrats celebrated. “In a defeat for President Trump, the [bill] does not fund the immoral and unwise border wall or create a cruel new deportation force,” said a statement by the Democratic leader in the House, Rep. Nancy Pelosi. The bill included “key victories for Democratic priorities,” she said. 
The bipartisan budget deal was slammed by Law at FAIR. He said:

In another backroom deal to fund the government, Congress has yet again ignored the will of the American people. President Trump campaigned on building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and the American people demand it. Unfortunately, Congress continues to show how tone deaf it is by not allocating a single dollar for new border wall construction.
Physical barriers are a proven, successful deterrent to illegal immigration. Even if a border wall is not practical along the entire southern border, there are definitely places where it would work. The failure to fund even that portion of a wall in this government funding bill shows that Congress is not serious about permanently securing our nation’s borders.

On Monday, the Democrats’ restrictions were downplayed by White House spokesman Sean Spicer, who said: 

We have five months left in this fiscal year. We’re getting $1.52 billion for border security, there’s a lot that can be done with that. We’ve got a lot of things that happen before the wall is built in terms of planning, technology, gates. There’s a lot of things that can do to prepare for that wall being constructed…this was a down payment for 2017 and as we get ready for fiscal year 2018 that’s start in the beginning of October, this will be a major priority.

GOP leaders got some of what they wanted from Democrats by trading the away the priorities of Trump’s voters and ordinary conservatives, Horowitz said. The giveaways included cuts in funding for Planned Parenthood plus funds for the wall, while the gains include healthcare funds for Kentucky miners and language preventing curbs on major donations, both of which were sought by Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell. 
McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan “do not share out values,” Horowitz said. 
The Trump administration’s inability to fight for its supporters goals is a huge threat to the Trump presidency, said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “There’s a certain amount of political flexibility any president has to have — the problem is that on immigration ever time Trump has faced pushback [from Democrats or business groups], he either has retreated or has not asserted himself at all,” Krikorian said, adding: 

Telling the Border Patrol and ICE [U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement]  that they could start doing their jobs again was easy to do… but there are proactive things that need to get done, accomplishments that require pushing and work, and those so far we have not really see out of the administration… if there were some things they were strong on, and a couple of places where they were willing to give ground, I don’t think that would necessarily hurt him. But on DACA [former President Barack Obama’s 2012 quasi-amnesty], they’re still issuing new work permits … so they have not met the concerns of their own voters a quarter of the way.

“In the latest challenge on funding for the wall, as soon as Chuck Schumer said ‘Boo,’ the White House surrendered, and although some think it will be different in September, It won’t be,” warned Krikorian. 
Democrats fervently oppose Trump’s proposed border wall, which would literally and symbolically cement his 2016 victory and also block the northward migration of consumers, cheap workers, and future voters into Democratic-dominated cities. GOP leaders know their business donors oppose the wall, which would reduce the inflow of illegal-alien consumers and workers to the corporate members of the many Chambers of Commerce throughout the United States.
In a Monday meeting with reporters, Schumer said several GOP Senators had told him they oppose the wall.



ARTICLE
Said Harvey, citing Democrat spending on the race, “It will be the most expensive congressional seat in U.S. history in Georgia and I think they’re going to come up short there.”
Harvey also discussed the Montana House race, where the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is spending six figures to try and secure a win. He characterized the races as Democrat desperation in trying to give Trump an electoral loss early in his White House term.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
“Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!” he wrote on Twitter.
Trump explained that part of the reason for Republican compromises in the budget was that he needed enough Democrat votes for it to meet the 60-vote threshold in the Senate.
“The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there!” he wrote.
But Trump also urged voters to give him a 60-vote majority in the Senate to help pass his agenda.
“We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 percent,” he wrote.
In an interview on Monday, Trump appeared pleased with the budget deal, despite Democratic priorities blocking funding for the wall on the southern border and continuing to fund Planned Parenthood.
“We’re very happy with it,” Trump said, arguing that he had won $1.5 billion for border security. “And I think it’s important that we keep moving along. I think both sides are happy.”



ARTICLE
The budget funds Planned Parenthood, but not the border wall, for example. The White House listed some gains, but critics say the budget could just as easily have been signed by Hillary Clinton.
There is a simple reason Republicans lost: they were willing to accept almost any deal, and Democrats knew it.
In negotiation, there is a basic concept called the “best alternative to a negotiated agreement,” or BATNA. If any party’s BATNA is better than an agreement, there will be no deal. Likewise, if any party’s BATNA is particularly good, they will have more leverage in negotiations, because the other side knows they can walk away without too much damage. Conversely, if any party’s BATNA is very bad, they are likely to suffer. In the process of negotiating, each side may try to improve — and exaggerate — its own BATNA, while also investigating, and downplaying, the other side’s BATNA.
The Republicans came to these budget negotiations without a BATNA, or with a very bad one. They were not prepared to shut down the government under almost any circumstances. A shutdown in President Donald Trump’s first 100 days would have made him look like a weak chief executive, and might have caused lasting political damage. A shutdown would also have made the GOP-dominated Congress look reckless and incompetent. It was never going to happen.
The Democrats might also have suffered from a shutdown, but they have an institutional advantage, in that the public is conditioned to expect federal spending as the norm, and the mainstream media almost always blame the Republicans for shutdowns. So their BATNA, while bad, was better than President Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan’s BATNA.
There are more budget negotiations coming in the fall, and Republicans will continue to “get rolled” unless they are able to change the BATNAs. There are two ways to do that.
One is to make Republicans’ BATNA better, in relative terms, by convincing them that the political price for a bad budget agreement will be far worse than for a shutdown. Conservative activists could do this by supporting those Republicans who are willing to vote against a future budget. But that will not work for moderate Republicans.
The other way is to make Democrats’ BATNA worse, by choosing one issue — or, at most, a few issues — that would embarrass Democrats to fund (or to fail to de-fund). Republicans could declare that they will refuse to support a budget that includes Planned Parenthood, for example, or President Trump could threaten to veto a budget that lacks funding for a border wall.
The problem is that there are loud segments of the Democratic base who would reward their party for standing firm on those issues, and media pressure would mount against Republicans.
There is a third alternative, which is to “starve the beast” — to give Congress less money to spend. That would make some of the non-esstential budget priorities, like Planned Parenthood, harder for Democrats to defend.
In the past, under Democratic leadership, Congress has been willing to run big deficits to keep their favorite programs running, but Republicans would probably be less so, especially under pressure from their conservative base.
That is perhaps the most credible strategy, given that Republicans can push through President Trump’s proposed tax cuts on a reconciliation vote — i.e. with a simple majority in the Senate. For the first few years, at least, lower taxes would produce lower revenues, until economic growth takes off.
That may be the only way for Republicans to win future budget battles.
Update: Just a few minutes after this article was published, President Trump defended the budget deal on Twitter, and predicted that there would be a “shutdown” of the government in September or a change in the Senate rules:

The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We….
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017

either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good “shutdown” in September to fix mess!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2017
There are two messages there. One is that the president is prepared to risk a shutdown — though he has not yet made clear which priorities would cause him to veto a proposed budget. The other is that he sees the Senate filibuster as the obstacle, to be overcome either by passing the 60-vote threshold in November 2018, or by changing the Senate rules.
It seems unlikely that the Senate would opt to change the rules for ordinary legislation, so that leaves the option of electing 60 Senators. That would work — but it would also postpone the day of reckoning until 2019, which means Republicans would continue to lose in budget negotiations until then. Conservative voters are in no mood to wait.
From a negotiating standpoint, it is good for Trump to broadcast that he “needs” a shutdown. The challenge for the administration is to find the issue, or issues, on which to make that stand, and leave the tough choices for Democrats.
If a shutdown is to happen, it is more likely — and more credible — in September than later. The more often Trump is willing to spend on Planned Parenthood or the National Endowment for the Arts, the less credible later threats will be.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
The Los Angeles Times reported that the protest was “tame”:
Crowds were relatively modest compared to last year, and the LAPD’s strategy of big numbers but minimal interaction appeared to work. Police formed a line on Spring Street that divided pro- and anti-Trump supporters. Insults, and apparently a few plastic bottles, were thrown, but both sides kept the peace.
…
By midafternoon, authorities estimated that about 15,000 had gathered in downtown Los Angeles, far less than the 100,000-plus they had predicted.
Organizers later put the crowd total at 30,000, but the low numbers were frustrating, said Elizabeth Cordova, 38, who marched the rally route with her mother and husband. “It’s kind of like embarrassing, because this is our biggest chance to make a difference and to show the government we are not alone.”
There was a small counter-demonstration, staged by a few dozen supporters of President Trump (also far below organizers’ hopes of 200,000), called the “March for America.” One left-wing protester against that demonstration was arrested for arson, according to the Los Angeles Daily News, after burning an American flag.
Protests around the nation were similarly modest.
In the Bay Area, “tens of thousands” marched in various cities throughout the region, according to the San Jose Mercury News, which interviewed one man draped in a Mexican flag: “Who’s going to wash all these rich people’s cars when we’re not around? Who’s going to bus their tables?”
The only serious violence on the West Coast during May Day marches appeared to be in Portland, where some marchers attacked police with smoke bombs.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Correction: an earlier version of this post inadvertently substituted “Oakland” for “Portland.”



ARTICLE
“We’re very happy with it,” Trump said in an interview with Bloomberg News, pointing to the $1.5 billion for border security. “And I think it’s important that we keep moving along. I think both sides are happy.”
After an agreement was reached, Democrats crowed that they were able to save funding for Planned Parenthood and block funding for the wall, despite Trump’s campaign promises.
“In a defeat for President Trump,” House Minority Nancy Pelosi wrote in a letter to Democrats, adding that the agreement “does not fund the immoral and unwise border wall or create a cruel new deportation force.”
Trump admitted there were not any dramatic cuts, and that it still funded Planned Parenthood in the agreement, but seemed optimistic that he could fight those battles in the future.
“This is all coming due again in September, October, and we’re going to have another round of discussions,” he said.
Trump blamed Democrats for being “obstructionists” in the process, indicating he was not looking for a government shutdown showdown in the first months of his presidency.
“Look, the Democrats are obstructionists; that’s all they can do is obstruct. They have no leadership. And we have to agree, and I think both — both sides agree, we have to keep government going, we don’t want to shut government,” he said.



ARTICLE
After years of stalemate on Turkey’s bid to join the world’s biggest trading bloc, EU governments say the process is dead, citing Erdogan’s crackdown on dissidents, his ‘Nazi’ jibes at Germany and a referendum giving him sweeping new powers that a rights group says lack checks and balances.
“Everybody’s clear that, currently at least, Turkey is moving away from a European perspective,” European Commissioner Johannes Hahn, who oversees EU membership bids, told Reuters.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
In a conference call organized by The Israel Project, Ambassador Dennis Ross — who has worked on Middle East issues for numerous administrations since the Carter era and is now the William Davidson Distinguished Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy — said Abbas had been in the doldrums before being summoned by Trump.
Arab leaders, including King Abdullah of Jordan, President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi of Egypt and the heads of the Gulf states had all been marginalizing Abbas, Ross pointed out.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
The group will drop its long-standing call for Israel’s destruction as well as its association with the Muslim Brotherhood in a new policy document to be issued on Monday, Gulf Arab sources said.
However, the move, whether true or not, has been dismissed in Israel. “Hamas is attempting to fool the world but it will not succeed,” said David Keyes, a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
“Tomorrow, even as we celebrate, UNESCO will be voting against Israel’s right to sovereignty in its capital city, Jerusalem,” said Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely ahead of the vote which is slated to take place on the same day Israel marks its 69th Independence Day.
“This is absurd. We have become used to the concept of ‘fake news’. Well, welcome to ‘fake history,” Hotovely said. She spoke in English in a video addressed to the member states, particularly the 11 European Union members of the board.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Without providing specific figures, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg revealed on Sunday that the military alliance might boost its military presence in the war-devastated country.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump’s Pentagon is considering plans to send as many as 5,000 additional American troops to Afghanistan where the United States has been fighting the Taliban and its al-Qaeda allies for more than 15 years, since October 2001.
Although the United States military argues the U.S. war has hit a “stalemate,” Bill Roggio from the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies (FDD) recently told lawmakers America is “losing the ongoing conflict,” adding that al-Qaeda and the Taliban are growing stronger.
This year, American Gen. John Nicholson, the top commander of U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan, told Congress he was facing a “shortfall of a few thousand” troops in Afghanistan.
In light of the “challenging” security conditions in the country, NATO may increase its military footprint, NATO Chief Stoltenberg told German newspaper Welt am Sonntag.
NATO will likely make a decision on the troop increase and whether to lengthen deployment times by June, he added.
Last week, new reports surfaced saying the Pentagon is considering options to send between 3,000 and 5,000 American troops to advise the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) in their fight against the Taliban, al-Qaeda, and the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) in Afghanistan.
The ANDSF includes police and army units.
On Monday, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) noted that the ANDSF has suffered a staggering number of fatalities.
“Afghan losses have been the greatest of all: more than twice as many ANDSF members were killed in the single year of 2016 than U.S. forces in Afghanistan have lost since 2001,” notes SIGAR, a U.S. watchdog agency, adding:
Afghanistan remains in the grip of a deadly war. Casualties suffered by the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) in the fight against the Taliban and other insurgents continue to be shockingly high: 807 were killed in the first six weeks of this year. Likewise, civilian casualties in 2016 were the highest since the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan began reporting them in 2009.
Moreover, SIGAR points out that security incidents, primarily fueled by battles with the Taliban, have reached record levels, noting that most of the attacks continue to take place along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, home to strongholds held by the Taliban, al-Qaeda, and ISIS.
“Security incidents throughout 2016 and continuing into the first quarter of 2017 reached their highest level since UN reporting began in 2007,” reports the watchdog agency. “Armed clashes between the security forces and the Taliban comprised 63% of all security incidents in Afghanistan during that period and marked a 22% increase from the same period in 2015–2016.”
Citing the United Nations, it adds, “During the last year, half of all recorded security incidents continued to occur in the southern, southeastern, and eastern regions [along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border].”
The Afghan government controls about 60 percent of Afghanistan, insurgents (primarily the Taliban) 11 percent, and the remaining 29 percent are “contested,” reveals SIGAR.
President Donald Trump has inherited security chaos in Afghanistan — a stronger Taliban that controls more territory than at any time since the war started more than 15 years ago, an ISIS presence in a region already awash in jihadist groups, and historically high production and cultivation of opium and heroin.
The Taliban and likely other terrorist groups in the country use the lucrative profits from the opium business to fund their terrorist activities.



ARTICLE
Brown, who is currently on trial for corruption charges, spent $11,278 on “lodging” at a Marriott hotel in Bethesda, Maryland in September 2016 just one month after the election, the Washington Free Beacon reported.
The campaign also disclosed three “petty cash” transactions amounting to more than $2,000 over a two-week period between October 16 and November 4 in addition to the hotel expenditures.
The campaign also spent $185 on travel expenses in  Houston, Texas and Jacksonville, Florida.
Thousands of dollars were spent paying campaign vendors and other transactions a campaign is likely to make after an election loss.
Brown and her chief of staff, Elias “Ronnie” Simmons, were indicted in July 2016 on 24 counts of fraud after the former congresswoman created a fake foundation that only spent $1,200 on charitable causes out of the $800,000 deposited into the organization.
Brown’s Virginia-based foundation, One Door for Education, accepted thousands of dollars from registered lobbyists.
Federal authorities found that Brown, Simmons, and foundation president Carla Wiley spent $200,000 of foundation money on luxury vacations, NFL tickets, plane tickets, car repairs, and lavish events.
Wiley pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud in March 2016, and Simmons pleaded guilty to fraud in February 2017.
An FBI agent testified Wednesday against Brown, saying she took the money from her foundation and put into a joint bank account that she shared with her daughter.



ARTICLE
In its latest quarterly report to Congress, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) advises the GOP-led Congress and White House to implement a new counternarcotics strategy in Afghanistan, noting that the $8.5 billion U.S. effort to combat the opium and heroin trade has largely failed to prevent the country from continuing to be the world’s top producer of the illegal drugs.
“Despite a U.S. investment of $8.5 billion to counter Afghanistan’s illicit narcotics economy, the country remains the world’s largest opium producer and exporter—producing an estimated 80% of the world’s heroin,” notes John Sopko, the chief of SIGAR.
According to a list of suggestions for U.S. lawmakers and President Donald Trump’s administration found in the report, Inspector General (IG) Sopko advises:
Establish a counternarcotics strategy: A new U.S. government strategy to fight the narcotics trade in Afghanistan has been on hold for more than two years, and will need coordination with the host- country strategy approved by the Afghan parliament. Meanwhile, Afghanistan remains the world’s leading producer of opium, and Resolute Support and U.S. forces commander General John W. Nicholson Jr. estimates that the Taliban receive 60% of their funding from the opium trade.
Former President Barack Obama “postponed” approval of the strategy “until the new administration endorses the new strategy,” later adds Sopko.
The SIGAR report primarily covers the first quarter of the Trump administration — January 1 thru March 31.
Under Obama’s watch, eradication efforts dropped dramatically — by more than 90 percent in 2016.
Inspector General (IG) Sopko learned from the United Nations that “poppy eradication results in 2016 were the lowest this decade at 355 hectares [about 1 square mile]—a 91% decrease from 2015.”
The U.S. has only been able to interdict less than one percent of the opium that has been produced in Afghanistan since fiscal year 2008 (October 1, 2007, thru September 30, 2008), reports the IG, noting:
SIGAR has long tracked DOD [Department of Defense] and DEA reporting on the results of interdiction operations in Afghanistan… from 2008 through March 22, 2017, 3,371 interdiction operations have resulted in the seizure of 449,470 kg of opium.
However, this result was less than 1% of Afghanistan’s opium production. According to the December 2016 Opium Survey by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), Afghanistan’s potential opium production was approximately 4,800 metric tons (or 4.8 million kg) in 2016 alone.
The strongest and deadliest jihadist group in Afghanistan, the Taliban, is now able to generate most of its funding for terrorist activities from the illegal opium trade, Gen. John Nicholson, the top commander of American and NATO forces, told reporters last December.
Citing the Department of State’s Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL), SIGAR explains:
[A] symbiotic relationship exists between the insurgency and narcotics trafficking. Traffickers provide weapons, funding, and material support to the insurgency in exchange for protection, while insurgent leaders traffic drugs to finance their operations. Production and trafficking of illicit narcotics flourish in areas where Afghan state institutions are weak, although trafficking is not limited to insurgent- controlled areas. The narcotics trade also undermines governance and rule of law throughout Afghanistan.
Some experts, including Ioannis Koskinas of the New America think-tank, have argued that the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) branch in Afghanistan, made up of disgruntled Afghan and Pakistani Taliban fighters, may also be involved in the opium trade.
The estimated production and cultivation area in Nangarhar province, considered ISIS’s primary stronghold in Afghanistan, has increased since the terrorist group established a presence there at the beginning of 2015.
SIGAR also points out that U.S. taxpayer-funded projects to improve irrigation for Afghan farmers have facilitated “more opium-poppy cultivation and boost revenues for insurgents.”
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) said last week that the United States government has been able to eradicate Afghanistan’s opium crops for more than 20 years but has refused to do so.
Referring to America’s refusal to destroy the opium poppies after the 9/11 attacks that prompted the U.S. to invade Afghanistan, the GOP congressman said, “The excuse was always ‘Oh we think they might be too close to a mosque.’”
While U.S. interdiction and eradication efforts have nearly disappeared, the opium poppy cultivation area and estimated production reached record levels in 2016 — 776 square miles and 4.8 million kilograms, respectively.
Cultivation area and estimated production has skyrocketed more than 25-fold since the U.S. invaded Afghanistan near the end of 2001.



ARTICLE
After a year of declining sales, tumbling share prices, and a major slide in its brand name, Target announced that Cornell’s compensation is to recede by nearly one-third, falling to $11.3 million, Reuters reported on Monday.
The reason for the cut in pay is that Cornell’s compensation is based on an incentive program. Growth for the company means growth for his take home pay. On the other hand, with the company losing billions year over year, Cornell’s incentive plan has predictably come up short.
The Target chief’s pay is based on two financial points, the company’s incentive EBIT — which makes up 75 percent of his stock component — and adjusted sales. But both have been in the dumps since last year.
As Reuters reported, “Target said it missed its 2016 Incentive EBIT goal of $5.74 billion by $623 million and fell short of its adjusted sales target of $71.62 billion by $2.13 billion.”
Financial advisor Paul McConnell insisted that the cut in Cornell’s pay was good to see. “You shouldn’t be getting rich when you are producing rotten numbers,” McConnell told Reuters.
Indeed, Target’s stock has fallen to lows not seen since 2014, the same year Cornell was hired, and is now down 10 percent, even over the price a year ago.
As of the end of trading on Monday, Target’s stock was at $55.77 a share, down from its last high of just over $87 early in 2016. The fall has continued since its sharp tumble in March of this year when the stock lost 12.2 percent in one day. And the company’s stock had already lost 24 percent over the previous three months at that time.
Despite major losses over the last year, Target has continued to claim it is doing just fine and that its plans for the future will bring it back from the ledge.
But the company has experienced much turmoil since early in 2016 when it announced a new policy of allowing men posing as women to be allowed to choose any bathroom or changing room they feel like using at any given time. It was an announcement that triggered a massive boycott petition, the #BoycottTarget petition organized by the American Family Association, which gained the support of over a million would-be Target customers in less than a month.
Target has also seen four quarters of sales declines in a row and has a loss of over $15 billion year over year. And since April of last year, the company’s brand name has also taken a drubbing. The fall was bad enough that many investment advisers downgraded Target to a “strong sell” even as its falling price might seem to make it an attractive buy.
By this April, Target’s CEO was reported as having opposed his own company’s transgender announcement, saying it “frustrated” him that his diversity department made such a fuss over the decision and that they didn’t clear the announcement with him first. Cornell thought the whole situation was mishandled and caused a massive backlash against the company. Insiders say he ultimately backed the policy but felt “stuck” with it.
Finally, only two weeks ago, Target fired yet another top executive as the company struggles to rebuild from the deficits.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
The range of disapproval varies from the Fox News Poll, which shows a three percent margin for disapproval (48 percent to 45 percent), to the CBS News Poll and the Reuters/Ipsos Poll, which both show a 12 percent margin for disapproval (53 percent to 41 percent).
These are many of the same pollsters who predicted Hillary Clinton would easily win an electoral college victory over Trump in November.
Democratic pollster Doug Schoen is skeptical of the latest polling results, and for good reason.
“One hundred days into President Trump’s administration, it is becoming evident that when considering his base, the president has been more successful than many would like to give him credit for,” Schoen wrote on Saturday:
President Trump has accomplished many of the campaign promises he ran on in 2016, and is currently enjoying an 84 percent approval rating among Republicans in the latest Washington Post/ABC News poll. More importantly, a full 98 percent of people who voted for him in November say that they are happy with their decision.
Maintaining this level of loyal Republican support has been critical to the president’s success as his approval rating among all Americans, including Democratic voters, hovers between 40 and 50 percent.
Democrats and mainstream media pundits appear to be making the same sorts of errors they did when they analyzed the polls leading up to the November election.
The pre-election polls were in general accurate in their estimates of the national vote totals. The final Real Clear Politics average of polls gave Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton a 2.1 percent national vote advantage over Trump. On election day, Clinton won 48.2 percent of the vote, while Trump won 46.1 percent, giving her a 2.1 percent advantage. (The final vote count, according to the Cook Political Report’s compilation of the certified results from all 50 states plus the District of Columbia, was 65.8 million for Clinton and 62.9 million for Trump.)
But the President is elected based upon electoral college results at the state level, not by the national vote total, and that is where most who predicted a Hillary Clinton landslide missed so badly.
Real Clear Politics, for instance, predicted a 272 to 266 electoral college victory for Hillary Clinton when no states were left as “toss-ups.”
Larry Sabato, the dean of mainstream media electoral pundits, predicted a 322 to 216 electoral college landslide victory for Clinton over Trump at the University of Virginia Center for Politics Sabato’s Crystal Ball twenty-four hours before the election results were known.
Clinton’s 2.9 million total national vote margin was driven by a 4.3 million vote surplus in California, where she defeated Trump by a 61 percent to 31 percent margin.
While she won California’s 55 electoral college votes, her 4.3 million vote surplus there added no more electoral college votes to her final electoral college tally than would have a victory with a margin of a single vote.
Trump easily won the electoral college vote, winning in 30 states that had a total of 306 electoral college votes, while Clinton won only 20 states that had a total of 232 electoral college votes. (Due to seven “faithless electors,” Trump ended up winning with 304 electoral college votes to 227 electoral college votes for Clinton.)
The pundits missed the intensity of support for Trump in several swing states that he ended up winning: Pennsylvania, Florida, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Ohio.
There is no indication that those voters have abandoned Trump 100 days into his new administration. If the enthusiastic public rally he held over the weekend in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania is any indication, Trump’s base of support appears to be as strong as ever.
According to the Berkeley-IGS Poll of Californians conducted between March 13 and March 20, California voters disapprove of President Trump’s job performance by a 61 percent to 39 percent margin.
President Trump appears to be no more popular in California 100 days into his administration than he was on election day. But as long as his base remains loyal, Trump’s lack of support in California is largely irrelevant to the success of his presidency.



ARTICLE
The plan was released just after midnight by the House Rules Committee that would fund the government through September.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), for example, would actually see increases in some of those programs, even if overall its budget would be reduced by 1.5 percent.
NOAA’s National Ocean Service — which states its mission “is to provide science-based solutions through collaborative partnerships to address evolving economic, environmental, and social pressures on our ocean and coasts” — would get $517.4 million, or $17.3 million more than its current funding.
The Oceanic and Atmospheric Research Office, which includes research directed at climate change, gets a $15.8 million increase. Climate specific research would get $158 million.
“Congress appears to have largely ignored President Trump’s calls to eliminate key programs at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, releasing a bipartisan spending deal today that funds climate, coastal and Great Lakes research,” E&E News reported on Monday.
Trump had asked specifically for a cut of $30 million to the National Sea Grant Service, with its complete elimination in fiscal year 2018, but Congress continues to fully fund it in this proposed budget at $65 million.
Trump’s “America First” budget blueprint “Zeroes out over $250 million in targeted National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) grants and programs supporting coastal and marine management, research, and education including Sea Grant, which primarily benefits industry and State and local stakeholders. These programs are a lower priority than core functions maintained in the Budget such as surveys, charting, and fisheries management.”
And, ironically, Trump’s budget plan asked for a $1 billion investment in the National Weather Service, which would, under Congress’s plan, see $9 million less in funding.
Both Trump and former President Barack Obama tried to eliminate the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund, but this budget fully funds it at $65 million, Greenwire reported.



ARTICLE
The address, given to honor the winners of the Small Business Administration’s annual awards, gave the vice president an opportunity to tout the young Trump White House’s record on business matters. Mike Pence congratulated Garrett Marrero and Melanie Oxley, proprietors of the Maui Brewing Company on winning “small business people of the year,” before moving on to the Trump administration’s accomplishments. “We’re in the promise-keeping business,” Pence told the crowd.
In the first 100 days, Pence said that Trump “picked a world-class cabinet filled with business leaders who know what it takes to succeed in a competitive marketplace.”
“President Trump has already signed more bills cutting job-killing regulations than any president in American history already,” Pence said, highlighting the more than a dozen pieces legislation taking advantage of the Congressional Review Act to reign in regulations issued by the administrative state.
He also pointed to President Trump’s executive order demanding agencies seek to remove two regulations for each new one they seek. He also touted the long-delayed approval of the Keystone XL pipeline and the role it will play in delivering cheap energy to American business. “No matter where you look, President Trump has taken decisive action to get government out of the way so you can do more, create more, innovate more, and grow more jobs,” Pence said.
Pence was bullish on progress so far, pointing to 500,000 new jobs created so far in calendar-year 2017, which he characterized as “driven by small business.”
“Folks he’s just getting started,” Pence said of his boss President Trump, turning to the administration’s agenda going forward.
“We’re gonna pass the largest tax cut in American history. We’re going to cut taxes across the board for working families, small businesses, and family farms,” Pence boasted, “We’re gonna repeal and replace Obamacare and we’re going to give the American people the kind of world class health care they deserve.”
The latter promise has, so far, proven more difficult to bring to fruition than the administration had hoped. Repeated false starts and delays have plagued Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s attempts to get the necessary consensus from his caucus.
Pence reiterated his commitment to crossing health care off the administration’s checklist. “I’m headed to Capitol Hill right after I leave you,” he promised, continuing:
It was about a month ago Congress wasn’t quite ready to take that first step to repeal and replace that disastrous policy. But the president remains confident that, with your strong support, and maybe you could talk to a member of Congress before you leave town, that we’ll get a fresh start on health care in America … I want to promise you. Working with the leadership of the House and the Senate, President Trump is going to make sure that these majorities and this nation’s capitol keep our promise to the American people. We’re going to repeal Obamacare and we’re going to give the American people the ability to purchase health insurance that they want and not what the government dictates and mandates.
Also notable was Pence’s lavish praise for now-official White House adviser Ivanka Trump. He called the First Daughter a “Great Leader” and a “Champion for Small Business,” comparing her upbringing in the Trump Organization to his own experience working as an attendant in his father’s Indiana gas station.
More broadly, the vice president praised the vital role small business owners play in the American economy. “Every single one of you is a profile in courage. Every single one of you took a risk when you set up shop,” he said. “When small business is strong, America is strong.”



ARTICLE
“I think President Obama, like many others in both parties, talk about a set of big national statistics that look shiny and great but increasingly have giant blind spots,” Warren told the Guardian. “That GDP, unemployment, no longer reflect the lived experiences of most Americans.”
“And the lived experiences of most Americans is that they are being left behind in this economy. Worse than being left behind, they’re getting kicked in the teeth,” she added.
Obama claimed that by the end of his presidency, he grew the economy 11.5 percent more than at its highest point before the 2007-2008 financial crisis. He cited statistics that show the economy generated 15 million new jobs over a period of 75 consecutive months, with the national unemployment rate falling to 4.7 percent.
Warren also took aim at other Democrats within her party, calling them hypocrites for aligning themselves with the wealthy.
“I think there are real differences between the Republicans and the Democrats here in the United States,” Warren said. “The Republicans have clearly thrown their lot in with the rich and the powerful, but so have a lot of Democrats.”
Warren criticized Obama last week on Sirius XM’s “Alter Family Politics” when she was asked about Obama’s paid speech to Wall Street bank Cantor Fitzgerald.
“I was troubled by that,” Warren said.



ARTICLE
Sandy Phan-Gillis was arrested in March 2015 after visiting China with a trade delegation on behalf of the oil industry in her hometown of Houston, Texas. She was released just days after being sentenced to three and a half years in prison for espionage, stealing state secrets, and passing intelligence to a third party.
“We are aware that Chinese authorities deported Ms. Phan-Gillis back to the United States,” a State Department official said. “The United States welcomes her home.”
Dui Hua, a San Francisco-based human rights group who had been working on Phan-Gillis’ case, said she was reunited with her family in Los Angeles.
On the one-year anniversary of her detention, Phan-Gillis had still not been charged with any crime.
Newsweek reported at the time that Phan-Gillis had “been in and out of China dozens of times over the years,” leading “powerful business delegations from her hometown of Houston to Shenzhen, China’s Silicon Valley.”
Phan-Gillis disappeared after excusing herself from dinner on the last night of a business trip to meet with a friend. She called her husband and friends to tell them her stay in China had been extended, with Mr. Gillis describing his wife’s voice as sounding “strained” during their last call.
The U.S. Consulate did not establish that Phan-Gillis had been detained by the Chinese communist government, and it took months more to learn why they were holding her.
Phan-Gillis’ return to the U.S. comes just three weeks after Chinese President Xi Jinping met with President Donald Trump at his Florida estate. Since their first face-to-face and very cordial meeting, the two leaders “have been in constant touch with each other,” Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said on Friday.
The human rights group Dui Hua said negotiations to secure the release of Phan-Gillis ramped up during U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s visit to Beijing in March.
“Tillerson’s State Department was assisted by the White House in bringing the negotiations to a successful conclusion,” the human rights group said.
The United Nation’s Working Group on Arbitrary Detention had criticized China’s handling of the case of Phan-Gillis, who was born in Vietnam and escaped that country as part of the exodus in the late 1970s of the “boat people” who were fleeing the communist government.



ARTICLE
Two men, ages 59 and 62, were robbed in their St. Albans, Queens home by three men April 23, WPIX reported.
The 59-year-old victim was carrying groceries into his basement apartment at 116th Road by Farmers Blvd. in St. Albans around 1:30 p.m., when he found a stranger in the room.
The man took out a pair of gloves, while the victim asked him what he was doing there and if he was looking for another man who lives in the house, police sources said.
A second man with a firearm then appeared and forced the victim into the apartment at gunpoint, demanding “money and dope,” the New York Daily News reported.
One of the men took the victim’s cell phone and started tying him up, but the victim broke free and managed to take his attacker’s gun, police sources said.
Police said while the 59-year-old victim was trying to escape, one of the robbers slashed his face, hands, and thumb with a meat cleaver.
The victim ran upstairs, where he was confronted by the third robber, who was wielding knives, before he escaped from the home and flagged down a neighbor who called 911.
The 62-year-old neighbor’s apartment was also broken into, but he was able to escape without any apparent injuries, CBS New York reported.
The robbers then fled the house.
The 59-year-old victim was taken to a hospital, where he received 100 stitches to his face and hands and had his thumb re-attached.
The suspects are still at large.



ARTICLE
Jones estimates he has taught over 5,000 people across Oklahoma.
According to Fox News, the course Jones teaches “takes eight hours and includes lectures that cover handling a weapon, Oklahoma laws regarding gun ownership, and shooting in self-defense.” The course also includes “practice at the instructor’s private range and a 15-question exam.”
When asked about the often-state Christian maxim of turning the other cheek, Jones intimated that Christians are called to turn the other cheek if attacked while preaching the gospel. However,  a Christian is not called to turn the other cheek when their loved ones’ lives are in jeopardy or even when their own lives are exposed to peril via a home invader, public attacker, or murderer. In that situation, a Christian’s duty is to fight to defend life.
Jones put it this way: “We will turn the other cheek. I’m the least likely guy to pull out a gun in a fight. But we will not turn the other cheek if you’re going to assault my family or cut off my head in the process.”
He points to two examples from Oklahoma, one in which a woman was mauled to death by two dogs and another in which a woman was stabbed to death at work by a former employee. He asked, “[What] if they’d had a legal gun and been trained to use it?”  And referencing the woman who was stabbed, Jones said, “Can you imagine what went through her mind the last few minutes of her life?”
Jones wants Christians to understand that defenseless is not a virtue.
In the understatement of the decade, the “About” section on the RoyJonesConcealedCarry Facebook page says, “Roy offers concealed carry handgun certification classes. These classes are not your typical gun class.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The statement came after it became clear Monday that the House budget resolution passed by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and his Republican majority included language allowing the Secretary of Homeland Security to potentially increase the number of foreign workers allowed into the United States through the H-2B visa program.
In the resolution as written, the Secretary of Homeland Security may increase the number of admitted temporary workers “upon the determination that the needs of American businesses cannot be satisfied in fiscal year 2017 with United States workers who are willing, qualified, and able to perform temporary nonagricultural labor[.]”
Thi phrasing might allow a near tripling of the participants in the program for seasonal non-agricultural workers. The Center for Immigration Studies’ Mark Krikorian tweeted that the law as written “makes a mockery of the law’s numerical ‘limits’.”
The bipartisan Senate Judiciary leaders criticized the way in which the potential change was made, ceding congressional immigration oversight to the executive branch without debate on the potential outcome:
The Constitution clearly provides that Congress shall determine the nation’s immigration policy, and the Senate places such policy squarely in the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee.  This move by leadership and appropriators cedes portions of this authority to the Executive Branch without a public debate by the committee of jurisdiction for the policy.
Grassley and Feinstein called for the House leadership to take the language out of the bill and allow debate on the wisdom of the change, saying, “We understand the needs of employers who rely on seasonal H-2B workers if the American workforce can’t meet the demand, but we are also aware of the potential side effects of flooding the labor force with more temporary foreign workers, including depressed wages for all workers in seasonal jobs. The bottom line is that this issue deserves more thoughtful consideration. Appropriators should remove this provision and give the Judiciary Committee time to properly consider and debate this change to our nation’s immigration laws.”



ARTICLE
Grassley, in a letter dated April 28, said there were inconsistencies in what the FBI told him on March 15 during a briefing about its relationship with former British spy Christopher Steele, and Department of Justice documents provided to him after the briefing about the relationship.
Grassley suggested the FBI could be trying to downplay “the actual extent” of its relationship with Steele, which he first requested information about in a March 6 letter.
“Whether those inconsistencies were honest mistakes or an attempt to downplay the actual extent of the FBI’s relationship with Mr. Steele, it is essential that the FBI fully answer all of the questions from the March 6 letter and provide all the requested documents in order to resolve these and related issues,” he wrote.
The Washington Post on February 28 reported that the FBI “a few weeks before the election” had agreed to pay Steele to investigate Trump. At the time, the FBI was aware that Steele had gathered information while working for a Washington research firm hired by supporters of Hillary Clinton, according to the Post‘s story.
That research produced an unsubstantiated dossier, which is seen as not credible by intelligence experts, since Steele paid intermediaries to talk to former Russian intelligence officers. Nonetheless, that dossier was used by the FBI to obtain a warrant to spy on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page, and as a “roadmap” for its investigation of Trump and his campaign on whether they colluded with Russia.
Grassley said the FBI’s relationship with Steele raises questions about its independence from politics.
“The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for president in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI’s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration’s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends,” Grassley wrote in a letter to Comey on March 28, according to the Washington Examiner.
Comey is scheduled to appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee this Wednesday.
Grassley is also requesting more information on the company that hired Steele and oversaw the creation of the dossier, Fusion GPS.
He said in the April 28 letter that the company is “subject of a complaint to the Justice Department” that alleges the company violated the Foreign Agents Registration Act by working on behalf of Russian principals to undermine U.S. sanctions against Russians.
“That unregistered work was reportedly conducted with a former Russian intelligence operative, Mr. Rinat Akhmetshin, and appears to have been occurring simultaneous to Fusion GPS’s work overseeing the creation of the dossier,” he wrote.
Grassley is now requesting answers to his March 6 letter, as well as to the following questions listed in his new letter:
1. Documentation of all payments made to Mr. Steele, including for travel expenses, if any; the date of any such payments; the amount of such payments; the authorization for such payments.
2. When the FBI was in contact with Mr. Steele or otherwise relying on information in the dossier, was it aware that his employer, Fusion GPS, was allegedly simultaneously working as an unregistered agent for Russian interests? Please provide all related documents.
3. If so, when and how did FBI become aware of this information? Did it include this information about Fusion GPS’s alleged work for Russian principals in any documents describing or relying on information from the dossier? If not, why not?
4. If the FBI was previously unaware of Fusion GPS’s alleged unregistered activity on behalf of Russian interests and connections with a former Russian intelligence operative, does the FBI plan to amend any applications, reports, or other documents it has created that describe or rely on the information in the dossier to add this information? If so, please provide copies of all amended documents. If not, why not?
Grassley is requesting the answers and all documentation by May 12.
“I hope that this matter can be resolved without additional holds on nominees. These are important issues that require public transparency,” he said in the letter.



ARTICLE
“I hope they leave their bodies to science,” Warren said while discussing the GOP’s efforts to either repeal Obamacare or reform the troubled health care act at a venue known as The Music Box Theatre. “I would like to cut them open.”



ARTICLE
The number of homicides in Baltimore has skyrocketed, with the total number of murders reaching 100 before the end of April for the first time in 20 years, prompting the mayor to ask the FBI for more help, CNN reported.
In 2014, it took until July 4 for Baltimore to reach 100 murders in a year, according to the Baltimore Sun.
“I’m calling on all the assistance we can possibly get because I can’t imagine going into our summer months with our crime rate where it is today, what that’s going to look like by the end of the summer,” Mayor Catherine Pugh said.
“Murder is out of control,” she added.
Pugh met with the special agent in charge of the FBI’s Baltimore division and other officials to discuss how federal law enforcement officials can help city police with personnel and technical expertise, but did not provide specifics on the meeting, WJZ reported.
Anthony McCarthy, Pugh’s press secretary, told WBFF the mayor plans to make an announcement sometime next week about when or if the FBI will expand their presence in Baltimore.
The violent crime is only expected to get worse as warmer weather approaches.
In 2016, Baltimore experienced the highest number of murders in July, with 36 homicides on record.
The shrinking of the city’s police force has also contributed to the spike in crime.
The number of officers in the city’s police force has reportedly reached its lowest level since the year 2000, and the force is struggling to bring in new officers.
“You get in a crisis mode like we’re in right now with crime out of control and not enough uniformed officers on the street,  I would say it’s at a crisis point,” said Baltimore police union head Lt. Gene Ryan.



ARTICLE
A new interim rule will suspend requirements for sodium reduction and whole grains during the 2017-2018 school year. Additionally, 1-percent flavored milk will be permitted again in school cafeterias.
“I wouldn’t be as big as I am today without flavored milk,” Perdue said in remarks, according to ABC News.
“School Nutrition Association [SNA] is appreciative of Secretary Perdue’s support of school meal programs in providing flexibility to prepare and serve healthy meals that are appealing to students,” said SNA CEO Patricia Montague, CAE in a statement. “School nutrition professionals are committed to the students they serve and will continue working with USDA and the Secretary to strengthen and protect school meal programs,”
The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, a 2010 law that was part of Michelle Obama’s “Let’s Move!” initiative, was met with intense controversy in school districts. Many students disliked the lunches, leading to significant amounts of food being discarded.
“If kids aren’t eating the food, and it’s ending up in the trash, they aren’t getting any nutrition — thus undermining the intent of the program,” said Perdue, a former governor of Georgia.
A study published in September of 2015 by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that participation in First Lady Michelle Obama’s school lunch program had dropped by 1.4 million children, from 62 percent to 58 percent, from school year 2010-2011 through the 2013-2014 academic year.
SNA and the School Superintendents Association (AASA) said the “overly prescriptive regulatory requirements” of Michelle Obama’s school lunch program have led to school districts being “forced to financially subsidize meals at the expense of educational programs.”
The organizations indicated that school meal regulations added 10 cents to the cost of every lunch and 27 cents to every breakfast, requiring local school districts to absorb $1.2 billion in additional costs in 2015 alone.
“To meet the rules, schools were provided only 6 additional cents for lunch, and while every breakfast must include an extra serving of fruit, schools were given no additional funds,” the groups said.
GAO observed that school fundraisers are failing as well since outside, “competitive” food is also subject to the rules of the former first lady’s meal program.
Perdue, however, denied his department is reducing nutritional standards.
“We’re not winding back any standards at all,” Perdue said. “We are just slowing down the process.”
“I applaud former first lady Michelle Obama for addressing those obesity problems in the past,” he said.
In fiscal year 2015, school food requirements cost school districts and states an additional $1.22 billion.



ARTICLE
“So we are gonna give out these awards and they’re cash awards,” Bob Woodward says, sounding like a grubby politician making some kind of dirty deal in a darkly lit motel room. “But I understand that the cash is redeemable for shares in Amazon — which may be a better investment.”
“But I understand that the cash is redeemable for shares in Amazon — which may be a better investment.”
That would be the same Amazon that was founded by Jeff Bezos, who now owns The Washington Post and employs Mr. Woodward.
Not sure which is worse: That the self-described “great-grandfather of American journalism” would stoop to hawking his boss’s financial interests on national television or that he did it in a roomful of journalists and no one jumped on the story.
Can you imagine what these hyenas would have done if President Trump had made such a comment? And aren’t there supposed to be strict federal laws about this kind of thing? And also, how much Amazon stock has Mr. Bezos given to Mr. Woodward?
But in this world of Forever Watergate, Mr. Woodward is to never be questioned.
Which is, perhaps, why he gets away with talking like Lennie in “Of Mice and Men.”
“I NEV-VER GOT MY TWEN-TEE DOL-LARS. THE POINT: AG-GRES-SIVE RE-PORT-ING IS OF-TEN NEC-ES-SAR-EE,” he says in slow, halting, deliberate speech.
“THE IN-DIS-PEN-SI-BLE CEN-TRAL-IT-EE OF FACT BASED RE-PORT-ING IS CARE-FUL SCRU-PU-LOUS LIS-TEN-ING AND AN OP-EN MIND.”
For the uninitiated, listening to Bob Woodward talk makes your head hurt. But there was no danger of that since nobody was listening to him. They were all tuned into Mr. Trump’s fiery speech in Pennsylvania.
Mr. Woodward’s stunning cash grab came after two lengthy lectures about how great the press is.
“We’re reporters, not judges, not legislators,backwards” said Carl Bernstein, who is the Arty Garfunkel of Woodward and Bernstein. Eclipsed, not quite as revered. Maybe a little pissed how things turned out.
But here in Forever Watergate, he is still a rock star.
“What the government or citizens or judges do with the information we’ve developed is not our part of the process nor our objective,” he said. “Our job is to put the best obtainable version of the truth out there. Period.”
Then he added: “Especially now.” To roaring cheers.
In other words: Never Trump!
After Mr. Bernstein’s lecture, he turned the lectern over to Mr. Woodward for another lecture — which concluded with his amazing Amazon stock sales pitch.
“Any president and his administration in Washington is clearly entitled to the most serious reporting efforts possible,” Mr. Woodward said.
“Reporters should display modesty and humility, bend backward and sincerely not only to be fair but to demonstrate to people we cover that we intend and will be fair.”
In other words, avoid even the appearance of doing anything underhanded or dishonest, such as peddling stock in the company that made your boss a bazillionaire.
Perhaps feeling a little heat, Mr. Woodward also lectured Mr. Trump: “Mr. President, the media is not fake news!”
That was the point at which the gathered luminaries — charitably known as “Hollywood for Ugly People” — applauded most lustily and had to dab tears from their own heroic eyes.
But even Mr. Woodward had to note that the press is not very popular these days — less popular than even Congress.
This, he said, only proves how really awesome the press actually is.
“This is no time for self-satisfaction or smugness,” he said before quoting an old editor of his. “The more aggressive our search for truth, the more some people are offended by the press.”
Barf.
At least now we now know how Jeff Bezos has become the second richest man on the planet.
• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.



ARTICLE
As Reno notes, the old Reagan Republican orthodoxy was focused on “small government, an internationalist foreign policy, free trade, and moral and religious conservatism.” That orthodoxy defined the establishment agenda of Republican politicians, conservative columnists, and Beltway think tanks for decades. But the rise of Trump has “revolutionized” the Republican Party and changed “the very terms of the American political divide.”
From Reno’s New York Times op-ed:
[A]s Mr. Trump recognized, the new schism in American life is not about big versus small government, or more or less regulation. It is about immigration, free trade and the broad and deep impacts of globalization on America’s economy and culture. “Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo,” he told the Republican National Convention.
It is obvious to all but the most blinkered Republicans that with or without Mr. Trump, the Reagan era is over. The conservative-donor and think-tank consensus has been exploded. The next smart, ambitious young Republican politician with national aspirations will not adopt Ted Cruz’s strategy of trying to revive the rotting flesh of Reaganism. He will read out of Mr. Trump’s playbook, attacking globalism rather than big government. And he’ll win, because he’ll be talking about what worries voters.
…
Over time, however, that iteration of Republican conservatism became less salient, in large part because it won. In 1989 we saw the fall of the Berlin Wall. Soon after, Bill Clinton declared that the era of big government was over. Barack Obama bailed out Wall Street, promoted the further extension of free trade and was a cheerleader for Silicon Valley billionaires. By 2016, only a thoroughly catechized conservative believed Democrats were strangling economic freedom. Democrats have also assumed a large piece of the libertarian mantle, especially when it comes to sexuality and drugs.
…
Mr. Trump’s shocking success at the polls has done our country a service. Scholars may tut-tut about the historical connotations of “America First,” but the basic sentiment needs to be endorsed. Our country has dissolved to a far greater degree than those cloistered on the coasts allow themselves to realize. The once vast and unifying middle class has eroded over the last generation. Today we are increasingly divided into winners and losers. This division involves more than divergent economic prospects and income inequality. Globalism is an ideology of winners who stand astride our society as it is being remade by dramatic economic, demographic and cultural changes.
Read the rest here. 



ARTICLE
Quist debated Republican nominee Greg Gianforte and Libertarian Mark Wicks for Montana’s U.S. House at-large seat to replace Ryan Zinke, the interior secretary. Montana’s at-large district will hold their special election on May 25th.
The Democrat nominee was criticized for performing many times at a nudist resort in Idaho. National Republican Congressional Committee spokesman Jack Pandol said in an email, “The more Rob Quist’s past is laid bare, the more his claim to represent Montana values is exposed as another charade. When all is stripped away, this washed-up hippie is just a naked embarrassment to the voters he’s running to represent.”
Quist, a musician, attacked his Republican opponent for being out of touch with the average Montanan, lamenting that there are enough millionaires in Congress. He explained, “We don’t have representation for every-day Montanans that work. I really feel like there are enough millionaires in Congress. Do we really need to send one more? There are over 300 millionaires in Congress. We need someone who can represent the people of Montana.”
Gianforte replied that he favors prosperity for all and that there should be more engineers rather than lawyers in Congress. He explained, “This pejorative of a millionaire? Again, I’ve been clear: I’m in favor of prosperity. I’m an electrical engineer. Honestly, I think we have too many lawyers in Washington. Maybe we need some more engineers. They’re trained to solve problems and we can actually do math, which is a desperately needed skill back there.”
The Republican nominee answered a question about climate change and the Clean Power Plan saying, “Everyone believes that the climate is changing.” However, he added, “Using EPA’s data calculated by the Cato Institute; they said if we shut down every coal-fired plant in North America our environment would be two-hundredths of a degree cooler a hundred years from now…for that we are willing to give up 7,000 jobs in Montana and $1.5 billion in annual revenue? That’s not a smart business decision.”
Quist responded to Gianforte. Rather than refuting the Republican nominee’s argument, he encouraged climate skeptics to consider ending their lives. He said, “To me this a cumulative thing, you cannot just say closing one plant or not is going to make a difference. This is something that the entire world needs to address and you know what, if any of you that feel like this is not a problem, I challenge you to go into your car in your garage, start your car and see what happens there.”
Watch the entire debate here.



ARTICLE
That’s a bit of a trick question because the left still plans to seize more power and money by recapturing Congress and the White House. They’ll never stop attacking the legitimacy of the Trump administration. The only lingering mystery is why so many Republicans think they can counter this strategy by appeasing Democrats. 
At a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars in other people’s money, Republicans purchase a couple of sound bites that allow them to claim they aren’t heartless monsters because they funded every left-wing priority, from “sanctuary cities” to Planned Parenthood. 
In reality, these capitulations don’t win Republicans anything. Democrats will still depict them as tightwads on welfare spending, reactionaries on social policy, and footmen to the evil rich. As soon as the Republican “leaders” who meekly funded 100 percent of the Democrat agenda for 2017 object to 20, 30, or 50 percent increases in that agenda, they will be denounced as greedy pigs who want poor people to die. 
We won’t even have to wait that long because Democrats are already cranking up the class-warfare machine to defeat Trump’s tax reform proposals. How can any GOP leader be dense enough to think that caving to the Democrats on spending will secure their cooperation, or even slightly mute their objections, for dramatic pro-growth tax reform? 
Indeed, the flabby bulk of these trillion-dollar spending deals will be used as an argument against tax cuts. How can Republicans propose cutting taxes after they just agreed to finance the entire Democrat wish list? Tax cuts are the one thing we’re told we can never, ever “afford.”
The GOP appears to have given up on even the minimal fiscal responsibility of serious budgeting. From here on in, we’ll have nothing but bloated omnibus spending bills, crammed with pork and passed in a feverish haze of shutdown panic. You’d risk shutting down the government for cuts to Planned Parenthood, green energy programs, or the EPA? You maniac!
You can vote for Trump presidencies all you want, peons, but the GOP leadership has conceded that Democrats hold the ultimate budgetary trump card. It’s an article of Republican faith that they will lose any and all budget battles, no matter the size of the GOP majority, because in the final hours Democrats will simply shrug and say, “Give us what we want, or we’ll shut the government down and you’ll be blamed for it.” 
The Democrats are so confident of their eternal whip hand in budget disputes that they openly threatened to shut the government down if their demands were not granted this time around, without bothering to conceal the threat at all. They know Republicans believe they will be held responsible for any such crisis. It doesn’t matter how many red-ink-stained Democrat fingers are on the shutdown. It wouldn’t matter if Democrat senators and representatives were caught on video running around Washington and pulling the plugs out of government computers. Terrified Republican leaders are convinced the media will never, ever frame the crisis as “Democrats Shut Down Federal Government to Protect Illegal Alien Criminals.”
The GOP Establishment just emerged from a presidential primary in which Donald Trump bulldozed a huge field of top-shelf Republican contenders, in no small part because the public was furious with Republican inability to make progress on a conservative agenda despite holding both House and Senate. They seem to have learned nothing from the experience. 
The GOP promised that if voters gave them the Senate in 2014 – an outcome deemed extremely unlikely going into the election cycle – they would march over former Majority Leader Harry Reid’s political grave and get things done at last. 
That didn’t happen. We were told the power of President Obama’s veto pen was unbeatable. But Obama didn’t even have to use that pen, because the revolutionary new GOP Congress immediately set about giving the Democrat minority near-total control over the budget. The first item on the Republican leadership agenda in 2015 was sidelining every young Republican representative who took all that balanced-budget limited-government stuff seriously. By the end of the year, Democrats were crowing that House Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies “gave away the store.”
It’s funny how having a Republican president doesn’t slow down Democrat budget priorities a bit, isn’t it? In 2009, Republicans said they were helpless without congressional majorities. In 2010 they won the House, but said they were helpless without the Senate. Then they took the Senate, but said they were helpless without the White House. Democrats today are basically where Republicans were in 2009… but they’re not helpless at all. They’re still writing the budget and treating the GOP leadership like Harry Potter’s house elves. Paul Ryan can only hope that one day Nancy Pelosi will mistakenly give him a sock and set him free.
The winter of Republican triumph in 2014 gave us the horror of the “cromnibus” bill – a complete surrender to the losers of the midterm election. Democrats effectively wrote the first budget after the big GOP midterm triumph. After listing all of the Republican capitulations, including legislative tricks that made it easier for President Obama to shoot down every Republican idea he didn’t like, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) wrote in December 2015 that the only bright spot he could see were “significant” steps toward “repealing Obamacare and defunding Planned Parenthood.” How significant do those steps look in retrospect?
Angry and disappointed Republican voters sent an unmistakable message by turning to Trump in the GOP primary, even though every Establishment official and well-connected pundit assured them nominating Trump was tantamount to throwing the 2016 election away. The stunning upset of the 2014 midterm was surpassed by the even more stunning election of President Donald Trump in 2016. One hundred days in, the leaders of both party establishments and 90 percent of the punditocracy are still walking around like they use tasers on their temples in the shower every morning.
And the result of all those shocking upsets is… this? A budget bill Barack Obama would cheerfully have signed, assuming he didn’t think he could squeeze a few billion more out of Republicans at the eleventh hour? Voters keep giving the GOP astounding election victories, and they keep responding with the same budget, over and over again.
Nearly everything Trump proposed cutting is funded in full – in many cases with substantial increases? $1.5 billion for border security, but not a nickel for the border wall – the single most concrete, unambiguous promise Trump made, both before and after the election? We were given endless excuses why the congressional “power of the purse” could not be used to thwart Obama’s agenda, but apparently, the Democrat minority can use it to thwart Trump’s with ease.
The big achievement touted by the White House and congressional leaders is increased military spending. “We have boosted resources for our defense needs without corresponding increases in non-defense spending,” Speaker Ryan proclaimed.
Those defense spending increases might be vitally needed, but what Ryan is saying here violates everything he previously stated about the need for fiscal discipline. The only enduring accomplishment of the Budget Control Act of 2011 was modestly restricting federal spending by menacing Republicans with military cuts and Democrats with domestic spending cuts – an Obama idea that was supposed to terrorize Republicans out of insisting on fiscal discipline at all. 
Here we are in 2017, and the big “achievement” is that Democrats agreed to let Republicans spend more on the military, while Republicans gave Democrats everything they wanted on domestic spending. Republicans ended up right where Obama wanted them to be all along.
The message sent by this budget betrayal is that elections don’t really matter all that much. The special interests that demand lavish funding from taxpayers will not be denied. Most of the matters we have heated political arguments over are actually beyond debate – the left will be funded no matter how you vote. What’s the point of entering the arena of ideas, to do the hard work of arguing against the abortion lobby, when Planned Parenthood gets its bulging sack of taxpayer cash from a Republican House, Senate, and White House?
Do Republicans have the faintest clue how hollow and insincere their rhetoric sounds when the budgets and resolutions dribble out, and everything they claimed to oppose with passionate fury is fully funded? They’re already reeling from the embarrassing “Obamacare Lite” debacle, after years of vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every fundraiser – years of passing repeal bills they knew were doomed, folding them into paper airplanes, and tossing them at the window of Obama’s Oval Office. How often do they think they can get away with fighting for nothing before disgusted voters throw up their hands and walk away forever?



ARTICLE
The 2017 spending bill would include $593 billion for defense, which includes $516.1 billion for “base” defense spending and $76.6 billion in emergency war funding.
The Trump administration had requested an additional $30 billion of defense spending for 2017, but the bill contains less than half of that: $14.8 billion. That amount was put into the war funding account.
If the $5.8 billion enacted in a short-term spending measure is included, the bill, if passed, would increase 2017 defense spending by $25.7 billion more than last year.
The bill addresses several important GOP priorities – most prominently, adding more troops and a pay raise.
The bill contains $1.6 billion more than the previous administration’s request, meant for an additional 1,000 active-duty Army soldiers, 1,000 Army National Guard soldiers, 1,000 Army Reserve soldiers, and 1,000 active-duty Marines.
The legislation also funds a 2.1 percent pay raise for the military, over the 1.6 percent requested by the previous administration.
For operations and maintenance, there is a total of $223 billion – $7.3 billion over the previous administration’s request and $9.4 billion above last year. This includes money for training, equipment and facility maintenance, and base operations.
As far as military equipment, the bill provides $123.3 billion – $12.3 billion above the previous administration’s request and $4.7 billion above last year’s level.
Contained in the bill are:
The bill also includes funds to maintain four Apache battalions in the Army National Guard and to maintain a Combat Aviation Brigade in Korea.
The bill includes $73.7 billion for research, development, testing, and evaluation of new defense technologies – $1.9 billion more than the previous administration’s request and $3.7 billion above the fiscal year 2016 level.
That funding will include research and development of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter; the GPS III operational control and space segments; the new Air Force bomber program; a next-generation JSTARS aircraft; the RQ-4 Triton Unmanned Aerial Vehicle; the Ohio-class submarine replacement, according to a bill summary.
The bill proposes $34.1 billion for defense health and military family programs –$314 million above the previous administration’s request and $1.5 billion above last year. That includes $312 million for cancer research, $125 million for traumatic brain injury and psychological health research, and $296 million for sexual assault prevention and response programs.
There is also $600.7 million is provided for Israel Cooperative Programs, including $455 million above the previous administration’s request. This legislation also fully funds the European Reassurance Initiative, which funds an increase U.S. military presence in Europe to reassure allies.
The bill’s total defense spending is lower than what the Trump administration requested for 2017 but is still an increase from what the previous administration had requested and from the year before.
“This funding will help rebuild our forces to ensure our troops have the training and equipment they need to sustain our military superiority,” said a summary of the bill released by House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen.



ARTICLE
In a piece by POLITICO, the news agency noted that since Trump’s order demanding a “full legal review” into the H-1B foreign guest worker visa by the Departments of Homeland Security (DHS), Justice (DOJ) and Labor (DOL), some companies are considering hiring more American workers.
“Businesses that use foreign workers, worried they’ll get singled out by federal agents during a visa review, are starting to explore the possibility of recruiting domestic labor,” POLITICO stated in the report.
As mentioned by NumbersUSA’s Jeremy Beck, the move by U.S. companies directly contradicts the open border lobby’s and tech industry’s longtime claim that there are not enough high-skilled Americans to fill jobs in the country.
According to Beck, the H-1B visa “has become part of the domestic hiring problem,” with big businesses and outsourcing firms often times using the foreign guest worker visa to fire American workers and have them train their foreign replacements, who end up costing the business less in compensation.
Trump’s legal review will include tracking down abuses within the H-1B visa program where more than 85,000 Americans are either replaced or passed over for jobs by foreign nationals.
While immigration hawks and American worker advocates praised Trump’s move to investigate the H-1B visa and its negative impacts, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which supports amnesty for illegal immigrants, panned the executive order, as Breitbart Texas reported.
If the H-1B visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported.



ARTICLE
For most congressional Republicans, however, any agreement is better than no agreement when no agreement means a government shutdown. 
Congressional Republicans have rendered themselves impotent. They have convinced themselves that they must avoid a government shutdown at all costs. Congressional Democrats know that. With support from the mainstream media, therefore, Democrats are always able to spin a government shutdown as the fault of Republicans.
If you absolutely must have an agreement, you automatically have a very weak negotiating position. You believe you have no choice but to take the best deal you can get. When you are willing and able to walk away from a negotiation and the other side knows that, however, you will get a much better deal.  
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) has made it clear that Democrats will use the threat of government shutdowns to block all of President Trump’s proposals that got him elected—except, maybe infrastructure spending. Even without a shutdown, however, Senate Democrats can and will block the most important parts of the President’s legislative agenda through filibusters.
President Trump knows Schumer well from past dealings. So he sees how Schumer plays chess while congressional Republicans play checkers. But will Donald Trump allow bumbling Republicans to continually snatch defeat from what could be a victory of historical proportions? 
The difference between good negotiators and great ones is that Great Negotiators disrupt the negotiating playing field. They see options others don’t. They use jujitsu more than boxing. 
The threat of a government shutdown may immobilize most congressional Republicans. But this President has repeatedly demonstrated that he has the street-smarts to contradict conventional wisdom and convert weaknesses into strengths. But how do that with a government shutdown?
Recall the summer of 2011 when Republicans were threatening a government shutdown over raising the debt ceiling. Republicans were sucker-punched by the media. The airwaves blasted a drum-beat about an impending default on our national debt. Not even Fox News exposed the lie by Obama’s Treasury Secretary who claimed that default was an actual possibility.
If default was a real possibility, why was our largest foreign creditor at the time, the Chinese government, unperturbed? Reporting by the Chinese official state television network, CCTV, lacked the hysteria of the American media. As the deadline for a possible shutdown drew near, I watched while in Hong Kong the English-language version of CCTV. The news anchor simply reported that the U.S. would undoubtedly make its scheduled interest payments regardless of whether the debt ceiling was raised and the government shutdown. He stated the simple truth that President Obama would then have to prioritize how to spend the remaining funds. 
After the Republican failure of nerve in 2011, Chinese leadership concluded that the U.S. was incapable in putting its financial house in order. While the financial establishment in the U.S. cheered the Republican capitulation, China’s credit rating agency, Dagong Global, immediately downgraded American debt. 
Neither of the Republican shutdowns in 1995-96 (President Clinton over the budget) and in 2013 (over Obamacare) forced the presidents to cut federal spending. President Trump, on the other hand, wants to cut or eliminate funding for a number of federal agencies and programs. But as President Ronald Reagan learned, it has become almost impossible to cut whole departments or programs.
Without a filibuster-proof Senate, and probably not even then, President Trump has virtually no chance of getting Congress to agree to eliminate any departments or programs. But a failure of Congress to agree that forces a government shutdown offers President Trump probably the only way to accomplish the major changes he is proposing. 
A government shutdown would put President Trump in a different posture than that of President Nixon who impounded federal funds. Nixon’s attempt to control the budget lost in different federal courts which ruled the President lacked the constitutional power, in the absence of statutory authority, to refuse to spend funds appropriated by Congress.
In a shutdown, however, the President could not spend on discretionary programs and the federal courts could not force him to do so. A long-enough government shutdown would trigger the Anti-Deficiency Act which prevents the Executive Branch from spending except on “essential services,” including the military. Social Security payments are protected through separate legislation.
President Trump’s need for a win on tax reform and possibly health care makes a government shutdown at this time unattractive. But if he is to prevent Senator Schumer from blocking meaningful change in Washington, President Trump will likely find it necessary at some point to exploit the benefits offered by a government shutdown.   
Dr. Baker is Professor Emeritus of Law at Louisiana State University Law School.



ARTICLE
At Monday’s White House Press Briefing, Secretary Sean Spicer was asked what the response is to conservatives that do not think they got a lot out of the new spending bill, including no funding for a wall along the southern border, no defunding of sanctuary cities but funding of Planned Parenthood.
Spicer said the President got a lot out of the bill, pivoting to talk about increased funding for the military to the tune of $21 billion and $1.52 billion for border security.
On Monday morning, Rep. Jim Jordan declared that many conservatives are likely to oppose the new spending bill, noting in the CNN interview, “…we specifically held the vote for — we did a short-term spending bill for this time so that when Republicans controlled the government, we could actually do the things we campaigned on. This bill doesn’t seem to do that.”
Building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border was a foundational element of then-candidate Donald Trump’s presidential campaign. “Build the Wall” was an ever-present chant of rallygoers and supporters, and even this past Saturday at President Trump’s 100 Days rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, participants were still chanting “build the wall.” At this most recent rally, President Trump attempted to reassure supporters that he will build the wall.
Spicer said in the Monday press conference, “And remember, I think people have to keep in context, we’re talking about 2017 funding, right? So this is something that most presidents would walk into office and that would have been done. Because the last congress didn’t do this under President Obama, we have an opportunity to get some of the President’s priorities infused for the last five months of 2017. That’s a big step forward…”
Spicer indicated that funding to build the wall is being pushed off until at least the 2018 budget, but was unclear as to whether that would in fact occur. “When the fiscal year starts the end of September, we will have an opportunity to really infuse the President’s priorities, but I think there’s a lot there,” he said.
Spicer went on to list other priorities aside from funding the wall that the Administration is looking to: D.C. school choice, no Obamacare bailout, coal miners being “taken care of.”
Pressed on what the President had to give up to get certain issues funded, Spicer replied that the 2017 budget should have been done already. “No, I mean I think on the Planned Parenthood thing in particular … but again remember this is 2017 funding. This is something that he wouldn’t even have normally had a shot at because it should have been done. So infusing his priorities in the 2017 budget cycle is actually something that he’s been able to have a say in, which is a big deal for the remaining five months.”
Pressed again on the timeline for building the wall and the urgency of the matter, Spicer \ did not give a timeline. “Make no mistake the wall’s going to be built. The President has made it very clear,” he replied instead.
Spicer continued:
We have five months left in this fiscal year. We’re getting $1.52 billion for border security, there’s a lot that can be done with that. We’ve got a lot of things that happen before the wall is built in terms of planning, technology, gates. There’s a lot of things that can do to prepare for that wall being constructed … this was a down payment for 2017, and as we get ready for fiscal year 2018, that’s start in the beginning of October, this will be a major priority.
On any timeline for completion of the wall, Spicer would only say that the President wants it completed “as soon as possible.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
Written by Breitbart Senior Editor-at-Large Joel B. Pollak, the 71-page e-book offers readers an overview of an historic, and often controversial, administration — from the early slew of executive orders, to the confirmation battle over Neil Gorsuch, to the air strike against Syria, and beyond.
Re-live the Trump administration’s dramatic start, and have the facts at your disposal as you consider its progress so far and its prospects for the future.
Click the following link to download the e-book for free: Breitbart Special Report: The First 100 Days of Trump



ARTICLE

Tolerance. https://t.co/PDKE2NLPmk pic.twitter.com/0Re4DRzH0Z
— Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) April 26, 2017

According to the Ivy League school’s student newspaper, The Dartmouth, an overwhelming 45 percent of students registered as Democrats would be uncomfortable living with a Republican roommate. This is compared to only 12 percent of Republican students who claimed that they would be uncomfortable rooming with a Democrat.
This sentiment of openness to politically divergent roommates was not equally distributed across students of different political stripes. While 61 percent of independents and 69 percent of Republicans said they would be comfortable with a roommate of opposing political views, only 39 percent of Democrats said so. Few independents (16 percent) and Republicans (12 percent) said they would be uncomfortable, while statistically Democrats were as likely to say they would be comfortable as they would be uncomfortable.
President of Dartmouth College Democrats Charlie Blatt ’18 said she was not surprised that most Republicans reported they were comfortable with having a Democratic roommate, given that a majority of students at the College are Democrats.
“It’s unfortunate — I wish we had more political diversity,” she said. “I think the dialogue is good.”
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
After more than 16 months of investigation, federal authorities arrested 23 members of a drug-trafficking cell tied to the Sinaloa Cartel cell led by 30-year-old Luis Angel Briseño Lopez, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the U.S. Attorney’s Office revealed. 
Briseño’s group is believed to have smuggled large quantities of heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine from Mexico into the El Paso, Texas, and Las Cruces, New Mexico. From there, the drugs were shipped to multiple eastern and northern states; while the proceeds were shipped back to Mexico. While 23 members have been arrested, authorities continue to look for five others including Briseño, who remains a fugitive and is believed to be living in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua. 
The entire group has been charged in a 44-count criminal indictment that included drug trafficking conspiracy, money laundering, use of communication devices from a criminal enterprise, and firearms offenses. 
Federal authorities have previously arrested Briseño Lopez in 2010 after capturing him along with his mother, Martina Briseño de Lopez, while they tried to cross into El Paso from Ciudad Juarez. At the time of the arrest, Briseño’s mother had six kilograms of cocaine strapped to her waist. 
After pleading guilty to his role in the crime, a federal judge sentenced him to 46 months in prison and ordered that be he deported.
Sinaloa Cartel Cell by ildefonso ortiz on Scribd

Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
“I’m looking at that right now,” Trump said. “There’s some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that.”
The stock markets dipped briefly in response to Trump’s comment but returned to normal levels.

Dow turns positive again following drop after President Trump said he's "looking at" breaking up big banks https://t.co/simsdicmo0 pic.twitter.com/gSq3KdqS83
— CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) May 1, 2017

Trump made his remarks in an interview with Bloomberg News reporters in the Oval Office on Monday. He was asked about his campaign suggestion that he would implement a version of the Glass-Steagall law that was passed in 1933. The law required consumer lending and investments to be separate, but it was repealed in 1999 under former president Bill Clinton.
The idea was included in the Republican party platform and endorsed by then-campaign manager Paul Manafort in July 2016.
“We believe the Obama-Clinton years have passed legislation that has been favorable to the big banks, which is why you see all the Wall Street money going to her,” he said. “We are supporting the small banks and Main Street.”
Earlier today, Vice President Mike Pence and Donald Trump met with a group of community bankers at the White House. Trump vowed to get rid of onerous regulations like Dodd-Frank that hurt small banks.



ARTICLE
A total of 318 people were murdered in Baltimore last year. The Baltimore Sun put this into perspective by reporting that “one out of every 2,000 [Baltimore] residents was killed in 2016.”
And 2016 was not even the deadliest year on record. The deadliest year was 2015, when there were 344 homicides.
Now Mayor Pugh is begging for help. WJZ quoted Pugh saying, “I’m calling on all the assistance we can possibly get because I can’t imagine going into our summer months with our crime rate where it is today, what that’s going to look like by the end of the summer.” She added, “Murder is out of control.”
This admission comes even though Baltimore is one of the most gun-controlled cities in America. The city has a “high capacity” magazine ban, which was contained in the Firearm Safety Act of 2013. Yet Breitbart News reported that “The Trace, a gun control journalism outlet, shows that the criminal use of ‘high capacity’ magazines jumped in 2013 and continued to climb in 2014, 2015, and 2016.”
In addition to the “high capacity” magazine ban, the Baltimore Sun indicates the Firearm Safety Act requires would-be handgun purchasers to submit fingerprints to the state police, and Fox News reports the Act created a ban that covers “45 types of assault weapons.” Yet Baltimore’s two deadliest years on record–2015 and 2016–occurred after all the gun controls were in place.
Mayor Pugh is now asking the FBI to step in and stop the bloodshed.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
FINAL UPDATE: NBCDFW reported the as yet unidentified DFR paramedic survived his surgery and is now in the ICU for treatment and monitoring. The 11-year veteran firefighter is listed in critical but stable condition. Interim Dallas Police Chief David Pughes said officers received a tip about where the suspect might be hiding. Police officers sent a robot into a house to determine if the suspect was inside. The search revealed the bodies of a man believed to be the suspect and another victim, both deceased. Police have not released the identity of the victim, nor have they confirmed the shooter’s identity. The wounded paramedic is expected to require further surgery and extensive medical treatments to fully recover.
UPDATE 3:40 p.m.: Dallas Police will hold a press conference at 3:45 to provide updated information.
UPDATE 2:20 p.m.: Dallas Fire and Rescue Tweeted their paramedic is still in critical condition. A new update will be sent out in one hour.

UPDATE: Shot @DallasFireRes_q medic still critical…….please keep up the prayers and well wishes. Another update in 1 hr.
— DALLAS FIRE RESCUE (@DallasFireRes_q) May 1, 2017

UPDATE 2:10 p.m.: Dallas Police report that Dallas Fire and Rescue personnel arrived on the scene where a person had been shot and immediately began treatment. “During this time, a suspect approached the area and then opened fire. Ultimately, an EMT/Paramedic was wounded. Observing the condition of the EMT/Paramedic, DPD transported him to Baylor Hospital where he remains in critical but stable condition.”

UPDATE: DFR EMT Paramedic was shot: https://t.co/LoaKFfxdGR
— City of Dallas (@CityOfDallas) May 1, 2017

UPDATE 1:50 p.m.: NBCDFW Anchor Kris Gutierrez reports from near the scene that additional SWAT officers were arriving to assist in the search for the gunman. He observed the SWAT team members putting on tactical gear in preparation for some type of action.

Additional SWAT officers arriving on scene… @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/pjOv4y08q9
— Kris Gutierrez (@KrisGutierrez) May 1, 2017

UPDATE 1:45 p.m.: Dallas Morning News reports the initial call came from the wife or girlfriend of the shooter. When first responders arrived, the man opened fire, striking the paramedic multiple times and wounding a neighbor in the arm.
UPDATE 1:35 p.m.: WFAA reports the wounded firefighter “coded three times” duirng surgery. He remains in critical condition at this time. A witness told reporters she heard four or five gunshots when the man reportedly fired on the paramedics.

Update: @DallasFireRes_q paramedic is in critical condition.
— City of Dallas (@CityOfDallas) May 1, 2017

UPDATE 1:25 p.m.: NBCDFW reports a woman came home to find her boyfriend laying on the ground with a gun. She apparently called for assistance.
UPDATE 1:12 p.m.: WFAA confirmed a neighbor who was standing outside when firefighters arrived at their service call arrived was also wounded. That neighbor is reported to be in stable condition. The shooter remains at large. Police have established a 2-mile perimeter around the original shooting scene.
UPDATE 1:10 p.m.: The Dallas Morning News reported paramedics may have been responded to a suicide call. The wounded firefighter is said to be an 11-year veteran of Dallas Fire and Rescue.
UPDATE 1:05 p.m.: NBCDFW reports the area where the shooting took place is consistently listed as one of the most dangerous areas in Dallas. At this time, the injured firefighter is still in surgery.
UPDATE 1 p.m.: NBCDFW is reporting that a neighbor near the home of the shooting has been injured and is in stable condition. WFAA is reporting that police have surrounded a home on Reynolds Avenue in East Dallas. 
The Tweet from the Dallas Police Department confirms other messages on social media that an active shooter opened fire on firefighters in Old East Dallas. The firefighter is reported to be from a responding EMT/Paramedic Unit. Dallas Fire and Rescue is now referring to the wounded firefighter as a paramedic. All Dallas paramedics/emergency medical technicians are trained first as firefighters and are cross trained to provide emergency medical care.

We have PIO headed to the scene, we can confirm one member of Dallas Fire Rescue has been shot and transported to a local hospital.
— Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) May 1, 2017

Dallas police officers have surrounded a home in the area and are trying to apprehend the shooting suspect, WFAA reported about noon on Monday.
Officers may have been pinned down during a shootout with the gunman, the Dallas Police Association Tweeted.

There is another active shooter in Dallas. This time a fireman has been shot, and officers are pinned down by gunfire. Please pray!
— Dallas Police Assoc (@DPA_PoliceAssoc) May 1, 2017

NBCDFW reported the firefighter sustained several gunshot wounds.

@DallasFireRes_q confirming 1 paramedic shot while responding to a call. No detail at this time. Thoughts and prayers are with all impacted.
— DALLAS FIRE RESCUE (@DallasFireRes_q) May 1, 2017

Police at the scene informed reporter Ashley Berry that firefighters responded to a home to provide assistance to someone inside the home. A gunman opened fire on the firefighters for an as yet unknown reason. Police said the gunman is armed with a rifle, she reported. The man fled the house and police are conducting a manhunt for the assailant. Residents in the area are being advised to remain indoors.
An ambulance transported the wounded firefighter/paramedic to Baylor Medical Center Dallas where he is now reported to be in surgery.

BREAKING: Dallas firefighter shot in the line of duty transported to Baylor Medical Ctr Dallas, fire officials say. https://t.co/I4DWUOGpXD pic.twitter.com/Do4pBR9e41
— NBC DFW (@NBCDFW) May 1, 2017

The attack on the Dallas firefighters came at the same time Texas Governor Greg Abbott was honoring firefighters and other first responders in a ceremony in Austin, Texas.
Lt. Governor Dan Patrick Tweeted a message of support for the wounded first responder.

Our prayers are with the firefighter who was shot when a gunman opened fire on paramedics in Dallas. #txlege https://t.co/xeLAjXFKSq
— Dan Patrick (@DanPatrick) May 1, 2017

This is a developing story. Updates will be provided as new information becomes available.



ARTICLE
Introduction
Purpose consumes me. It always has. Who are you? Why are you? What will you? I began contemplating those questions when I was a young girl sitting in my bedroom and staring at pictures of music and television icons taped to my wall. But it started long before that. I entered the world with a mandate on my life. It was spoken. It was so. But I didn’t know. 
 I always had a feeling that something larger was calling me, though, which made little sense, considering that I lived in rather ordinary surroundings. The projects of the Bronx don’t exactly conjure up images of greatness. Later, after I moved to Long Island, a bright future may have seemed more likely to the onlooker—like I was getting closer to the possibility of greatness, but even as I daydreamed, there was a nagging longing for more. But how would I make it happen?
Isn’t that the question everyone asks? If you think not, think again. By 11, children have already begun wondering what their purpose is. By 40, adults have begun wondering if they missed theirs. We’re all consumed with purpose. Your neighbors are. Your co-workers are. You are. We may not recognize it, but it’s there—in the words we speak, the decisions we make, even the friends we keep. Everything points back to purpose and our longing for it.
 What are the odds that we will fulfill our purpose, though? The answer has everything to do with identity, being able to recognize who we truly are. Unfortunately, many never come to this revelation. As a result, they live beneath themselves. Even those seemingly on top of the world struggle with identity. 
 I am writing this book because I have a message to share, one that will help you understand that there’s more waiting—for you. No matter how low you’ve fallen or how high you’ve climbed, you’re marked for more.
 This isn’t one of those name it, claim it, blab it, grab it, sprinkle a little dust, and you can have it self-help books meant to pump you up with hot air. Those books do pump you up, right before dropping you—on your head. This book doesn’t tell you that reaching the place you were meant to be is 1-2-3 easy. In fact, it tells you the opposite. Some of it is difficult, but all of it is doable. My experiences provide keys to unlock the doors to your destiny and introduce you to life-changing principles. My book is called Push Your Way to Purpose for a reason. Let’s just say the title also has a purpose. “Push” is a verb. Verbs are action words. You have to become a verb to grasp what the book’s subtitle promises to teach you: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You’re Meant to Be.
 Nobody wants to push anymore. We want everything to be easy. But easy doesn’t bring us to destiny. I don’t believe it was supposed to be as hard as we have made it, though. God created us with basic instructions: BE. But “but” got in the way. We “but”-ed our way out of “be,” making excuses for being everything other than our best, and we made messes along the way. Some messes look like successes, while other messes can’t hide. Some people are so far down they can’t even imagine up. But most of the people we encounter are just your ordinary, go-along-to-get-along people. They’re not at rock bottom, and they’re not soaring on the clouds. They’re average, working, normal people. They’re parents, teachers, students, friends. They’re community members you see in the supermarket. They run for elected office. They change diapers. They’re you. They’re me. 
 So we’re in this together. We each have a purpose, and we can discover it, then fulfill it. It will require effort, a willingness never to settle for less than who we are meant to be. It may also require swallowing our egos if we think we have it all together and embracing our potential if we think we have nothing together. Wherever we sit on that spectrum, let us get up, raise our expectations, believe for more, and push our way to purpose. It’s time.
Name Your Purpose
“Name her Adrienne because she’s going to be a schoolteacher.” I’ve shared this story more times than I can count, and for good reason: by the time I’m done telling the story, it always garners the desired response. What is that story, and what is the response? That’s the purpose of this chapter. It’s a perfect place to start because it sets the stage for the focus of this book.
 Everyone wants to be successful. Everyone wants to believe that she was, in fact, born to be successful, that the age-old adage is true for her life: “The sky is the limit.” Some would bet the farm—or the high-rise—on it. It sounds good, doesn’t it? But it’s not true, or at least it’s not necessarily true. Like most things, it must be made to be true. You have to grab it and make it true in your life. The sky very well may be the limit, but so may the floor. It all depends on the level of your reach, the things you’ve chosen to embrace, the relationships you have—and have not—fostered. All these and more figure into your limit. You may be one of those whose life seems to be without limits, or you may be one who seemingly cannot catch a break. It could go either way because while there are circumstances that are beyond our control and you-know-what sometimes just happens, very often, the thing that happens to us is us.
 One thing influencing our level of success is what we hear. When I say “hear,” I mean “listen to.” Many words bump into my ear in the course of a day, but I don’t feed off of them all. There’s a huge difference between what I hear well enough to repeat and what I listen to and choose to eat—to digest. I decide. And it makes all the difference in the world.
Adrienne Ross is an author, editor, columnist, speaker, and former teacher and coach. She owns Adrienne Ross Communications and speaks at schools, churches, political events, and national and international service organization conferences. Ross’s first book is #AuntAlma: Raisin’ a Little Hell Heaven on Earth.



ARTICLE
Not only are many of President Donald Trump’s budget priorities missing from the plan, but since 2009 Republicans have promised a 72-hour “read the bill” window to allow Americans to see legislation before it is voted on — a biblical task for a bill that could as early as Wednesday face an up or down vote.
The “Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017″ will fund the federal government through the end of September, another kick-the-can down-the-road budget that does not pay for a wall on the U.S. southern border but does fund Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest abortion provider.
The budget does include an increase in military spending ($12.5 billion) and border security ($1.5 billion), although the latter prohibits any spending on security except for technological advances and repairs to existing infrastructure, unnamed congressional aides told the Washington Post.
But while the military spending and border security represent what Trump and Republicans wanted, the Democrats, who are now the minority in both the Senate and House, got what they wanted, including $295 million to fund Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program and $100 million funding for opioid addiction.
“Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) boasted that they were able to force Republicans to withdraw more than 160 unrelated policy measures, known as riders, including those that would have cut environmental funding and scaled back financial regulations for Wall Street,” the Post reported.
“Among the bipartisan victories is $407 million in wildfire relief for western states and a decision to permanently extend a program that provides health-care coverage for coal miners,” the Post reported.
According to CNN the budget also has no funding for deportation operations or federal cuts to sanctuary cities and increases National Institute of Health funding by $2 billion as well as renewable energy programs.
Despite the seeming win for Democrats and loss for Trump’s budget priorities, Jennifer Hing, a spokeswoman for House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-NJ), said the budget plan is a good thing.
“The agreement will move the needle forward on conservative priorities and will ensure that the essential functions of the federal government are maintained,” Hing said.



ARTICLE
While he did not reject the invitation, either, he said he was “tied up” and could not “make any definite promise.”
“I’m supposed to go to Russia, I’m also supposed to go to Israel,” Duterte noted.
If Duterte accepts the invitation, it is unclear whether the State Department would grant him a visa to enter the United States. He has joked in the past that he refuses to even try to enter the country because “I will just be insulted there” and “they won’t give me a visa.” In October, he claimed to have once attempted to enter the United States when he was in college and was denied a visa, threatening to impose visa restrictions on U.S. citizens in revenge.
Duterte is facing a case before the International Criminal Court for allegedly using “death squads” to curb drug-fueled violence as mayor of his native Davao City, a position he held for 22 years before assuming the presidency. He has claimed to have personally participated in these death squads, wandering the city at night and shooting people dead.
President Trump invited Duterte to the White House during a telephone conversation this weekend, a move that baffled observers who have noted Duterte’s consistent anti-American rhetoric since taking office in June 2016, as well as his record of supporting extrajudicial killings vigilante justice against drug criminals.
The two world leaders reportedly engaged in a “very friendly conversation” in which Trump offered to host Duterte in the White House.
On Monday, Duterte denied that those comments were a “distancing.”
“It was not a distancing but it was rather a rift between me maybe and the State Department and Mr. Obama, who spoke openly against me,” he claimed.
“Things have changed, the new leadership wants to make friends. Well, things have changed, because the new leadership, he (Trump) wants to make friends and he says that we are friends. So, why do you have to pick a fight?” he added.
Duterte has presented a favorable disposition towards President Trump since the latter assumed office. In March, Duterte said in public remarks that he was “okay with President Trump and I can assure him also of our friendship and cooperation.”
“But for the previous president, I was an evil man,” he added at the time. “That crazy man was planning to jail me. This other one [Trump], he said, ‘you’re right.'” In the same remarks, he condemned the European Union for issuing a statement demanding Duterte cease to endorse police brutality against drug suspects, asking of the EU, “why do you have to fuck with us?”
Left-wing media outlets and anti-Trump commentators have condemned the White House invitation extended to Duterte. President Obama met with his Filipino counterpart in September at a regional summit despite claiming to have refused to do so, shaking his hand after Duterte had publicly referred to him as a “son of a whore.”
“It was not a long interaction,” Obama claimed.
An anonymous official in the Trump White House similarly rejected the idea that meeting the head of state in person was an endorsement. “It’s not a ‘thank you,’ it’s a meeting,” the official told Reuters.



ARTICLE
I am speaking about the Justice Department’s prosecution — and I would add, persecution — of two Border Patrol agents, Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos. The case is a good lesson in how the vast powers of the federal government can be deployed for narrow political purposes, not the ends of justice.
In February of 2005, Border Patrol officers Ramos and Compean were patrolling the Rio Grande border near Fabens, Texas. They encountered a van near the river that was behaving suspiciously, so they gave chase. The driver abandoned the vehicle and its almost 800-pound load of drugs and fled on foot toward the river. Agent Compean caught up with him, and a fight ensued, but the man escaped and continued running toward the border. Agent Ramos arrived on the scene, and both of them pursued the fleeing smuggler. When they saw the man turn and wave “a shiny object” which they thought was a gun, they opened fire at him. Both agents said later they did not realize at the time that a shot had hit the smuggler in the buttocks because the man kept running and disappeared into Mexico. 


Weeks after the shooting occurred and as result of demands from the Mexican government, a Homeland Security Department’s inquiry was launched, and soon after that Ramos and Compean were put on trial. They were both found guilty of discharging a firearm during the commission of a violent crime! Compean received a 12-year sentence, and Ramos got 11 years.   
The smuggler was a Mexican named Osvaldo Aldrete Davila, who was portrayed in court testimony as not a career drug smuggler but someone who had merely consented to smuggle this single load to get money to pay his mother’s medical bills. That fairy tale was adopted not only by the smuggler and his family but also by the prosecuting U.S. Attorney to paint the drug smuggler as the innocent victim of Border Patrol brutality and criminal behavior. And get this. In exchange for his testimony against the two agents who shot him, the smuggler was given a visa to let him have easy entry into the U.S. He then used the visa to help him deliver a second load of drugs! This time it was over 750 pounds of Marijuana, and he was armed when he was caught. 
That arrest was never allowed to be admitted into the Ramos-Compean trial.
Two Texas congressmen, Ted Poe and John Culbertson, told CNN in 2007 that the truth of the matter was that Ramos and Compean had been the victim of a cover-up by the Border Patrol’s parent agency, the Department of Homeland Security, and that the DHS Inspector General had admitted lying to them about the case.
I followed the trial closely at the time and later visited personally with Ignacio Ramos after his incarceration in a federal prison in Ohio. Earlier while in a Mississippi federal facility, he had been beaten by five Hispanic inmates who recognized him from news accounts of the trial. 
In July of 2007, both Senate and House committees investigated the matter.  
A petition collected over 200,000 signatures asking for a pardon from President Bush.
Senators Diana Feinstein and John Cornyn asked Bush for a commutation to time served and release from prison. He refused. 
On the last day of his Presidency, Bush agreed to the calls for commutation. Of course commuting a sentence does not wipe out the crime. Only a pardon can do that. And that is what is needed for these two men whose lives, and the lives of their families have been shattered by being held as political prisoners after a kangaroo court trial. 
The whole scandalous story of the malicious treatment of Ramos and Compean by U.S. government prosecutors was revealed by Congressman Dana Rohrabacher in a speech on the House floor on March 19, 2007.
I am asking you to join in the effort to persuade President Trump to grant that pardon. We can start with letters and calls to the White House and sympathetic Members of Congress. Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos are not “dreamers” and do not have the mainstream media and the entire Democrat Party arguing their case; they are Americans who deserve  a huuuge “We are sorry and apologize for what happened to you.” 



ARTICLE
The bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for Trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from Congress to the Department of Homeland Security of deciding whether to provide extra wage-cutting H-2B contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for Trump’s blue-collar voters.
The new rule is opposed by pro-American groups, including the Federation for American Immigration Reform. According to FAIR’s Robert Law:
Increasing the number of low skilled foreign workers through a massive government funding bill is Washington at its worst. This is a clear betrayal of blue collar Americans who were hit the hardest by the Obama economy. Even after Trump’s victory, Congress is more interested in rewarding the business lobby’s thirst for cheap workers than getting their unemployed constituents back in the work force.
The new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases, just 18 months before the mid-term elections when voters will vet the success or not of Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” policies.
The H-2B language was hidden deep in the draft 2017 supplemental budget — which is to face House and Senate votes this week — and it surprised opponents of the legislation. In December 2016, Ryan had agreed to trim the program when the partial 2017 budget deal was announced just one month after blue-collar voters backed Donald Trump’s campaign promise of a low-immigration, high-wage national economic policy.
The language in the 2017 budget says the Department of Homeland Security has the authority to exceed the supposed 66,000 annual cap on H-2B outsourcing visas by a number equal to the maximum number of workers who benefited from an earlier exemption, dubbed the “returning worker exemption.”

Here's the text of the #H2B "returning workers" loophole that makes a mockery of the law's numerical "limits". https://t.co/G7dc1Qpmaz pic.twitter.com/Hf4UPjwJB4
— (((Mark Krikorian))) (@MarkSKrikorian) May 1, 2017

The H-2B program allows companies that do seasonal work to import up to 66,000 foreign workers each year instead of recruiting and hiring Americans. The program is supported by Democrats and Republicans eager to aid local business groups, which are competing against each other for American workers, and which face competition from the companies that employ roughly 8 million illegal immigrants.
The program means companies don’t have to pay a premium to hire Americans for seasonal overtime work that leaves them unemployed in winter, and it also reduces pressure on the companies to recruit and train youths and marginalized Americans, including millions of Americans who have fallen out of the workforce.  The imported workers are also paid at rates that are lower than needed to attract Americans to those jobs — which also means that the companies can pay lower wages to their full-time American workers.
The RWE exemption allowed roughly 20,000 extra visas to be handed out in 2016, above the 66,000 level.
The new 2017 rule may allow far more visas to be given out because the RWE program was also used under George W. Bush to import 130,000 foreign workers in 2007. If that 2007 number sets the 2017 limit, then, then the DHS will be able to triple the program to almost 200,000 foreign workers.
According to the horseracing industry website Bloodhorse.com, Alex Waldrop, the head of the National Thoroughbred Racing Association, predicted the new rule could double the size of the H-2B program this year. “It limits the total number of H-2B workers that may enter the U.S. during fiscal year 2017 to 129,547,” Waldrop said told the website.
In practice, companies will not be able to quickly recruit and import that maximum number of workers in 2017, partly because the DHS has yet to establish a process for handling the extra H-2B visa requests. But if the Ryan expansion becomes the norm, then lobbyists could use the DHS to push the H-2B program in 2018 back up to the 2007 level.
The H-2B program is backed by landscaping companies but is also strongly supported by the resort and hotel industries, forestry and shrimping companies and the horse racing sector.
The H-2B program is backed by many politicians, notably Sen. Thom Tillis, a GOP Senator from North Carolina, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, and Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch. Ryan has a history of backing “any willing worker” rules which allow companies to import foreign workers instead of hiring Americans at wages sufficient to help raise a family.
The program is opposed by some left-wing groups, including the Economic Policy Institute.
The H-2B program is one of many contract-worker programs run by the federal government, which allow companies to annually hire roughly 1 million foreign white-collar or blue-collar workers for multi-year or seasonal jobs that can be filled by Americans. These programs include the H-1B program, which has allowed companies to create a domestic population of almost 1 million foreign professionals, including doctors, information-technology experts, designers, and accountants.
The annual inflow of 1 million contract workers is in addition to the annual inflow of 1 million legal immigrants. Every year, these two million new arrivals compete with the 4 million young Americans who enter the workforce each year, forcing down wages, driving up unemployment and transferring roughly $500 billion from employees to employers and investors. Several million working-age men have been pushed out the workforce by declining wages, say economists.
Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com
 



ARTICLE
Johnson lives in the Bridgeport area and other nearby cars were also targeted.
According to NBC News, “The vehicle’s interior was found in disarray on Saturday morning when officers went to… [Johnson’s home] to pick him up.” The vehicle was unmarked so Chicago Police do not believe it was not targeted.
The Chicago Tribune quoted Chicago Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi saying “items from the glove box had been tossed about, but no weapons or confidential materials or valuables were inside the city-assigned SUV.” Police believe there is a possibility the car was accidentally left unlocked the night before.
The crime that reached the superintendent’s car is just a taste of the lawlessness that has characterized Chicago all year. On April 27,  Breitbart News reported Chicago already had over 1,000 shooting victims for 2017 and stories of fatalities that included sons being gunned down in front of their mothers.
As of May 1, the Tribune reports a total of 192 homicides in Chicago for 2017. This means the city is on track to get close to the nearly 800 homicides witnessed in 2016.
On April 25, Breitbart News reported that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s (D) response to the non-stop gun violence has consisted of calls for additional gun control. He now wants new controls and regulations on Federal Firearm License holders (FFLs) in Chicago. In other words, with criminal gun use surging, Emanuel wants to go after the gun dealers who have gone through the proper legal channels to get an FFL and who, because of that FFL, conduct a background check on every gun they sell.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
“I think Ms. Pelosi has served long and — for the most part — well,” Jaffe said in an interview with the Observer. “But, from my observations of the last year or so, particularly in her Town Halls with voters, I think she’s really out of touch with the voters in San Francisco. I think the district needs to be represented by someone more in touch with the voters and the constituents here, and I think I’m that person.”
Jaffe, who was recruited by the Sanders campaign as a senior attorney to observe and monitor the Nevada caucuses, told the Observer he thinks the Vermont senator was “was more or less cheated out of” the nomination.
However, others have suggested Sanders knew he never stood a chance against Clinton and establishment machine from the start.
Jaffe co-founded and serves as president of the South Beach District 6 Democratic Club in San Francisco, Pelosi’s district, where he reportedly has a strong record of fighting for grassroots efforts and, more recently, pushed for the removal of dark money from politics in the Bay Area. Like Sanders, he is also seeking to move the Democratic Party away from its Establishment wing and everything that it represents.
He’s not the first, or last person, to call Pelosi “out of touch” with her Democratic base either.
In a 2016 interview with CBS News’ Face the Nation, Pelosi said, “I don’t think people want a new direction.” Showing an occasional contrast with her party’s “progressive” base in a February CNN Town Hall, she told a millennial Sanders supporter, “Well, I thank you for your question, but I have to say we’re capitalists — that’s just the way it is.”
The Observer points out that “Under Pelosi, Democrats lost more than 60 seats in the House of Representatives from 2008 to 2016, and her tenure represents just how corrupt the Party has become.”
Last November, Rep. Cedric Richmond (D-LA) criticized Pelosi and suggested her proposals to empower junior members of Congress — by making certain positions available only to lawmakers who have served fewer than three or four terms, while she and Reps. Jim Clyburn (D-SC) and Steny Hoyer (D-MD) remain in their current posts — could decrease the Congressional Black Caucus’s power while seemingly increasing her own.
“The reality is that, from the perspective of the CBC, some changes may be beneficial while others may have severe unintended consequences that could diminish our power as a caucus within the Democratic Caucus,” Richmond wrote.
Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OH), 43, has also accused Pelosi of trying to “further consolidate her power.” In one of several letters criticizing Pelosi over her poor leadership, Ryan wrote, “I am very disappointed in Leader Pelosi’s proposed caucus reforms which are seemingly designed to further consolidate her power over the caucus.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
In his first column Stephens committed the cardinal sin of suggesting that maybe climate change isn’t quite the major existential threat that liberals have cracked up to be; and that maybe the environmentalists’ rabid zealotry is doing their cause more harm than good.

Claiming total certainty about the science traduces the spirit of science and creates openings for doubt whenever a climate claim proves wrong. Demanding abrupt and expensive changes in public policy raises fair questions about ideological intentions. Censoriously asserting one’s moral superiority and treating skeptics as imbeciles and deplorables wins few converts.

Mighty has been the progressives’ wrath.
According to Soros attack dog Joe Romm, it could scarcely have been worse if the New York Times had given the column to the former Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, David Duke.
According to the Guardian‘s Dana Nucitelli, the most charitable thing you could say about Stephens’s piece is that it’s “ignorant and wrong.”
Professor Ken Caldeira, of the Carnegie Institute for Science, has publicly cancelled his NYT subscription.
So too has German climate professor Stefan Rahmsdorf, who wrote to complain:
My heroes are Copernicus, Galilei and Kepler, who sought the scientific truth based on observational evidence and defended it against the powerful authority of the church in Rome, at great personal cost.
Had the New York Times existed then – would you have seen it as part of your mission to insult and denigrate these scientists, as Stephens has done with climate scientists?
Twitter has been outraged:

A New Yorker fact checker who understands what journalism is supposed to do pic.twitter.com/ZEIglfxd5x
— David Klion (@DavidKlion) April 29, 2017

Meanwhile, a petition demanding that the New York Times “rescind” its job offer to Bret Stephens has attracted more than 28,000 signatures.
Truly you’d need a heart of stone not to laugh at the cruel irony of it all.
One of the reasons Stephens left his old home the Wall Street Journal to join David Brooks in the special padded cell the NYT retains for its house “conservatives” was to escape all the hate he was getting for his anti-Trump articles. Surely, he no doubt imagined, his gentle brand of centrist squishery – “the nambiest and the pambiest” as Dinesh D’Souza once referred to it – would find a more welcoming home among the impeccably reasonable, caring and sensitive liberal readership for which Pravda is famed.
It didn’t take long for Stephens to be disabused of this notion:

After 20 months of being harangued by bullying Trump supporters, I’m reminded that the nasty left is no different. Perhaps worse. https://t.co/uQ2L5lox6e
— Bret Stephens (@BretStephensNYT) April 28, 2017

What, though, had Stephens actually said wrong to deserve all this hate? (Read the comment thread below his tweet. The Times’s Red Guard shows no mercy).
In short: nothing.
Such facts as there were in his comment piece – it was opinion, not a science report – were pretty unimpeachable, not to say uncontroversial. He quoted the IPCC – generally used by liberals as the gold standard of climate science.
He quoted another (more acceptably green/left-wing) New York Times columnist Andrew Revkin:
“I saw a widening gap between what scientists had been learning about global warming and what advocates were claiming as they pushed ever harder to pass climate legislation.”
But there was really nothing in the piece that was shockingly contentious or factually dubious.
Why then this brutal monstering?
Because climate change is a religion where heretics must burn.
At least that’s how progressives think – and it’s the progressives who still dictate the terms of the debate: they’ve hijacked the seats of learning, the newspapers, the TV, the schools, the political arena, the corporations, Wall Street…
Any form of dissent from the Green Religion, however trivial, has to be punished with fire and brimstone as a dread warning to anyone else tempted to diverge from the True Path.
This is not the first time this has happened.
Stephens’s experiences are strikingly similar to that of another very moderate skeptic, Roger Pielke Jr, who was recruited as a columnist for Nate Silver’s website 538 but was then ditched when readers objected to his non-alarmist views and his unhelpful references to data, truth and real-world evidence.
Facts are very important to progressive journalists and readers. But only when they are the right sort of facts. Otherwise they’re WrongThink.



ARTICLE
Because of the unhinged attack, Stephens noted that he is being reminded of just how filled with hate an intolerance the left really is.
Indeed, global warming fans have launched #ShowYourCancellation, a Twitter hashtag campaign to urge New York Times subscribers to dump the paper.
Stephens, an establishment Republican and a former Wall Street Journal writer, was hired by the New York Times after spending the past many months uncorking a wave of anti-Trump columns. But with his debut column for the “paper of record,” Stephens chided climate change believers for being so certain of their belief despite the lack of full scientific support for their religious-like global warming tenets.
In his column, Stephens said that “claiming total certainty about the science” of climate change and not taking the facts from both sides “traduces the spirit of science and creates openings for doubt whenever a climate claim proves wrong.”
But after the mild column debuted, a wave of hate rolled over both Stephens and the Times because the columnist dared to question climate change.
Liberals have called for the Times to fire Stephens over the “climate denying” column with a petition at Change.org that has already gained nearly 30,000 signers.
The petition charges that the paper itself has now somehow joined the ranks of “deniers”:
The hire of Mr. Stephens compromises The New York Times especially because the fossil fuel industry and its media echo chamber are spreading the lie that science continues to debate whether climate change is real, whether humans are causing it, and whether it has adverse impacts on America and the globe. The New York Times has now entered that echo chamber. The Times now legitimates the lie that human-caused climate change is a political opinion to be debated, when in reality human-caused climate change is a truth already discovered by scientific inquiry.
Along with the petition, a wave of tweets has inundated the paper with calls for the columnist to be fired in one hate-filled tweet after another.
One Twitter user told Stephens to “Go eat dog d***s,” while another claimed that Stephens is trending on Twitter because, he said, “You suck.”
Even other purported journalists are tweeting attacks on the Times and Stephens.
Liberal columnist Monica Potts, who writes for such outlets as Vogue, The Daily Beast, and the New York Times, called Stephens’ column “irresponsible”:

@nytopinion @BretStephensNYT This is so irresponsible. For many readers, anything that comes out of the times has its authority. They don't know you hired an idiot.
— Monica Potts (@MonicaBPotts) April 28, 2017

Libby Watson, a staff writer for the liberal tech blog Gizmodo, also joined in the attacks by calling Stephens a “sh**head”:

@BretStephensNYT bret if you think that tweet was “nasty” i have some news for you: you’re a shithead. a crybaby lil fuckin weenie. a massive twat too
— libby watson (@libbycwatson) April 28, 2017
VICE.com writer Eve Peyser even said that Stephens’ column was causing her to “lose her mind”:

I'm gonna lose my mind. The ideas ppl like @BretStephensNYT espouse are violently hateful & should not be given a platform by @NYTimes. pic.twitter.com/NSxGD1omVH
— eve peyser (@evepeyser) April 28, 2017

Finally, after being welcomed into their ranks for months of Trump-hate, Stephens himself is experiencing a volume of hate that serves as a reminder of just how unkind the left usually is:

After 20 months of being harangued by bullying Trump supporters, I'm reminded that the nasty left is no different. Perhaps worse. https://t.co/uQ2L5lox6e
— Bret Stephens (@BretStephensNYT) April 28, 2017

Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
Mason quipped:
He’s even more Jewish than me. I thought I was an Orthodox Jew but he is much more Orthodox than me because every time he talks it’s all about how he could help Jews and protect Jews. And every child he has is looking for someone to marry that’s a Jew.
They go to shul [synagogue] even when there’s no reason for it. He creates Jewish holidays that don’t even exist. His son-in-law is not only Jewish but he’s Orthodox. And his daughter became even more Orthodox than the husband. So, he can’t even go with them to a restaurant because as soon as they sit down they complain that it is not Kosher enough.
“I think he forgot he’s a gentile altogether,” Mason said of Trump. “Pretty soon he’ll be wearing that yalmukah (kippah) every time he goes to the White House.”
The Borscht Belt legend was speaking during his regular segment on this reporter’s talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM.
Listen to the full audio here.

Mason was asked for his thoughts on what Trump should do during his reported upcoming visit to Israel later this month. The trip has not yet been officially announced but multiple news media reports cite anonymous Israeli and U.S. officials saying the purported trip is slated for May 22.
“I would like him to declare that nobody should disturb Israel for the next thousand years,” responded Mason. “And I would like him to declare that if anybody makes one bad move against Israel that he would wipe them out in a minute and a half.”
Mason continued on Trump and Israel:
He is going to be a fantastic contrast to what we went through with Obama. Obama not only resented Israel. He resented Jews in general. He is the first American president who couldn’t tolerate the thought of Israel’s existence. And every time that [Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu came to the White House he wound up sitting on a chair outside of a building or in front of the grass or under a sink. [Obama] couldn’t stand the sight of [Netanyahu] and the thought of him being there.
He resented any kind of progress that Israel wanted to make to accomplish anything or any effort to find peace there. If he could start his own war against Israel he would have declared war on Israel himself. He just didn’t have a chance to do it.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.



ARTICLE
The Sunday shooting of a Detroit police officer marked the seventh time a cop had been targeted, according to WXYZ News. In that incident, a police officer was shot in the head by a suspect after police had responded to a domestic violence call.
When police arrived at the scene, the suspect shot at the officers, hitting one of them in the head. The suspect was shot and killed following a gunfire exchange. The wounded police officer was taken to the hospital where he underwent immediate surgery and is in critical condition.
Back in September, Sgt. Kenneth Steil was shot in the shoulder and later died while chasing 21-year-old Maurice Cromer. Later, officer Myron Jarrett was in the process of arresting a driver when he was hit and killed by a vehicle passing by.
In November, an officer at Wayne State University, Collin Rose, stopped an individual who was on a bike when he was shot and killed. Later, in March, two officers were patrolling a region of Detroit for drugs when they were shot by a suspect. Police believe the suspect who shot the two officers, also shot Rose.
Then, last month, a man accidentally shot a police officer with a shotgun thinking he was being burglarized. The officer had been responding to a burglary call when he arrived at the scene was shot by the 19-year-old.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
“Hamas appreciates North Korea statement in which it supported the Palestinians’ struggle and rejected the continuation of occupation,” the terror group’s spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri wrote on his Twitter page.
“Hamas (rejects) Israeli abuse of North Korea and confirms that Israel is the leader of evil and terrorism in the world.”
Abu Zuhri’s remarks followed North Korea’s condemnation of Israel as the “only illegal possessor of nukes in the Middle East under the patronage of the U.S,” according to a statement released by the country’s Foreign Ministry.
The harsh reproof was the result of Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman’s words last week calling the North Korean leadership “crazy.”
“Kim Jong-un is an ally of Assad. From North Korea, through Iran, to Syria and Hezbollah,” Liberman told Walla news site, noting that North Korea’s only aim was “undermining global stability,” and adding that the country’s leadership was “a crazy and radical group.”
He added that the country’s recent nuclear tests were “crossing a red line” and its nuclear weapons program posed an even bigger global threat than Iran.
“We’re just ahead of a new era of accurate missiles and unconventional weapons in the hands of irrational people,” Liberman said.
Pyongyang said Liberman’s “rash and malicious” comments were a “cynical ploy” to divert attention from the occupation “of the Arab territories” and “crimes against humanity.”
“Our consistent message is to mercilessly punish those who offend the dignity of our leadership,” the statement said, before continuing with a veiled threat, “We warn Israel to think twice about the implications of its defamation campaign against us.”
Some Israeli ministers slammed Liberman for his comments, saying the defense minister was dragging Israel into another conflict.
According to Israel Radio, top cabinet members who asked to remain anonymous said Liberman would do well to focus his energy on national security and not open his mouth so much.
“We have nothing to do with North Korea, so why jump up?” one minister reportedly said according to a translation from the Times of Israel. “Don’t we have enough enemies?”
MK Shelly Yachimovich of the Zionist Union remarked on Twitter: “We have enough enemies. Let’s focus on them.”



ARTICLE
Liberal comedian Samantha Bee taped a mock White House Correspondents’ Dinner Saturday afternoon in Washington, D.C., while President Trump held a first 100 days rally in Harrisburg.
Said Gainor regarding the traditional event, “It was number three of the three events that night for conservatives, the Trump event was fantastic, Trump really brought his A game. For liberals, they went to the Samantha Bee event and for people who hold to this fantasy that the press is neutral and still is powerful because of that, they went to the press dinner.”
Gainor added, “It’s no longer influential. It won’t be influential under the Trump administration. For it to be influential at all, the Democrats have to win the presidency again and even then, they may only want the alternate events.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
In an internal letter obtained by the Baltimore Sun, Chief Deputy State’s Attorney Michael Schatzow asks state prosecutors to withhold charges for minor crimes against illegal immigrants to protect them from deportation by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
“In considering the appropriate disposition of a minor, non-violent criminal case, please be certain to consider those potential consequences to the victim, witnesses, and the defendant,” Schatzow wrote in the letter, according to the Baltimore Sun.
The move to create two separate justice systems, one for Americans and one for illegal immigrants, is also occurring in Brooklyn, New York.
Acting District Attorney Eric Gonzalez has similarly requested that prosecution and conviction of criminal illegal immigrants not lead to their deportation by DHS, demanding they be shielded from federal law.
“Now, more than ever, we must ensure that a conviction, especially for a minor offense, does not lead to draconian consequences like deportation, which can be unfair, tear families apart, and destabilize communities and businesses,” Gonzalez’s said of the new policy, according to Brooklyn Daily.
New York Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY), who has also announced a run against New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, called the policy by Gonzalez “outrageous.”
“This unfairly creates two justice systems: one for citizens, and one for illegal immigrants,” Malliotakis told Brooklyn Daily. “It is outrageous that a district attorney, whose job is to enforce the laws of our city and state and ensure that victims receive justice, would create a situation that allows an individual to plea down to a lesser crime simply because he or she is undocumented.”
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) said the agreement reflects the principles of his party.
“This agreement is a good agreement for the American people, and takes the threat of a government shutdown off the table,” Schumer said, reports The Hill. “The bill ensures taxpayer dollars aren’t used to fund an ineffective border wall, excludes poison pill riders, and increases investments in programs that the middle-class relies on, like medical research, education, and infrastructure.”
“The deal, if passed by the full House and Senate, would also keep funding for Planned Parenthood through September and add $2 billion to the National Institutes of Health,” the New York Post observes.
As a candidate for the presidency, Donald Trump outlined four policy commitments in a letter to national pro-life leaders:
“The Republican House can pass and send to the Republican Senate a bill that funds the border wall but not Planned Parenthood,” writes CNSNews.com editor-in-chief Terence Jeffrey. “Or they can pass one that funds Planned Parenthood but not the border wall.”
“The former course of action would fulfill the campaign promises that got their president elected,” he adds. “The latter would appease congressional Democrats and the liberal press.”



ARTICLE
They may have even been the best ever. No modern president taking office in an expanding economy has seen stocks rise by as much in his first 100 days in office as they did during Trump’s. And not since the first days of John F. Kennedy’s presidency has a president’s first 100 days been as calm and orderly as the Trump rally.
The S&P 500 is up 5.3 percent since inauguration day on January 20, 2017. That beats the market’s performance during the first 100 days of Presidents Truman, Johnson, Nixon, Clinton, Reagan, Carter, Eisenhower, and George W. Bush, according to the research firm CFRA Research.
Only presidents who took office amid or immediately following a recession can claim to have overseen stronger rally in stocks. The S&P 500 rose 8.4 percent President Barack Obama’s first 100 days, but this was a rally off of a huge market crash. Similarly, the 8.4 percent rally of George H.W. Bush and the 8.7 percent rally of John Kennedy came as the economy was emerging from a recession. The all-time greatest rally came following the Great Depression, when stocks rose 86.5 percent in Franklin Roosevelt’s first 100 days.
The fact that the Trump rally took place outside of the context of an expansion could be the reason this has been one of the calmest first 100 days despite the rally. According to Nick Wells and Mark Fahey of CNBC, the S&P posted a daily move of more than one point only three times during Trump’s first hundred days. That’s an extremely low level of volatility and very different from the kinds of jumpy markets that accompanied the rallies of the first Bush or Obama.
On a risk-adjusted basis, then, the Trump rally has been the strongest first 100 days ever.
Measured from Election Day, the Trump rally is the second-best since Kennedy took office. The S&P 500 is up 11.8 percent since November 8. It rose 12.3 percent between the election and George H.W. Bush’s Day 100, according to CFRA Research. The market rose 18.3 percent in the period between Kennedy’s election and his Day 100.
The best performing sector since Trump took office has been technology. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is up 9.16 percent since January 20. Shares of Facebook rose by 17.8 percent, Google by 12.93 percent, and Amazon by 14.33 percent.
Bank stocks did well in the weeks following the election but have lagged the market in recent months. Even still, the KBW Index of big bank stocks is up by nearly 20 percent since Election Day.
The Trump Rally is made all the more extraordinary because, just like his electoral victory, it defied many experts’ expectations. Prior to election day, the consensus on Wall Street and among economists was that the market was likely to crash if Trump were to win. This seemed like a safe forecast because many of the prognosticators believed it would never be tested because they did not believe Trump could win the election.
Even after markets rallied in the days following the election, many market watchers continued to predict that it would slump once Trump took office. Some said the market would fizzle shortly after the inauguration, others said it would fade once the post-inauguration faded, and still others were predicting just a few weeks ago that the market was “overdue” for a “pullback.”
Yet somehow the market keeps rising as the Trump presidency marches on.



ARTICLE
Rossello spent time in Washington D.C., sitting down with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price on three separate occasions as well as taking an opportunity to discuss the island’s needs with CMS Administrator Seema Verma. The governor also sat down with White House deputy chief of staff Rick Dearborn and shared a phone call with Trump’s chief of staff Reince Priebus.
Although the Medicaid spending was a sticking point for some Republicans in Congress, Rossello and his allies successfully negotiated a $295 million payment in the Congressional budget agreement.
The governor does not have a relationship with Trump. He briefly met the president at the National Governors Association meeting at the beginning of the year, but did not sit down with him individually. But he told reporters that he was open to the idea of meeting with Trump to talk about the fiscal reforms he is seeking in Puerto Rico.
“I don’t see how having a relationship with the President of the United States can be negative, and I would welcome the opportunity,” he said Saturday during a meeting in his office with reporters. Rossello acknowledged, however, that Trump “has many things on his plate” and might not have the time.
Rossello admitted that if Trump continued to view the Medicaid funding as a bailout, he would probably not support their request for funds. He argued that without the extra funds, the island’s health care infrastructure would face crippling setbacks, forcing more citizens to flee the territory for states like Florida and New York to seek health care, costing the United States even more money.
After Trump criticized the funding request, Rossello replied to the president on Twitter.
“The American citizens of Puerto Rico deserve to be treated fairly. Health and civil rights are not partisan issues,” he wrote.
That made front page news in Puerto Rico.





 Trump's tweets make the newspaper cover in Puerto Rico
A post shared by Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) on May 1, 2017 at 4:42am PDT



Despite the tweets, Puerto Rico officials are anxious for access in the new administration. The government sought the services of former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski’s consulting firm Avenue Strategies that he founded with Barry Bennett, Ben Carson’s former campaign manager. Bennett is familiar with Puerto Rico politics as Ben Carson traveled to the island during his presidential campaign and endorsed their statehood effort.
Rossello said he met with Lewandowski, praising him as “quite knowledgeable” about the issues facing Puerto Rico, but said that “the jury’s still out” whether they will continue to pay for his services. However, he appeared positive about the results.
“So far we’ve gotten to meet with certain officials in the administration, they’ve even put into writing some of the things for Puerto Rico that are critical,” he said, citing a positive letter from Secretary Price about their Medicaid needs. Rossello explained that Lewandowski’s firm never promised a personal sit-down with Trump, but he again specified that they remained open to the idea.
Currently, Puerto Rico faces a $70 billion budget deficit, a crisis that led to PROMESA, and the appointment of fiscal oversight board to help solve the solution. Although the island faces possibly bankruptcy, Rossello hopes that the territory’s government can negotiate with creditors for a solution.
Rossello appears eager to look fiscally responsible after over a decade of financial mismanagement by his predecessors that he described as a “Ponzi scheme.” Last week, he delivered a speech about his reform agenda at the Heritage Foundation conservative think-tank in Washington D.C.. 
“We have to change the narrative in Puerto Rico,” he said, highlighting his administration’s new focus.
After taking office in January of 2017, he signed bills cutting government spending, reducing government agencies and streamlining services. Many of his reforms have not been popular on the island, but are a necessary step to restoring financial sustainability.
“I am a Democrat, but if you see my policies, at least on the fiscal side of things, you’d be hard pressed to find a more fiscally aggressive agenda,” he told reporters.
On Monday, Rossello faces a huge May Day protest, prompting him to deliver a speech to the people of Puerto Rico — urging them to remain peaceful.
“We will help people protest against me so long as they let other people carry on with their work and don’t make them feel insecure,” he said.



ARTICLE
The event, organized by local environmentalist group 350 Colorado Springs, was also a protest against the Trump administration’s policies on climate change.
However, the march was postponed until Sunday after weather forecasters predicted heavy snowfall and possible blizzards.
“Sometimes Mother Nature throws you a curveball! We know we aren’t in the business of risking anyone’s safety. Dangerous conditions and wet heavy snow in the forecast for tomorrow,” the group wrote on their Facebook page.
Meanwhile, another march in Denver went ahead despite a spring snowstorm, as protesters held signs outside Denver City Hall and powered loudspeakers using stationary bikes.

Credit the fee who actually made it out in the cold #DenverClimateMarch #copolitics pic.twitter.com/8YKkJY126P
— Matt Dempsey (@MDempseyCO) April 29, 2017

The climate change marches in Denver and Colorado were just two of a series of marches that took place across America over the weekend, as protesters took their anger out at the recent actions of the Trump administration.
Since taking office, Trump has taken steps to roll back environmental regulations and end the Obama administration’s war on coal. In his first White House budget, Trump proposed cutting the budget of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by 31 percent, as well as approving the Keystone XL pipeline previously blocked by Barack Obama.
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Scott Pruitt, also confirmed that America should “exit” the Paris Climate Agreement signed by Barack Obama last November, although no decisive action has yet been taken.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
The Los Angeles Times reports:
Dockworkers Monday plan to shut down Oakland’s waterfront, while demonstrations and marches are set outside federal immigration offices, in front of the Oakland jail and along Bay Area Rapid Transit routes. In conjunction, immigration groups have called on undocumented workers to boycott work, school and shopping, under a social media campaign branded #shutitdown.
…
In the Bay Area, nearly 70 organizations representing immigration, inmates rights and labor, socialist and environmental causes are supporting a march through Oakland. By Sunday, more than 1,000 individuals had pledged attendance on the Facebook event page hosted by Oakland Sin Fronteras.
Meanwhile, in downtown Los Angeles, Southern California Public Radio reports plans for a similar march focusing on the immigration issue. March organizers reportedly hope for a turnout of 100,000, even though last year’s turnout was only 1,000 to 2,000.
Though the march is going to disrupt traffic for people trying to work on “International Workers’ Day,” local Democratic officials are participating enthusiastically in the communist-linked holiday, “including mayor Eric Garcetti, state senator Kevin De Leon, and L.A. County supervisor Sheila Kuehl,” SCPR adds.
The May Day march is being billed as the next in a series of marches against President Donald Trump and his policies, starting with the “Women’s March, the Tax Day March, the March for Science and the Peoples Climate March.”
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Tensions on the Korean peninsula have been running high for weeks, with signs that the North might be preparing a long-range missile launch or a sixth nuclear test — and with Washington refusing to rule out a military strike in response.
A spokesman for the North’s foreign ministry said Pyongyang was “fully ready to respond to any option taken by the US”.
The regime will continue bolstering its “preemptive nuclear attack” capabilities unless Washington scrapped its hostile policies, he said in a statement carried by the state-run KCNA news agency.
“The DPRK’s measures for bolstering the nuclear force to the maximum will be taken in a consecutive and successive way at any moment and any place decided by its supreme leadership,” the spokesman added, apparently referring to a sixth nuclear test and using the North’s official name, the Democratic Republic of Korea.
The North has carried out five nuclear tests in the last 11 years and is widely believed to be making progress towards its dream of building a missile capable of delivering a warhead to the continental United States.
It raises the tone of its warnings every spring, when Washington and Seoul carry out joint exercises it condemns as rehearsals for invasion, but this time fears of conflict have been fuelled by a cycle of threats from both sides.
The joint drills have just ended, but naval exercises are continuing in the Sea of Japan (East Sea) with a US strike group led by the aircraft carrier US Carl Vinson.
The Pyongyang foreign ministry spokesman said if the North was not armed with “the powerful nuclear force”, Washington would have “committed without hesitation the same brigandish aggression act in Korea as what it committed against other countries”.
The statement reasserts the North’s long-running rhetoric on its military capabilities.
Seoul also regularly warns that Pyongyang can carry out a test whenever it decides to do so.
Pyongyang’s latest attempted show of force was a failed missile test on Saturday that came just hours after US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed the UN Security Council to do more to push the North into abandoning its weapons programme.
Tillerson warned the UN Security Council last week of “catastrophic consequences” if the world does not act and said that military options for dealing with the North were still “on the table”.
In an interview that aired Sunday on CBS television network’s “Face the Nation” programme, Trump said that if North Korea carries out another nuclear test “I would not be happy”.
Asked if “not happy” signified “military action”, Trump answered: “I don’t know. I mean, we’ll see.”



ARTICLE
Abbas makes the trip to Washington while politically unpopular back home, but hoping Trump can pressure Israel into concessions he believes are necessary to salvage a two-state solution to the decades long conflict.
PA officials have seen the Israeli-Palestinian conflict overshadowed by global concerns such as the Syrian war and the Islamic State terror group, and want Trump’s White House to bring it back to the forefront.
“Palestinians are hoping that Trump’s unpredictability might play in their favor,” one Jerusalem-based European official told AFP on condition of anonymity.
“They are going to be very disappointed. They can’t be sure of anything.”
Examples were seen early on, with Trump appearing to back away from the US commitment to the two-state solution when he met Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in February.
He said he would support a single state if it led to peace, delighting many Israeli right-wingers who want to see their country annex most of the West Bank.
Trump also vowed to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a prospect that alarmed Palestinians but which has been put on the back burner for now.
At the same time, he urged Israel to hold back on settlement building in the West Bank, a longstanding concern of Palestinians and the international community, who view settlements as an impediment to the eventual creation of a Palestinian state
One of Trump’s top advisers, Jason Greenblatt, held wide-ranging talks with both Israelis and Palestinians during a visit in March.
Abbas and Trump spoke by phone on March 11.
Pressuring Hamas?
Trump’s unpredictability is far from Abbas’s only concern, with polls suggesting most Palestinians want the 82-year-old to resign.
Abbas’s term was meant to expire in 2009, but he has remained in office with no elections held.
The bitter split between Abbas’s Fatah party, based in the West Bank, and Hamas, the Islamist terror group that runs the Gaza Strip, has also taken a new turn in recent days.
Some analysts say it seems Abbas is seeking to increase pressure on Hamas in the coastal strip, but he risks being blamed for worsening conditions in the enclave of two million people.
Israeli officials say the PA, which is dominated by Abbas’s Fatah party, has begun refusing to pay Israel for electricity it supplies to Gaza.
Rights activists and Israeli military officials have warned that exacerbating an already severe power shortage in the strip, which was been largely under an Israeli and Egyptian blockade for 10 years, could be catastrophic.
The reported move comes after the PA announced earlier in April it would temporarily cut stipends to its Gaza civil servants.
The PA said it was forced into cutbacks by falling foreign aid, but others alleged it could be aimed at stirring discontent in Gaza and destabilizing Hamas’s rule there.
Regional support
With those difficulties in mind, Abbas may face demands from Trump that could be “political suicide” for him to implement, the European official said.
Such demands may include stopping payments to families of Palestinian terrorists imprisoned by Israel, a policy heavily criticized by Netanyahu as encouraging further violence.
US lawmakers have also strongly condemned the stipends to the families of Palestinian terrorists and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham (South Carolina) reintroduced a bill in March that would cut off US funding to the PA as a result of the payments.
Doing so could further open Abbas to accusations of bending to Israel’s will, particularly with one of his rivals in Fatah, convicted terrorist Marwan Barghouti, leading a hunger strike involving hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails since April 17.
Barghouti is serving five life sentences over his role directing terror attacks in the Second Intifada, but he is popular and polls suggest he could win the presidency of the PA in an election.
Trump has spoken of reviving the idea of a regional peace initiative, pulling in countries such as Egypt and Jordan, the only two Arab nations to have signed peace treaties with Israel.
Both Abbas and Trump have recently met Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi and Jordanian King Abdullah II.
After meeting Abbas on Saturday, Sissi urged Washington to help restart negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
Jamal Shubaki, the PA ambassador to Egypt, said Abbas, Sissi and Abdullah shared the same goal of explaining “to the new American administration their attachment to the Arab peace initiative.”
The proposal made in 2002 holds out normalized ties between Arab nations and Israel in exchange for the creation of a Palestinian state with a capital in East Jerusalem, the return of refugees and other key Palestinian demands.
Abbas’s visit also comes amid speculation about when Trump will visit Israel.
Israeli officials and media have said that talks about a visit were underway, with the trip tentatively scheduled for May 22.



ARTICLE
Like other high-profile female visitors, Merkel did not cover her hair or wear a traditional flowing black robe upon arrival in the kingdom. She is expected to meet Saudi businesswomen during her two-day visit in a sign of support for women’s rights.
Merkel herself backs a ban in Germany on civil servants wearing face veils and on the face cover being worn in public schools, courts and while driving. Most Saudi women wear the full face veil, known as the niqab, in line with the kingdom’s conservative Wahhabi interpretation of Islam.
Merkel met King Salman in the Red Sea city of Jeddah and is scheduled to visit the United Arab Emirates on Monday. Saudi Arabia and the UAE are Germany’s largest trading partners in the Middle East.
During her talks with Gulf leaders, Merkel is expected to press them to do more to take in refugees and provide humanitarian relief for those fleeing conflict in Muslim-majority countries. Her country has provided refuge to hundreds of thousands of people from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan in recent years.
Merkel is also expected to raise the issue of Saudi Arabia’s funding for religious institutions that may be spreading a fundamentalist version of Islam around the world, including in countries such as Mali and Niger, said senior German officials who spoke on customary conditions of anonymity.
Saudi Arabia recently closed several institutional establishments in Germany following pressure from Berlin, including the private King Fahd Academy in the southern suburbs of Bonn. German authorities had previously expressed concern the school might be used to spread fundamentalist ideology.
Merkel is traveling with a business delegation that includes CEOs of major German companies. The kingdom is seeking to attract investment and diversify its economy away from oil, the backbone of its economy.
The official Saudi Press Agency reported the two sides signed a number of memorandums to enhance cooperation in the fields of technology, energy, business and security.
Despite a drop in oil prices that has forced the kingdom to curb spending, Saudi Arabia remains among the world’s top spenders on defense equipment. While there is no German moratorium on weapons exports to Saudi Arabia, the German government does review deals on a case-by-case basis to ensure any defense equipment sold cannot be used for internal repression.
Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen is also expected to feature in Merkel’s talks with the kingdom’s royals. For more than two years, the kingdom has been bombing Yemeni rebels aligned with Saudi Arabia’s regional Shiite rival, Iran.
Saudi Arabia and Iran also back opposite sides of the conflict in Syria. Germany was one of six international powers that negotiated a nuclear deal with Iran, in opposition to Saudi Arabia’s objections.



ARTICLE
“First of all, I never met anyone in New Jersey who paid any taxes,” the Boss told the Bosom Buddy at the Tribeca Film Festival in Manhattan. “We never paid any taxes.”
After Springsteen’s third album Born to Run simultaneously landed him on the cover of Time and Newsweek, the taxman took an interest in him, too. “They came after us,” he explained, “and I had to work for a couple years for somebody else every night.”
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer’s early aversion to the IRS preceded activism later in his career in which he sang in support of politicians seeking to raise taxes on Joe Roberts who works for the state out of barracks #8, the guy who got Mary pregnant down by the river, and Eddie who lent a few bucks to his friend to go to a meeting on the other side of the tunnel (not to mention Weak-Kneed Willie, Big-Bones Billy, Rosalita, Go-Kart Mozart, and Curly Wurly).
The leader of the E Street Band played two dates on 2004’s “Vote for Change” tour and performed a surprise serenade for Obama administration staffers on their last night in the White House. Springsteen displayed a “F— Trump” Constitution last year in Pittsburgh and in Perth praised the participants in January’s women’s march against Donald Trump as rallying “against hate and division and in support of tolerance, inclusion, reproductive rights, civil rights, racial justice, LGBTQ rights, the environment, wage equality, gender equality, healthcare, and immigrant rights. We stand with you. We are the new American resistance.”
Springsteen’s admission as an IRS scofflaw follows a controversy surrounding the property taxes on his Monmouth County, New Jersey home.
“Bruce Springsteen pays over $138,000 a year in taxes for his three-acre home in Colts Neck, New Jersey,” Jason Mattera wrote in his book Hollywood Hypocrites. “He owns another 200 adjoining acres. But because he has a part-time farmer come and grow a few tomatoes (organic, of course) and has horses, his tax bill on the remaining 200 acres is just $4,639 bucks. Do the math. By being a fake farmer, the working-class zero Springsteen is making a mint by robbing New Jersey of the antipoverty program funds he says they desperately need.”
Though overtly political themes seldom make their way into Springsteen’s songs—“American Skin (41 Shots),” which addressed the police killing of Amadou Diallo, and “Devils & Dust,” which explores a soldier’s experiences in Iraq, stand as two exceptions—marathon concerts increasingly witness marathon harangues regarding affirmative action, immigration, and other topics not on the official setlist.
Occasionally, the stage cannot contain his political expression, and the songwriter becomes op-ed writer.
“We granted tax cuts to the richest 1 percent (corporate bigwigs, well-to-do guitar players),” Springsteen complained in 2004 of the George W. Bush administration in the New York Times, “increasing the division of wealth that threatens to destroy our social contract with one another and render mute the promise of ‘one nation indivisible.’”
File under: 1111 Constitution Avenue Freeze Out.



ARTICLE
The U.S. territory made its last-ditch offer to try to avoid a May 1 bankruptcy filing, but failed to negotiate a financial restructuring that would force creditors to take a 23 percent loss on their general obligation bonds and a 42 percent loss on their Cofina sales-tax-backed debt, according to EMMA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board website.
Puerto Rico’s bond defaults last summer caused the Obama administration to team-up with a bipartisan majority in Congress to pass “The Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act” (PROMESA), which turned over the island’s finances to a federally appointed committee and created a “Title III” bankruptcy process.
Breitbart News reported that the big motivation for taking over America’s worst welfare den was the fear of up to a million Puerto Ricans migrating to the mainland” if hedge fund “vulture capitalist” investors, who bought up the island’s bonds debt at about 30 cents on the dollar, were able to use lawsuits to shake down the U.S. government for a bailout by jeopardizing the island’s ability to pay for schools, police officers and health care.
PROMESA gave the control board defacto authority to sell government assets, consolidate agencies, and fire government workers to restructure the island’s balance sheet. It also put a retroactive stay on bondholder lawsuits to grab assets liens.
One key reason Puerto Rico’s economy has imploded was that the Popular Democratic Party-controlled legislature made Spanish the official language in 1991 for all schools and government use. Partly as a result, 86 percent of the island does not speak English in the home and almost a third of the residents are on welfare. Poor language skills have prevented the reaction of call centers and other U.S. service businesses to Puerto Rico.
Puerto Rico Catholic Archbishop Roberto Gonzáleziocese and Reverend Heriberto Martínez, the head of the Puerto Rico Bible Society, issued a joint statement this week: “If the oversight board and Governor do not act by April 28th, we fear that Puerto Rico could be held hostage by predatory actors and ‘vulture’ funds.”
But negotiating a settlement with the vultures became much more difficult after August, when an new audit of the union controlled Puerto Rico Employees’ Retirement System and two smaller public pension plans revealed that there are only about $1.8 billion in assets to pay $45 billion in pension liabilities.
With about 1 in 10 Puerto Ricans either government public employees, retirees, or beneficiaries, the audit revealed that Democrat Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla spiked the island’s cash contribution to Puerto Rico’s pension plans from $400 million in 2015 to $747.3 million las July, rather than paying the defaulted bonds.
According to Jubilee USA’s executive director Eric LeCompte, who advises 650 local faith communities and worked on the Title III legislation, the Puerto Rico oversight board met in New York on April 28 to consider authorizing a Title III filing to prevent creditor lawsuits from liening the island’s assets and tax streams. He commented, “Puerto Rico’s time is almost up and it is the responsibility of the oversight board to now authorize the bankruptcy process.”
Prior to Puerto Rico, the largest public sector bankruptcies were: $19 billon on July 18, 2013 by the City of Detroit, Michigan; $4.2 on November 9, 2011 by Jefferson County, Alabama; and $2.6 billion on December 6, 1994 by Orange County, California.



ARTICLE
Nicholas Paggi, 24, died after he slipped and fell while trying to climb MIT’s roof near the dome, CBS Boston reported.
His mother, Helga Paggi, said her son climbed the dome as part of a prank.
Paggi was working as a software engineer and had graduated in 2015 with “degrees in computer science & engineering and physics,” MIT’s student newspaper the Tech reports.
“He was one of the greatest computer programmers I’ve worked with,” Dr. Rich Fletcher said. “He was a great mentor to all students, it’s such a loss to all of us.”
“Paggi had been involved with MIT’s D-Lab, which prototypes technologies to alleviate poverty,” and remained involved with the project as a consultant after graduation.
Fletcher also said Paggi was known for his sense of humor.
The university president also acknowledged the former student’s death.
“Our hearts go out to Nicholas’s family and friends as they cope with this unexpected loss,” Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s President Rafael Reif wrote in an email.



ARTICLE
The bill, introduced in both the Assembly and the Senate, would require the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance (NYSDTF) to “release five years of state tax information” for all statewide elected officials, including the President of the United States, within 30 days of their taking office, the Associated Press reported.
The bill would also require these office holders’ returns to be released for each year going forward.
New York state “is in a unique position to change the national conversation” because President Trump is a native New Yorker, said Sen. Brad Hoylman (D-Manhattan), who sponsored the Senate version of the bill.
“This is drawing a line in the sand: Are you for transparency or not?” Hoylman said. “This is an issue of national security.”
The Democrat-majority Assembly is likely to support the bill, but the measure is not likely to gain much favor in the Republican-led Senate.
The GOP is “always happy to have a serious discussion about what constitutes sound public policy for the state of New York, but this sounds like a P.R. stunt,” said Senate Republican spokesman Scott Reif.
The requirement would also apply to the state’s two U.S. senators and top state officials, such as Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (D) and Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D), but it stops short of requiring all public officials at the state and local levels to release their tax returns, the Albany Times Union reported.
Schneiderman and Cuomo have released their tax returns voluntarily for years.
State and federal tax returns are considered personal information and are not subject to public scrutiny, although every president since former President Jimmy Carter has released his tax returns.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday that Trump “has no intention” of releasing his tax returns to the public and that Americans already have “plenty of information” about his finances.
Trump has said that he would release his tax returns only after the Internal Revenue Service completes an “audit” of them.



ARTICLE
“US Pacific Commander Admiral Harry Harris has said he needs more munitions to keep up the intensive operations” against ISIS terrorists in Iraq and Syria, the Daily Mail reported.
Admiral Harris said most of his munitions have gone towards operations against ISIS.
“We are short in ‘here-and-now’ basic munitions like small diameter bombs. Our near-peer competitors continue to modernize their weapons systems and leverage new technologies to close capability gaps between us and them,” Admiral Harris told the Senate Armed Services Committee in a statement Thursday.
According to Admiral Harris, priority munitions include “long-range and stand-off strike weapons, anti-ship weapons, advanced air to air munitions, theater ballistic/cruise missile defense, torpedoes, naval mines, and a Cluster Munitions replacement.”
Admiral Harris said the U.S. should also invest in “torpedoes and mines as well as developing systems to defeat incoming missiles.”
But this shortage of bombs is nothing new. The Pentagon has warned for almost a year that the intensive bombing of ISIS targets around the world could cause a shortage. The Air Force experienced a similar problem with “depleted munitions stockpiles” in December 2015.



ARTICLE
“Incorrect,” one source told Breitbart News when asked about reports from the Washington Examiner and CNN that Gorka was leaving the White House.
A second White House source with direct knowledge of these matters confirmed to Breitbart News that the reports are wrong.
The Washington Examiner’s Sarah Westwood reported on Sunday that Gorka, an ex-Breitbart News national security editor, was leaving the White House for another federal agency.
“Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to President Trump, will soon accept a position outside the White House, two sources told the Washington Examiner on Sunday,” Westwood wrote:
Gorka’s new role will deal with the “war of ideas” involved in countering radical Islamic extremism, a senior administration official said, and will entail an appointment to a federal agency.
Gorka has served for months on the Strategic Initiatives Group, an internal organization within the White House, and as a national security adviser. His exit from the White House comes amid increased speculation that a reported lack of a security clearance prevented him from fully performing in his job.
But a source told the Washington Examiner that Gorka’s role in SIG was always meant to be temporary, and suggested he had been placed there while administration officials created a terrorism-related position for him elsewhere in the government. An official said Gorka has been in a “holding pattern” while he waited for the position, which will not be at the State Department, to be established.
A spokesman for the National Security Council said he did not “personally know” the details about Gorka’s move.
A White House source said Gorka’s role has always been unclear and said Gorka never had national security issues in his portfolio. “This guy has always been a big mystery to me,” the source said of Gorka’s contributions to the staff.
It turns out that these sources had inaccurate information. So did “administration officials” who talked anonymously to CNN, which published a similar report.
“Sebastian Gorka, a controversial national security aide in the White House, is expected to leave his job, several administration officials confirm to CNN,” CNN’s Jim Acosta and Eric Bradner wrote on Sunday. “One senior administration official said Gorka is expected to find an opportunity outside the White House soon. Another said it’s possible he would take another job in the administration, but added it’s more likely he will leave altogether. That official said Gorka was simply generating too much controversy for the White House.”
Gorka has been under constant assault from the left, including many media attacks that falsely claimed he has anti-semitic ties. But a BuzzFeed report from Mitch Prothero in Hungary found that Gorka actually has no anti-semitic or Nazi ties, despite scores of inaccurate reports and claims from left-wing organizations that he did.



ARTICLE
Transgender rights activist Mariah Lopez (born Brian Lopez) is suing the city over a claim that a homeless shelter rejected a request to bring the animal inside the shelter. After the rejection, Lopez claims to have been “forced” to take up prostitution to care for the dog.
Lopez claimed to be “forced” into “sex work” to afford the cost of boarding his dog Chica when the Bronx shelter rejected the animal.
Despite Lopez’s claim that the acts of prostitution are recent, the New York Post notes that Lopez has at least six prostitution arrests going back as far as 2004.
In the lawsuit, Lopez says the city is violating the Americans With Disabilities Act by barring entry to the dog, but officials for the city counter that there is no proof that the dog is a service animal, which would qualify it to be welcomed into the shelter.
“We do not believe it is a service animal. We do not believe it performs any task,” a city lawyer said in a recent court hearing.
Lopez claims that “sex work” is necessary to pay for traveling between the shelter and the kennel where the dog is boarded, but city attorneys say that the dog issue “is not a blank check to act like a jerk.”
Still, despite their stance in court, it appears that the city is clearing the way to allow the dog to stay in the shelter with Lopez.
The move to reverse course and allow the dog into the shelter had Lopez celebrating on Facebook. “I won. I woooon,” Lopez said in a video posted on Facebook. “Bitch, I always win!”
Lopez has filed, and won, at least half a dozen lawsuits against the city in the last ten years, including a lawsuit that forced the city to pay $20,000 for sex change procedures. The Post says Lopez has won up to $51,000 from the city in lawsuits filed since 2004.
In 2008, Lopez was at the center of a charge that jailers at Rikers prison were giving special treatment to an accused cop-killer.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
This is the same position our Founding Fathers held; the same position they all supported with their signatures when signing the Declaration of Independence, which says:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.–That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed.
It is crucial to note two things in this portion of the Declaration: 1.  Thomas Jefferson sourced our rights in our “Creator,” not in government or in a majority vote of the population. 2. Jefferson sourced government’s power in the people. In other words, governments possess powers, not rights, and the U.S. government only has power because the people lend it a portion of the authority that they possess by birth.
And the authority which the people lend government never communicates permission to infringe on the rights with which the people were endowed. (This is why James Madison used Federalist 46 to stress that “ultimate authority…resides in the people alone.”)
Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense. Marty told Breitbart News that the Second Amendment must be protected because it is sourced in our Creator. He juxtaposed Second Amendment rights with the gospel and said that he views it as his job to protect both because both flow to us from God.
Marty said, “We are in business, we believe, to be a supporter of the gospel. And, therefore, a supporter of the Second Amendment. In other words, not only do we have these Second Amendment rights because God gives them to us but also the gospel.” Marty went on to stress his conviction that Daniel Defense “[supports] the freedom of the gospel by supporting the Second Amendment.”
It is interesting to note that President Donald Trump struck a similar tone when speaking to the NRA-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28. Trump said, “Freedom is not a gift from government, freedom is a gift from God.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The May Day protest by illegal aliens goes back to 2006 when “1.5 million people took to the streets across the country to demand immigration reform,” left-wing magazine The Nation reported on Friday.
Now, protesters aren’t asking for a pathway to citizenship.
“Today, no one, not even immigrants rights advocates, is calling for immigration reform anymore,” Nation contributor Julianne Hing  wrote . “Immigrants and their allies are now defending civil rights like due process and values like democracy and inclusiveness.
“The policy agenda is no longer about winning citizenship or even legal status for the nation’s 11 million undocumented immigrants,” the article said. “It’s about defending families from separation.”
This year’s march will also include other protesters opposed to President Trump’s rule-of-law policies on immigration.
“With the Trump administration intensifying attacks on Native Americans, immigrants, refugees, trans individuals, Muslims, women, people of color in general, and the poor, a coalition led by immigrants and workers is aiming to mark this year’s May Day with the biggest workers strike in over a decade,” The Nation article said.
“One thing I’ve been struck by since the election is everyone is ready to see how these different movements intersect,” Jack Darin, director of the Illinois chapter of the Sierra Club said in the article, and he cited the Women’s March shortly after Trump’s inauguration as the prototype for their protest. “Our members see how our struggles and our goals intersect with these other constituencies.”
“It showed a lot of people at a moment when we really needed to see it that we were all in this together and combined, we really do represent the majority,” Darin said.
“As immigrants our livelihoods, our futures, our families—they’re all in danger,” Jorge-Mario Cabrera, the director of communications at Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA), said in The Nation article. “May Day presents an opportunity for us to not silence ourselves and to remain vigilant.”
Organizers behind the “Day Without Immigrants” protest in February are calling again for people to not report to work on Monday.
“Activists in Scranton, Pennsylvania; Raleigh, North Carolina; and Newark, New Jersey and dozens of other cities have been calling for a one-day strike,” The Nation reported in an article entitled “How to Join the ‘Day Without Immigrants’ on May Day.”
“We believe that when the country recognizes it depends on immigrant labor to function we will win permanent protection from deportation for the 11 million undocumented immigrants; the right to travel freely to visit our loved ones abroad, and the right to be treated with dignity and respect,” Movimiento Cosecha’s Maria Fernanda Cabello in a statement included in the article.
“Immigrant, African American, LGBTQ, indigenous and women workers along with allies are striking on May 1,” the bsolid.org website states.
“#may1strike is an invitation from the Food Chain Workers Alliance and SEIU USWW to build a General Strike on International Workers Day. Stand with us to pledge your participation … ”
The website states that people said should not be silent when the government and corporations are escalating “immigration raids,” violating “Native sovereignty,” banning Muslims “because of their faith,” “criminalizing” black, brown and “trans people,” and “rapidly destroying the environment.”
“Opposing Trump is not enough,” the website states. “We must stop him.”



ARTICLE
According to the San Diego Union-Tribune, Saturday’s People’s Climate March march was a smaller draw than last weekend’s March for Science, which saw a crowd of approximately 15,000 people in San Diego “but more restrained tenor.” The Tribune noted that Saturday’s climate change march attendees were far more aggressive in their message opposing President Trump than those who attended rallies the weekend before.
The day was particularly noteworthy, as it marked Trump’s 100th day in office.
“Let’s not say the hundredth day of Trump. It’s the hundredth day of resistance, and it’s not going to stop,” state Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez Fletcher (D-San Diego) reportedly said at San Diego’s Waterfront Park.
Meanwhile, in Northern California, over 2,000 activists gathered at Oakland’s Lake Merritt for a coinciding rally, organized by the People’s Climate Movement Bay Area, to march for greater action to combat climate change and the organize against Trump. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, “[t]he culminating action came at 3:30 p.m. with an attempt to form a human chain around the lake. But they fell short of the 3,000 people needed and settled for a march around the lake.”
Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) of Oakland reportedly rallied the crowd with a brief but intense speech.
Washington, D.C. drew the largest crowd of protesters nationwide. The Washington Post reported that tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered at the Capitol and marched along 14th Street.
The Post noted that chants of “Hey hey, ho ho, Scott Pruitt has got to go,” “Resistance is here to stay, welcome to your 100th day,” and “The oceans are rising and so are we!” filled the air.
Leonardo DiCaprio, Al Gore and Richard Branson were reportedly among celebrities who attended.
A Denver march was conducted in the midst of a late spring snowstorm.
The Peoples Climate March originated in New York in September 2014.
The Post noted that Saturday’s heat in D.C. was a record high for April 29.
President Trump, who was speaking at a rally in Pennsylvania on Saturday, has already rolled back several of his predecessor’s climate policies, and signaled to the crowd that he would consider withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement of 2015.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
Nate Hunter, 34, was convicted of burglary, attempted murder, criminal sexual conduct with a child, and illegal possession of a gun for the April 2014 break-in of a home in West Columbia, South Carolina, according to Fox Carolina.
Police had charged Hunter under the suspicion that he broke into the home and ordered the mother and the little girl to strip naked. He then grabbed the girl to molest her, but the child’s mother attacked. Police said Hunter then shot the woman five times.
Despite being severely wounded, the enraged mother was able to fight the suspect off and push him out of the home.
In court, prosecutors said Hunter left a stocking cap behind after he fled and DNA linked the cap to the suspect. Hunter’s DNA was already in the CODIS system and the match led police to arrest him as a suspect, WLTX 19 reported.
Once arrested, police were also able to test a .40 caliber pistol in his possession and found it matching the bullets recovered at the scene of the home invasion.
Both the mother and the now 9-year-old girl testified against Hunter during the court proceedings.
Addressing the court, the little girl’s mother said that Hunter had “forever stolen her daughter’s security and innocence.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
Around 80 people lost their positions in the department, including 50 full-time workers and 30 contractors, in a move that is unheard of in the public sector, where offsourcing is much less common than in the private sector. UCSF hired the India-based firm HCL to handle its services instead of the American workers.
Randall Strauss from Gwilliam Ivary Chiosso Cavalli & Brewer, the attorney representing the ex-employees, argued that “to take a workforce that is overwhelmingly over the age of 40 and replace them with folks who are mainly in their 20s – early 20s, in fact – we think is age discrimination.” The group also represents and “reflects the diversity of California” – to allow them to be “replaced with people who come from one particular part of the world” is discrimination based on their national origin, continued Strauss. The lawsuit will be filed in Alameda County Superior Court.
On Wednesday, details about UCSF’s financial situation emerged that may help the IT workers in their case. A report by a California state auditor found an undisclosed $175 million in funds in the university’s budget; the outsourcing would be estimated to save $10 million a year for the next 5 years.
The lead counsel on the case, J. Gary Gwilliam, released a statement on the subject of the university funding:
It is unbelievable to me that a public university would ship good American jobs overseas by telling the fired workers, the Regents, the Legislature and public of a crying need to save money, while at the same time maintaining a secret slush fund of $175 million dollars which would more than cover the cost of keeping all these jobs in California, leaving more than enough money leftover to cover the needs of the University and its students.
Similar lawsuits have been popping up around the country recently. In December, former IT workers at Disney filed a lawsuit against the company, claiming that American workers were being discriminated against in favor of hiring H-1B visa workers from overseas. Some staff members even alleged that they were forced to train their foreign replacements before being allowed to take their redundancy check.
Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.



ARTICLE
Unity is always easier in victory than in defeat, and Donald Trump’s surprise win in November helped avert a split within the movement. The presence of hundreds of left-wing protesters, expected outside the local convention center, will also remind participants of our common cause.
But there is some unfinished business of the 2016 election in the conservative movement.
Until about 9:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on November 8, the pro-Trump and NeverTrump factions of the movement fully expected to spend the next several years fighting over who was to blame for what many expected was a certain Trump loss. The NeverTrump side was the more vociferous of the two, and made clear they would punish Trump supporters for their doomed choice.
In September 2016, several weeks before Election Day, I wrote a column at Breitbart News in which I urged those on both sides of the divide to forgive each other before the first ballots were case.
“It is difficult to see what benefit can come from assigning blame to either side of the pro-Trump/NeverTrump divide,” I wrote. I concluded: “Regardless, forgiveness has the moral power to strengthen us, and our country — if we have the courage to offer and seek it.”
I am pleased to say that I did exchange a few letters and e-mails with some people with whom I had disagreements throughout the course of the election — though some, sadly, were not interested in mending fences.
Since Election Day, several NeverTrump conservatives who attacked me, or Breitbart News, during the campaign offered their apologies. Of course, I accepted. There is so more to gain from forgiveness than blame, and more that unites us than divides us.
There are still some in the NeverTrump wing of the movement who are seizing on every perceived mistake by the new administration as proof that they were, in fact, correct to doubt Trump.
Some of that criticism is healthy, and necessary. It will help conservatives hold him accountable to the pledges Trump made to earn the support — grudging, at times — of conservative voters. Some of it is mere sour grapes.
Regardless, we should debate it all, and reason be our guide.
It is fitting that the Inland Empire be the location for a conference on conservative unity — because this is where the fault lines among conservatives were deepest.
This area is what I called “Cruzifornia,” the conservative heartland that Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) was counting on for delegates before his campaign-ending loss in Indiana. As I described it last April:
… the Inland Empire, once Ground Zero of the subprime mortgage crisis, is now America’s fastest-growing industrial center. Young families are buying their first homes there, preferring long commutes to prohibitive L.A. prices. They are, against all odds, still optimistic. These are voters with a stake in a failing state and a failed party.
Trump voters tended to live in places where there was no hope for conservatives. Cruz voters still believed. How ironic, and tragic, that the divide was really a fight about whether to believe in our future. That still needs to be addressed.
What is also important is to realize why Trump won: because even people who had lost faith in the system went out and voted.
The Bible tells a similar story — one that Jewish congregations all over the world read this past Saturday. II Kings 7 tells the story of four Israelite lepers cast out of the city of Samaria, which was starving under an Aramean siege. In desperation, they approached the Aramean camp — and scared them away, saving themselves and the city.
Those “deplorables” believed they were doomed — but even then, they took action. That is what happened in America, too, last November.
And conservatives should take note. That is not a constituency the movement can afford to ignore.
Beyond that, the ongoing effort by the left to silence conservative free speech — on campus, and here today — provides a unique rallying point for conservatives to set aside our differences, and fight.
United on that issue, we cannot lose.
It is important, also, for us to reach out, where possible, on a personal level, to those in the conservative movement with whom we may have had disagreements in the past. By doing so, we will be doing more than healing the divide amongst ourselves. We will also be setting the example for an increasingly divided nation, where politics has begun to intrude into the workplace and family life in an aggressive, destructive way.
In forgiveness, and unity, we can show the way.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Martin B. Santiago, a 49-year-old from the Dominican Republic did not show up for his criminal trial in Essex Superior Court on Thursday. He faces charges of fraudulently selling food stamps and laundering money out of his three stores in Lawrence, Massachusetts, the Boston Herald reported. The local newspaper reported Santiago to be an “illegal immigrant.”
When Santiago did not come to court, state investigators found that he “forcibly removed” the GPS monitoring apparatus about 6 a.m. that morning, the Boston newspaper reported. Despite being an illegal immigrant, court officials released the Dominican national on a $75,000 cash bond.
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) investigators became suspicious of Santiago, and his co-conspirators, after his stores reported counter sales they said were unusually high for a convenience store. The USDA oversees the food stamp program. Investigators found the majority of their individual sales in amounts greater than $100, the Eagle Tribune reported following Santiago’s arrest in 2015.
“These are small convenience stores with no (grocery) carriages and a small checkout area,” Assistant District Attorney Philip Mallard told the Eagle Tribune. “It’s hard to get to $100 in groceries without a carriage.”
The stores also had unusual sales-to-expense ratios, investigators said. The USDA reported Santiago’s businesses ran $2.19 million in food stamp sales over a three-year period. However, their expenses for inventory costs only totaled $300,000.
“It’s an astronomical rate of return for a convenience store,” Essex District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett said in a statement reported by the Eagle Tribune.
The Violent Fugitive Apprehension Section of the Massachusetts State Police Department has issued a “Wanted” notice for Santiago. The 5-foot-11 inch Hispanic male weighs about 190 pounds and has black hair and brown eyes. Santiago speaks Spanish and has used the names Mark Santiago and Martin Billone Santiago.
Anyone having information about Santiago’s location can call the state police in Massachusetts at (800) 527-8873. Santiago reportedly has connections to the city of Methuen, as well as Lawrence. These municipalities are both located in Essex County.
Santiago faces charges of money laundering, three counts of food stamp trafficking, and three counts of larceny over $250.
Food stamp fraud can be a big business for unscrupulous store owners.
In late February, a federal judge sentenced George Rafidi, 62, to 33 months in prison for his $2.8 million food stamp fraud scheme. Breitbart News reported that authorities investigated him after store audits revealed that his establishment redeemed more than ten times the amount of food stamps than larger stores in his area took in. Agents found that Rafidi would exchange food stamps for cash and allow food stamp recipients to use the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits to purchase tobacco and alcohol. A federal grand jury also indicted a store clerk and approximately 30 food stamp recipients. Rafidi is also serving an additional 94-months for brandishing a firearm at federal agents who were investigating him
In early April, a Mexican citizen in Hartford, Connecticut, was found guilty of food stamp fraud and sentenced to 30 months in federal prison. He also allowed customers to redeem food stamps for cash. He collected over $3.2 million during an 18-month period. He was ordered to pay $1.5 million in restitution.
A New Jersey man, Miguel Antonio Azcona, pleaded guilty in late January to defrauding the federal government of more than $800,000 in a food stamp-for-cash scam.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.



ARTICLE
The “Possible Foreign Military Sale” would include 13 76-mm naval guns, as well as a variety of naval maintenance materials and tools, technical, logistics and support services, operations and maintenance training and other related supplies and services requested by the Israeli government, the agency said.
“The United States is committed to the security of Israel,” said the press release. “And it is vital to U.S. national interests to assist Israel to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability. … This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic regional partner that has been, and continues to be, an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Middle East.”
The agency said the equipment “will improve Israel’s capability to meet current and future threats in the defense of its borders and territorial waters. The naval guns will be installed on Israeli Navy Sa’ar-4.5 and Sa’ar-6 missile patrol boats. One gun will be located at an Israeli naval training center to be used for training maintenance personnel.”
In September, Israel and the U.S. signed a landmark defense contract worth $38 billion over 10 years.
In accordance with the deal, Israel will receive $3.1 billion in foreign military financing this year, followed by $3.3 billion in subsequent years, plus $500 million designated to missile defense.



ARTICLE
“I thank all 100 US senators for standing up for Israel at the UN. #keepit100,” Netanyahu tweeted.

I thank all 100 US senators for standing up for Israel at the UN. #keepit100
— Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) April 28, 2017

“Once again, America has stood strongly by Israel, and stood up for truth and justice,” Danon said in a statement. “It is time to finally put an end to the UN’s biased approach towards Israel.”
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman also praised the letter, writing on his Facebook page, “The senators’ letter is another proof of the deep friendship between the United States and Israel and the shared values of the two countries. The senators are worthy of every appreciation for their firm stance. It is time for the United Nations and its institutions to stop the onslaught of hypocrisy and the bias against the State of Israel.”
In the strongly-worded letter, the senators called for Guterres to “engage member states in a comprehensive effort to directly confront and root out” anti-Israel bias at the international organization and see that “Israel is treated neither better nor worse than any other UN member in good standing.”
“Although, as Republicans and Democrats, we disagree on many issues, we are united in our desire to see the United Nations improve its treatment of Israel and to eliminate anti-Semitism in all its forms,” the letter said.
“As both the UN’s principal founding member and its largest contributor, the United States should insist on reform,” the letter added. “We are deeply committed to international leadership and to advancing respect for human rights. But continued targeting of Israel by the UN Human Rights Council and other UN entities is unacceptable.”
The letter, authored by Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Christopher A. Coons (D-Del.), called for concrete steps including the removal of Agenda Item 7, which mandates that the UNHRC debate alleged Israeli human rights abuses at every session.
The senator’s letter also praised U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley for her efforts towards combating anti-Israel bias.



ARTICLE
U.S. Consul General Valerie Fowler spoke of the sacrifices made and the enduring legacy of Coral Sea for the American alliance during a service in Australia on Saturday before reading the message from the president, the ABC reports.
“Melania and I send best wishes to the wonderful people of Australia on this important occasion,” the message said.
On Tuesday, a delegation of Australian survivors from the epic battle will be in New York to join Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull for a Coral Sea memorial service on board retired US Naval carrier Intrepid, which will also be attended by Mr. Trump.
It almost certainly will be the last major commemoration to be attended by those who fought in one of the great sea battles of World War II that also re-defined the nature of naval warfare.
The Battle of the Coral Sea was fought entirely by aircraft attacking ships; the opposing ships did not make visual contact or exchange direct fire at any time.
The air-sea battle was contested between May 4 and May 8, 1942. It came about after the Japanese despatched an invasion fleet to take Port Moresby, Papua in early May, 1942. They also sent a carrier force to patrol into the Coral Sea to intercept any American carriers sent to thwart their planned attack. The Japanese landed at Tulagi in the Solomons on May 2 as their invasion fleet, protected by carrier air support, headed towards Port Moresby on the south coast of Papua.
The Allies had cracked the main Japanese codes and deciphered Japanese radio messages. This enabled an American carrier force, supported by Australian cruisers and destroyers, to wait and intercept the invaders after Admiral Chester Nimitz, Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Pacific Fleet, had ordered his two available carrier groups, Rear Admiral Frank Fletcher’s Task Force 17, built around USS Yorktown and Rear Admiral Aubrey Fitch’s Task Force 11, centred on USS Lexington, into the Coral Sea.
The Allied group was under the command of Rear Admiral Fletcher of the United States Navy (USN). Rear Admiral John Crace commanded the Australian heavy cruisers Hobart and Australia in the joint taskforce.
On 7 May, American aircraft sank the Japanese auxiliary carrier Shoho. The next day the Japanese located and attacked the American carrier USS Lexington, which caught fire and sank (pictured) later the same afternoon. Both the American carrier USS Yorktown and the Japanese carrier Shokaku were damaged on May 8. The Japanese withdrew soon after.
Over four days more than 70 aircraft and ships were destroyed, but the Japanese advance south was successfully halted and the prospect of an invasion of Australia ended.
More importantly, it was the first time the Japanese had been halted during their southwards advance across the Pacific.
 



ARTICLE
The image was posted on the Facebook page of Maria Szonert Binienda, recently named honorary consul in Akron, Ohio. The news agency PAP reported Sunday that she has been suspended from that position and that further decisions will be decided after Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski returns from a visit to Australia.
Szonert Binienda told The Associated Press in an email that she never posted the altered image of Tusk and believes her account was hacked because she can’t access it anymore.
“I did not make a photo of Donald Tusk as SS-man. I am against promoting SS symbols and ideologies. I am against using the words like ‘fascism’ in the public political discourse today. I am against comparing our politicians to Hitler,” she wrote to the AP.
Szonert Binienda was named to her post by Poland’s conservative ruling Law and Justice party, whose leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski is a long-time political rival of Tusk’s.
Kaczynski has faulted Tusk for how he handled the aftermath of the 2010 plane crash in Russia that killed his brother, President Lech Kaczynski, and 95 other people.
After winning the 2015 election, the party opened a new investigation into the crash, previously found to be an accident, believing that the original probe didn’t answer all questions. Some party leaders believe there could have been foul play by Russia.
Szonert Binienda’s husband, Wieslaw Binienda, a scientist and engineer, is a member of the government commission that is again looking into the plane crash near Smolensk, Russia.
“I am being subjected to media assassination over my involvement in the Smolensk matter,” Szonert Binienda told the AP. “However, I am also for the freedom of speech expressed in the responsible manner. Therefore, I am concerned that this media onslaught on me has a chilling effect to suppress the criticism of Donald Tusk as a politician who cares more about the interest of Germany than Poland.”
One of Tusk’s grandfathers served briefly in the German Wehrmacht during World War II, something Law and Justice has used against him. The grandfather had also been forced into labor by the Germans and was in a concentration camp.



ARTICLE
The Information and Communication Technologies Authority (BTK) said an Ankara court ordered Saturday that a “protection measure” related to suspected internet crimes be applied to Wikipedia. Such measures are used to block access to pages or entire websites to protect “national security and public order.”
In response, Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales tweeted his support for those who labeled the decision censorship: “Access to information is a fundamental human right. Turkish people I will always stand with you to fight for this right.”
Turkey Blocks, an internet censorship monitor, said users in Turkey have been unable to access all language editions of Wikipedia since 8 a.m. Saturday.
“The loss of availability is consistent with internet filters used to censor content in the country,” the monitor said.
The site had initially been blocked by BTK under a provisional administration measure.
The exact reason for the ban remains unclear. But Turkey’s official news agency, quoting the Ministry of Transport, Maritime Affairs and Communications, said Saturday the site was blocked for “becoming an information source acting with groups conducting a smear campaign against Turkey in the international arena.”
The state-run Anadolu Agency said officials had warned Wikipedia to remove content likening Turkey to terror groups but the site “persistently” did not.
Turkey had demanded that Wikipedia open an office in the country, act in line with international law and abide by court decisions and not be part of “blackout operation against Turkey,” according to the agency.
Anadolu said if these demands are met and the content removed, the site would be reopened.
Opposition lawmakers also criticized the court order. Republican People’s Party parliamentarians Eren Erdem tweeted the ban puts “Turkey in line with North Korea” while Baris Yarkadas called it “censorship and a violation of the right to access information.”
Turkey’s status is listed as “not free” on the 2016 Freedom on the Net index by independent rights watchdog Freedom House. It says over 111,000 websites were blocked as of May last year.
Wikipedia, a collaborative online reference work, says it is ranked among the 10 most popular websites.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
The Daily Show correspondent called Trump the “liar-in-chief,” ripped the president’s immigration policy, and fired off several personal insults at Vice President Mike Pence and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
“Welcome to the series finale of the White House Correspondents’ Dinner,” Minhaj’s politically-charged monologue began.
“The leader of our country is not here. And that’s because he lives in Moscow,” Minhaj said to applause from the crowd of celebrities, politicians, and journalists, many of them from the country’s largest media organizations.

.@HasanMinhaj: "The leader of our country is not here — And that’s because he lives in Moscow" #WHCD2017 pic.twitter.com/GbzB0YhB9v
— Hollywood Reporter (@THR) April 30, 2017

President Trump was headlining a first 100 days rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania — his absence from the WHCD marks the first time in 36 years that a sitting president has missed the event.
“I think he’s in Pennsylvania because he can’t take a joke” Minhaj said of the commander-in-chief.

“This event is about celebrating the first amendment and free speech,” Minhaj said.

.@HasanMinhaj: “This event is about celebrating the first amendment and free speech” #WHCD2017 pic.twitter.com/v3v6VDl8f0
— Hollywood Reporter (@THR) April 30, 2017

“Donald Trump doesn’t care about free speech,” he added.

Hasan Minhaj: "Donald Trump doesn't care about free speech." #WHCD2017 pic.twitter.com/VtgWdIQz5H
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) April 30, 2017

Minhaj said he was asked not to mock the Trump White House in the president’s absence from the event, but he wasted no time taking aim at Pence, saying the Vice President’s wife wouldn’t let him attend the annual event “because apparently one of you ladies is ovulating.”

Minhaj: "Mike Pence wanted to be here tonight but his wife wouldn't let him, because apparently one of you ladies is ovulating." #WHCD2017 pic.twitter.com/hHbOTnPdOE
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) April 30, 2017

“He tweets at 3 a.m. sober. Who is tweeting at 3 a.m. sober?” Minhaj said of the president. “Donald Trump – because it’s 10 a.m. in Russia. Those are business hours.”
The crowd of journalists cringed as Minhaj turned his scorn toward Sessions.
“Jeff Sessions could not be here tonight. He is doing a pre-civil war enactment. On his RSVP he wrote, ‘No.’ Just ‘no’ — Which happens to be his second favorite n-word,” Minhaj said to an audible groan from the crowd.
Minhaj also called White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon a Nazi.
“Now a lot of people think that Steve Bannon is the reason Donald Trump is a racist,” he said. “That is not true. Is he here? I do not see Steve Bannon. I do not see Steve Bannon. Not see. Nazi Steve Bannon. Nazi Steve Bannon.”

Chutzpah. At WHCD Hasan Minhaj's referring to 'Nazi Steve Bannon', and you're wondering why Trump's not attending. pic.twitter.com/GyWqCEMXhC
— Michael Lieberman (@mlonpolitics) April 30, 2017

White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was also slammed during Minhaj’s screed.
“Spicer isn’t here tonight because I think he’s at home Googling how to fake his own death,” he said.
Minhaj, who is a Muslim, opened his monologue with a joke about the speculation that former President Barack Obama is a Muslim.
“Who would have thought with everything going on in the country right now that a Muslim would be standing on this stage for a ninth year in a row, baby,” Minhaj joked.
“Only in America can a first generation Indian Muslim kid get on this stage and make fun of the president — the orange man behind the Muslim ban,” he added.
The Comedy Central star also roasted Fox News and slammed the network’s former primetime anchor Bill O’Reilly.
“I’m amazed Fox News even showed up—It’s hard to trust you guys when you backed a man like Bill O’Reilly for years,” Minhaj said to audible boos from the audience. “You gave O’Reilly a $25M severance package — only package he won’t force a woman to touch.”

.@HasanMinhaj: "I’m amazed Fox News even showed up—It’s hard to trust you guys when you backed a man like Bill O’Reilly for years" #WHCD2017 pic.twitter.com/aE6IyB1hk3
— Hollywood Reporter (@THR) April 30, 2017

 
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson



ARTICLE

After rating the media’s first 100 days performance, Trump highlighted his own achievements, “For the last 100 days, my administration has been delivering every single day for the great citizens of our country.” The President mentioned putting coal miners back to work, protecting America’s steel and aluminum, eliminating regulations, and “keeping one promise after another.”

Trump criticized the prior administration for leaving him with a troubled state of affairs.
The President spoke of his meeting with China’s President Xi Jinping in Florida and addressed why he has not yet fulfilled a campaign promise to label China as a currency manipulator. Trump pointed out that he is currently negotiating with Xi regarding pushing back against North Korea’s nuclear program. “I think it’s not exactly the right time to call China a currency manipulator right now, do we agree?” The statement was met with cheers from the crowd.
“Now arrives the hour of action,” said Trump, “and that is what we’ve delivered, 100 days of action.”

Trump began reviewing the actions of his administration in its first 100 days:
We are ending the offshoring and bringing back our beautiful, wonderful, great American jobs. We are eradicating the criminal gangs and cartels that have infiltrated our country… we’re taking steps to renegotiate or cancel any agreement that fails to protect American interests.
He went on to declare that the U.S. has built strong relationships with foreign countries, specifically naming Germany, Japan, China and the U.K.
He cited his appointment of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States and his quick move to remove the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. “That would have taken your jobs in Pennsylvania,” said Trump. “The TPP would have been a tremendous disaster for our country.”
He brought up the administration’s recently initiated investigations into “foreign steel dumping and aluminum dumping throughout our country.”
“We are reviewing every single trade deal and wherever there is cheating we will take immediate action and there will be penalties,” said Trump.
He spoke of the recently started renegotiation of NAFTA that followed his threat to leave the agreement. “We will renegotiate NAFTA… we have been on the wrong side of the NAFTA deal with Canada and with Mexico for many, many years, many decades, we can’t allow it to happen.” Trump resolved that the U.S. will leave NAFTA “if we don’t get a good deal and a fair deal for our country.”
“We have millions and millions of dollars in unpaid duties to be collected at the border from countries that break the rules and that’s just starting,” said Trump. “We just want fairness.”
After noting that “[His] directors will put brand new Pennsylvania steel into the spine of America,” Trump continued, saying he has followed through on his campaign promise to “buy American and hire American.”
On April 18, Trump signed the “Buy American and Hire American” executive order.
“In just these first few months we’ve created 99,000 new construction jobs, 49,000 manufacturing jobs, and 27,000 new mining jobs,” said President Trump. “And we have over 600,000 new jobs.”
He recounted the rapid rise in the stock market since his election, “I believe we have a record from the time we got elected…for the biggest increase in the stock market.”
We’ve removed the shackles on energy exploration imposed by the last administration, lifting the restrictions on oil, shale and natural gas, and very importantly for Pennsylvania, we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal and we are putting our great coal miners back to work.
He reminded Americans of approvals for construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. “We got them their approvals in 24 hours, one day,” said Trump. “There’s going to be approximately 48,000 jobs.”
He also brought up that the administration has stricken “job-killing regulation” on the auto industry and added that the administration has created a new rule requiring two regulations be eliminated for every new one to be imposed.
Turning to the legislative front, President Trump referenced the 29 bills he has already signed into law, “a record not surpassed since the Truman Administration.” Thirteen include the elimination of regulations.
“I’ve signed legislation to expand Veterans Choice,” said Trump. “We’ve increased by 42 percent, the approval for veterans using the choice program.”
He went on to cite his creation of an office of accountability at the Veterans Administration.
The President later recalled his institution of “a 5-year ban on federal officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service.” He added, “I’ve issued a lifetime ban on federal officials becoming a lobbyist for a foreign government.” He used these of evidence of his popular campaign promise to “drain the swamp.”
Moving to the issue of illegal immigration, a paramount topic in his presidential campaign, Trump said, “we’re going to have the wall, don’t worry,” as the audience chanted “build the wall.”
Trump’s promise to build the wall was a central promise of his campaign and common rally cry heard at pro-Trump events across the country.
“In just 100 days, we have taken historic steps to secure our border, impose needed immigration control like you’ve never seen before, is that true? And properly screen and vet those seeking admission into our country,” said Trump. “Our immigration system should put the needs of American workers, American families, American companies and American citizens first.”
He cited his appointment of Gen. John Kelly to the position of Secretary of Homeland Security before stating, “since my election, we’ve already achieved an unprecedented 73 percent reduction in illegal crossings on our southern border, the greatest reduction in the history of our country and we just started.”
He then highlighted the opening of new office VOICE, Victims of Illegal Immigration Crime Engagement Office, “to make sure that no American victim is ever again ignored by their government.” The department has been designed to assist those who have been victimized by illegal aliens.
He later noted Egypt’s release of American aid worker Aya Hijazi from an Egyptian prison.
Among the crowd, Bikers for Trump were spotted flanking some of the protesters as they were removed from the arena floor. About half a dozen protesters in total were seen being removed from the arena floor by law enforcement near the media area.


The largely enthusiastic crowd cheered loudly and often in the course of the speech, at times chanting the familiar campaign chant, “USA, USA, USA.”
The President concluded the evening listing a number of goals the administration hopes to accomplish going forward.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
The liberal comedian initially stated that he had been instructed not to insult the current administration at tonight’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner but then proceeded to do exactly that.
“Now a lot of people think that Steve Bannon is the reason Donald Trump is a racist,” said the comedian. “That is not true. Is he here?” he asked, looking out into the crowd. “I do not see Steve Bannon. I do not see Steve Bannon. Not see. Nazi Steve Bannon. Nazi Steve Bannon.”
Minhaj’s comments about Steve Bannon can be seen below.

Chutzpah. At WHCD Hasan Minhaj's referring to 'Nazi Steve Bannon', and you're wondering why Trump's not attending. pic.twitter.com/GyWqCEMXhC
— Michael Lieberman (@mlonpolitics) April 30, 2017

The comedian’s comment about Attorney General Jeff Sessions actually received an audible groan from the crowd.
“Jeff Sessions could not be here tonight; he is doing a pre-civil war enactment,” Minhaj said. “On his RSVP he wrote, ‘No.’ Just no! Which happens to be his second favorite n-word.”
Minhaj’s comments about Jeff Sessions can be seen below.




ARTICLE
Mason began by discussing the accomplishments of the media in recent months and their interaction with President Trump, saying, “We have worked very hard to build a constructive relationship with his [President Trump’s] press team. There are clear dividends from those efforts. The press is still in the White House briefing room, and we are still on Air Force One.”
Mason continued:
In fact, press access under President Trump has been very good. With all of the tension in the relationship, that aspect is often overlooked. We have had several press conferences, repeated opportunities to see and report on the president’s meetings, and with at least one notable and lamentable exception, good access to briefings with press staff and senior administration officials. Nevertheless, we cannot ignore the rhetoric that has been employed by the president about who we are and what we do. Freedom of the press is a building block of our democracy. Undermining that by seeking to delegitimize journalists is dangerous to a healthy republic.
“It is our job to report on facts and to hold leaders accountable. That is who we are. We are not fake news.” said Mason, “We are not failing news organizations and we are not the enemy of the American people.”
Recent polls, however, show that most Americans believe that the media is, in fact, the enemy of the people. A Morning Consult survey showed that 37 percent of people surveyed trust the White House versus only 29 percent who favor the political media. Forty-eight percent of those polled believe that America’s political journalists are harsher on President Tump, compared with only 16 percent who say they are easier.
A clip of Jeff Mason’s comments can be found here.



ARTICLE
Accusations are flying between the two camps, with Connelly’s campaign calling Mullikin a “life-long Democratic lobbyist” and Mullikin’s supporters painting Connelly as a closet #NeverTrump GOP establishment insider.
Connelly is running as an outsider, very much in the Trump populist vein. “If you want a career politician, I’m not your guy. But if you’re sick of business as usual, I’m an outsider who will fight for #SC5 values!” the candidate for the Republican nomination in South Carolina’s Fifth District has pinned to his Twitter account. attached to a video ad pushing the slogan “Christian, Conservative, Outsider,” and extolling the virtues of President Donald Trump’s signature border wall and attacking “corrupt career politicians” “compromising America’s greatness.”
Connelly’s website is loaded with Trump-esque populist policy snippets like, “It’s simple: stop the bleeding before tackling the problem of those already here illegally – start by building the wall” and “It’s such a breath of fresh air to have a President willing to take the side of prosperity, and I look forward to working with him.”
Connelly’s credentials as an outsider, however, have been called into question over the last week. The Washington Times reported Thursday that Connelly was employed by the RNC as “director of faith management,” even as he launched his congressional bid. His 2016 RNC salary was reported as $120,000, and he continued to receive payments from the RNC until over a month after he began to raise money for his campaign. From 2011-2013, Connelly served as Chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party.
No evidence of impropriety has surfaced, but the overlap of Connelly’s employment and campaign fundraising, along with his connections to the state and national Republican apparatus, has raised eyebrows. “The bigger thing here is the appearance. It may be that it doesn’t look very good,” Michael Kang, an Emory University law professor, told the Washington Times.
Beyond his strong connection with the RNC, often seen as the epitome of the “Republican Establishment,” supporters of Mullikin, are appalled at his presentation as a Trumpist. Karen Giorno, former Trump Southeast Regional Political Director and Senior Advisor to the Trump for President Campaign, spoke at a Mullikin event to express her misgivings, calling him a “poster child for the establishment:”
In his TV ads, Chad is described as an outsider and an unwavering supporter of Donald Trump. Those claims are patently untrue. I personally observed Chad, in multiple states, leading efforts to defeat Trump Delegates at Republican conventions, despite you, the voters, pledging those delegates to Donald Trump. Chad worked tirelessly on behalf of his employer, the Republican National Committee, to deny Donald Trump the Convention victory he earned that you, the American people, demanded.
In a press release issued after the event, Giorno added, “I know he worked against us behind the scenes. All this happened while he was taking $120,000 a year of the Republican National Committee’s money.”
Donald Trump’s victory in the South Carolina Primary was pivotal in propelling him to the nomination. The “Trump Strike Team” organized out of Republicans from California and other states in the final days of that campaign tipped the balance in candidate Trump’s favor, much to the chagrin of leftist journalists. Members of the Strike Team joined Giorno at the Mullikin event to attest that Connelly had worked to stop Trump both before and after his victory in the South Carolina contest. Girono told Breitbart News that Connelly pushed his own slate of #NeverTrump delegates with the intention of nullifying Trump’s primary victory. Politico reported on these machinations in the aftermath of the primary, while Trump’s nomination was anything but assured.
According to Giorno, Connelly also did not attend a “Unity Breakfast” designed to bring non-Trump primary voters into the fold before the general election and, at the South Carolina Republican Convention, he refused to sign a Trump banner with the other attendees. Mullikin’s campaign provided Breitbart News with photographs of the banner, which lacked Connelly’s signature.
Connelly’s campaign denied Giorno and the Mullikin campaign’s accusations in the strongest terms, calling them “complete fabrications” and “last second desperation” from Mullikin’s camp. “They ought to be ashamed of themselves,” Connelly staffer Luke Byars told Breitbart news. “It’s disgusting that Tom Mullikin is sanctioning this and it shows you how desperate he is.”
The Connelly campaign points to his efforts during the general election as proof of his commitment to the President. “Last year, Chad Connelly spent 140 nights away from home working to get evangelical support for Donald Trump,” Byars told Breitbart news. As for the Primary season, Byars noted that, as an RNC-staffer, he was prohibited from supporting any candidate. “He was not allowed to be involved in the primary process at all,” he said.
“What proof do they have, other than [Giorno] who is making stuff up?” Byars asked. He called Connelly’s principle accuser “a disgruntled Trump campaign staffer who was fired,” referring to Giorno’s reassignment amid controversy from Trump’s field operations in Florida to an advisor’s position in New York City. Robert Cahaly, a strategist working with the Mullikin campaign, found that characterization “ridiculous.” “She went from being in the field to being at Trump Tower, and that means she was fired? That’s the kind of spin only an RNC professional could come up with,” he told Breitbart News.
Mullikin’s campaign pointed to Connelly’s retinue of supporters as indicating his #NeverTrump history. For example, prominent #NeverTrump voice Erick Erickson, formally of RedState and now the principal of anti-Trump conservative site The Resurgent, glowingly endorsed Connelly last month. Cahaly called the continued posting of the endorsement on Connelly’s website a “loud and clear message to Never-Trumpers.”
Connelly has, however, also been endorsed by a wide swath of the Republican populist-right, including Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) and early Trump-endorser former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. Tom Zawatowski, leader of an Ohio tea party group, endorsed Connelly in a Facebook post in which he recalls Connelly playing a pivotal role in getting Ohio’s evangelical community on Trump’s side, even as #NeverTrump Governor John Kasich refused to support Trump in the general election.
Connelly’s campaign let fly its own accusations against Tom Mullikin, who has gone to great lengths to position himself on social media as “the pro-Trump candidate.”

As a loyal #TeamTrump soldier I'm always proud to answer the call. Go vote May 2nd #SC05 #scpol #MAGA➡https://t.co/7V83w30Dyz pic.twitter.com/qSqLD3kMBG
— Tom Mullikin (@TomMullikinSC) April 28, 2017

Byars found this “ridiculous,” calling Mullikin a “life-long Democrat who has given to Democrats all over the country.” “Tom Mullikin says he was a BIG Trump supporter, so why did he choose not to even cast a vote in the SC Presidential primary in 2016?” Byars asked, citing GOP voter data. He tried to contrast the two candidates’ roles in the 2016 campaign:
I think it is offensive that a career lobbyist like Tom Mullikin who has aided liberal Democrats would criticize Chad Connelly now. Chad gave up 2 years traveling the country to recruit evangelical support for Donald Trump.
Mullikin has made contributions to many political campaigns, including those of Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) and former Sen. Kay Hagan (D-NC). In the 1980s, he worked with then Sen. Al Gore (D-TN) on his unsuccessful presidential run. He has also donated to many Republican campaigns and himself ran as a Republican candidate for state representative in the 1990s. Mullikin contributed to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the DNC as recently as 2014. His record of GOP contributions might similarly alarm some populist voters, with recurring contributions to Sen. Lindsay (R-SC), a #NeverTrump stalwart, and Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who clashed with Trump on the campaign trail. Mullikin made his only contribution of the 2016 presidential campaign to early dropout Rick Santorum.
Mullikin’s camp found these lines of attack unwarranted. “He’s never denied he made contributions to Democrats … he made a lot more to Republicans, including Mick Mulvany,” Cahaly told Breitbart News. “Just like the president, he was in business and he was trying to get things done in the state, and he’s not going to apologize for it.”
Cahaly also took issue with the characterization of his candidate as a lobbyist, especially a “democratic” one, noting Mullikin “hasn’t been registered to lobby in years and years.” The Mullikin website characterizes his lobbying work on environmental issues as “His outspoken support for American manufacturing, farming and energy production placed him on the front lines of combating the radical left’s attempt to use environmental hysteria as an excuse to institute global socialism.”
As the campaigns continue to spar over these accusations, voters will go to the polls in South Carolina’s Fifth District Tuesday. If neither Connelly, Mullikin, nor any of the other three candidates in the GOP primary wins 50% of the vote, a runoff will be held May 16. Considered a safely Republican district, Democrats are rumored to continue their so-far-unsuccessful efforts to derail the Trump administration’s momentum by vigorously contesting special elections.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Following chants of “build that wall,” President Trump addressed the crowd in relation to the deadly Salvadoran gang MS-13:
“We will build a wall folks, don’t even worry about it. Go to sleep. As the final thing we needed, we need it.” said President Trump in relation to the wall, adding:
If the Democrats knew what the hell they were doing, they would approve it so easy because we want to stop crime in our country. Obviously, they don’t mind illegals coming in. They don’t mind drugs pouring in. They don’t mind MS-13 coming in. We are getting them all out of here. Members of congress who will be voting on border security have a simple choice. They can either vote to help drug cartels and criminal aliens trying to enter the United States, like frankly, the Democrats are doing, or they can vote to help American citizens and American families be safe. That is the choice.
President Trump continued:
At the heart of my administration’s efforts to restore the rule of law has been a nationwide crackdown on criminal gangs, and that means taking the fight to the sanctuary cities that shield these dangerous criminals from removal. The last very weak administration allowed thousands and thousands of gang members to cross our borders and enter into our communities, where they wreaked havoc on our citizens. The bloodthirsty cartel known as MS-13 has infiltrated our schools, threatening innocent children.
We have seen the horrible assaults and many killings all along Long Island where I grew up. We are seeing the vicious spread of transnational gangs into all 50 states and the human suffering they bring with them. I have been with the parents. It is devastation. A very respected General recently told me that MS-13 are the equivalent in their meanness to Al Qaeda. My administration will not rest until we have dismantled these violent gangs, and we are doing it rapidly, and we are sending them the hell out of our country.
At this point, President Trump received. thunderous applause. He went on to say, “We are sending them back home where they belong. One by one, we are finding the illegal immigrant drug dealers, members and killers and removing them from our country. Once they are gone, you see what we are doing. They will not let them back in. They are not coming back.”
Watch a full stream of the event below,




ARTICLE
Discussing the opposition from Democrats to his plans to build a border wall, Trump said, “Unfortunately, Democrats in Congress have no leadership, they are rudderless.”
“Senator Schumer is a bad leader. I’ve known him a long time, Senator Schumer is a bad leader, not a natural leader at all. He works hard to study leadership … Well if you have to study leadership you’ve got problems,” Trump said.
“His policies are hurting innocent Americans and making it easier for drug dealers to enter our country. Schumer is weak on crime and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. He is a poor leader, and he is leading the Democrats to doom,” Trump continued.
Trump also criticized Democrats in Congress for opposing his immigration agenda, arguing that “If the Democrats knew what the hell they were doing, they would approve [the wall] so fast, as we want to stop crime in our country.” He said:
Obviously they don’t mind illegals coming in, they don’t mind drugs pouring in, they don’t mind MS13 coming in. Members of Congress who’ll be voting on border security have a simple choice, they can either help to vote drug cartels and criminal aliens trying to enter the United States, like frankly, the Democrats are doing. Or they can vote to help American citizens and American families be safe, that’s the choice.
In March, Sen. Chuck Schumer claimed that Trump’s plans to build a wall on the southern border would not get sufficient votes from Democrats or Republicans, as “It’s not the best way to protect the border” and “It’s very expensive.”

You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Following his assurance that a wall would be constructed along the Mexican border, President Trump spoke over chants of “build that wall,” saying “we have done so well at the border, a lot of people are saying, wow, maybe the president doesn’t need the wall.” He continued, “we need the wall to stop the drugs and human trafficking. We need the wall. In just 100 days, we have taken historic steps to secure our border, imposed needed immigration control like you have never seen before” said President Trump.
He continued, “[We have] properly screened and vetted those seeking admission into our country. They are going to come in because they love our country. We are not taking them otherwise. We are operating on a very simple principle that our immigration system should put the needs of American workers, American families, American companies, and American citizens first.” The crowd cheered as Trump continued, “I have appointed a great military general, John Kelly, to lead the Department of Homeland Security.”
President Trump then outlined one of his many achievements since his election, “since my election, we have already achieved an unprecedented 73 percent reduction in illegal crossing on our southern border. The greatest reduction in the history of our country, and we just started. The world is getting the message, if you try to illegally enter the United States, you will be caught, detained, deported, or put in prison, and it will happen.”
Trump’s comments on the decline in illegal immigration were corroborated by Politifact earlier this month, his statements on the issue receiving a “True” rating. The website states, “Trump said illegal immigration on the U.S.-Mexico border is ‘the lowest in 17 years.’ Border Patrol data support Trump’s claim. In March, Border Patrol recorded 12,193 apprehensions at the Southwest border, the lowest in at least 17 years.”
“As I campaigned across the nation,” said Trump, continuing his speech, “I met with the grieving mothers and fathers of children who had been killed, viciously killed, violently killed by illegal immigrants, and I made them a promise. We will protect American lives. Your family member will not have died in vain.” The crowd erupted into applause and were quieted by Trump, “last week, we opened an office to support the victims of immigration crime called VOICE to make sure that no American victim is ever again ignored. It’s not going to happen.”
The event has since ended, but a full live stream can be seen below:




ARTICLE
In his speech Vice President Pence complimented the American people for their ability to spot the liberal media’s “fake news” about President Trump. “While they have been ignoring the facts and spreading that fake news, the American people know the truth.” said Pence, “The truth is President Trump has been relentlessly delivering on the promises he made to the American people, and America is back!”
As the room filled with cheers and applause Pence continued, “Since even before President Trump took office, we have been fighting for American jobs and American workers. For the past 100 days, President Trump has been slashing through red tape. He signed more bills cutting job-killing regulations than any president in American history.”
“He approved the keystone and Dakota pipelines,” said Pence to thunderous applause, “[President Trump] opened up offshore drilling. He has put America back on the path to energy independence, and thanks to Donald Trump, the war on coal is over. Just this past week, President Trump laid out a plan for one of the biggest tax cuts in American history,” said Pence, adding, “We are going to cut taxes across the board for working families, small businesses, and family farms.”
“Just a few minutes ago, the president took another step to make sure that trade deals benefit American workers first. Folks, that is American leadership for the American people.” The crowd cheered and chanted “USA” as Vice President Pence prepared to introduce President Donald Trump.
Watch a livestream of the event below:




ARTICLE
VIDEO: NBC2 Investigators: More arrests for food stamp fraud in Southwest Florida
The Division of Public Assistance Fraud under Florida’s Department of Children and Families discovered $20,719,036 in fraud in FY 2015-16, WBBH reported.
Division of Public Assistance Director Jack Heacock said the most common type of fraud the agency sees is when people falsify their household information when applying for or renewing SNAP benefits.
“False reporting, when they apply for benefits they don’t tell the whole truth,” Heacock said.
Those who try to game the system by falsely applying for benefits are not the only ones responsible for defrauding the government.
Retailers in southwest Florida are also responsible for defrauding the government by trading cash for food stamps.
According to the investigation from WBBH, 16 stores in southwest Florida have been permanently or temporarily disqualified from the SNAP program over the past two years because of this cash for food stamps scheme.
It is the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s decision to investigate and disqualify local stores, but it is often employees from the Department of Children and Families that pick up on fraud before it is reported to the USDA for them to investigate.
Florida Department of Children and Families Secretary Mike Carroll said the agency has been able to prevent $32 million worth of fraud from happening in 2016 alone by denying Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program applications.
But Carroll says the agency could use more of the USDA’s help to track down criminals.
“For every pattern we pick up, we probably miss 10,” Carroll said.
Southwest Florida is not the only place where stores have been cited for food stamp fraud. In Chicago, 140 stores in the city were charged with food stamp fraud in 2016.



ARTICLE
NEWTON FALLS, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio family says they learned just 20 minutes before dinner this week that a planned mystery guest would be Facebook founder and billionaire Mark Zuckerberg.
The Vindicator of Youngstown reports (http://bit.ly/2oSVBQ3) Zuckerberg dined Friday with the Moore family in Newton Falls, about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Cleveland. The newspaper reports Zuckerberg had asked his staff to find Democrats who voted for President Donald Trump.
Not all the dinner chat was political. Daniel Moore says he and his wife, Lisa, talked about their work with an orphanage in Uganda and that Zuckerberg says he’s now planning a fundraiser to benefit the orphans.
Zuckerberg’s project, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, says he visited Youngstown’s Eastern Gateway Community College Friday and met with people recovering from opioid addiction in Dayton Saturday. He has challenged himself to visit people in all 50 states.
___
Information from: The Vindicator, http://www.vindy.com



ARTICLE
(Adult Language Warning)
Liberal comedian Samantha Bee roasted the news media, past presidents, and President Donald Trump during a taped mock White House Correspondent’s Dinner Saturday afternoon in Washington, D.C.
From the Hollywood Reporter:
“As much as I might love poking fun at the media and as much as you kind of deserve it sometimes, your job has never been harder,” she said. “You’re basically get paid to stand in a cage while a geriatric orangutan screams at you. … You expose injustice against the weak and you continue to fact-check the president as if he might someday get embarrassed! Tonight is for you.”
…
The special’s commercial breaks were led with taped sketches of Bee roasting a handful of previous presidents like Woodrow Wilson and Bill Clinton, complete with period-appropriate garb. “This story has more wrinkles than the president’s nutsack,” she said of Ronald Reagan and the Iran-Contra affair, while Richard Nixon “achieved John F. Kennedy’s two goals: landing a man on the moon and getting f—ed by a deep throat.” The final sketch of this series had Bee roasting Mike Pence, who became president after Trump died after “getting his head stuck in a jar of honey.” She was shown wearing a chastity belt and a long-sleeved turtleneck: “I attempted to cover my pillows but the slut shines through.”
…
One heavily-applauded segment skewered Jeff Zucker and CNN. “Zucker’s greatest success besides The Apprentice — which, by the way, thanks for that — is filling airtime between car crashes with a reality show loosely based on the news where loyal-partisan hacks make us measurably dumber by spewing mendacious nonsense while a hologram of Anderson Cooper stand by,” said Bee, pleading for the network to “free” its journalists. “Anderson is a smart reporter! Give him his black T-shirt back and put him in front of a natural disaster!” She added, “CNN gives you news like your shitty boyfriend gives you orgasms: in the end, you wind up lying in the wet spot and he’s snoring.”
For the rest of the article, click here.
The TBS program Full Frontal with Samantha Bee’s Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner is set to air Saturday at 10 p.m. eastern.



ARTICLE
Warren explained her rationale for attending the event on Real Time with Bill Maher as she promoted her new book This Fight is Our Fight.
“I went to Trump’s inauguration. I watched. I wanted to see it. I wanted it burned in my eyes,” Warren told Maher.
“My view on this was if there was ever going to be a moment where I was like, ‘Oh I’m too tired to get up,’ all I had to do is close my eyes and it’s like, ‘Oh god, I’m up. I’m ready. I’m back in the fight,’” she continued.
Warren said it was that event that inspired her to keep up the fight against Trump’s policies.
The book This Fight is Our Fight ends with the Women’s Marches that took place the weekend after the inauguration, which Warren said was the day “the world changed.”
That was “the day we made our voices heard,” she said.
The progressive firebrand has been one of Trump’s fiercest critics, giving the president an “F” for his first 100 days for not living up to his promises to help the working class.



ARTICLE
Late Friday, the Minnesota Department of Health (MDH) announced that the total number of cases has now grown to 32, and “28 of the cases are Somali Minnesotan.”
The MDH has not yet announced the demographic characteristics of the other four cases that have been diagnosed as part of the outbreak.
The geographic reach of the outbreak has now extended from Hennepin County, part of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area—where it originated and where 30 of the cases have now been confirmed—to Stearns County, 65 miles northwest of Minneapolis-St. Paul, where one case was confirmed early last week, and now to Ramsey County, were onw case was confirmed on Friday. “31 of the cases are confirmed to be unvaccinated and 1 of the cases had 1 MMR,” MDH said late Friday.
“The cases are children ages 0 through 5 years,” MDH added.
“Fears of the MMR vaccine have taken hold within the Somali community, particularly after 2008, when many parents became concerned about what seemed to be a cluster of autism cases among Somali students in the Minneapolis schools. Measles vaccination rates among young Somali children have fallen sharply since, providing fertile ground for an outbreak to develop,” the Star Tribune reports.
“Officials are still trying to identify the source, but believe it was imported by a traveler from a foreign country, since measles no longer occurs naturally in the United States,” the Star Tribune adds.
Democrats in Minnesota are not asking the most obvious questions that this statement raises:
Did the traveler from a foreign country who may have “imported” measles to the Somali community in Minnesota arrive from Somalia?
If so, would these travelers have been prevented from arriving in the United States had federal district judges in Washington, Maryland, and Hawaii not struck down President Trump’s Executive Orders 13769 and 13780, both of which imposed temporary travel bans on residents of Somalia to the United States?
The state of Minnesota, led by Attorney General Lori Swanson and Governor Mark Dayton, both Democrats, joined the state of Washington as a plaintiff in the lawsuit against Executive Order 13769, which was subsequently halted by a federal judge in Washington state in February.
“The state of Minnesota is suing the Trump administration over the president’s executive order that temporarily bans refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations from entering the United States,” the Star Tribune reported in February:
Earlier in the week, Washington became the first state to file a lawsuit against the administration. The amended complaint, which now includes Minnesota, was filed Wednesday night in U.S. District Court in Seattle. It alleges that the Trump administration’s executive order violates the Fifth Amendment’s equal protection clause, the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act, as well as due process. The states also seek a temporary restraining order to block enforcement of the travel ban at airports across the U.S.
The recent outbreak has set a 20-year record high for the number of measles cases reported in Minnesota.
Between 1997, when MDH began tracking reported cases of measles on its website, and 2016, the record number of reported cases of measles in the state was 26, which happened in 2011.
The current number of reported cases of measles at the four-month mark of 2017, 32, is already six cases more than that 2011 previous record.
Over the 20-year period between 1997 and 2016, a total of 56 measles cases were reported, slightly less than three cases per year.
The current outbreak, which may continue to grow, has, in effect, re-introduced the disease—long dormant—to Minnesota.
“Minneapolis-St. Paul is home to the largest Somali community in the United States, estimated to be around 70,000,” Breitbart News reported on Friday:
“Since FY 2002, 100,246 Somali refugees have resettled in the United States, according to the State Department’s interactive website. Of these, 99.9 percent, or 99,909, are Muslim,” Breitbart News reported in December.
Assimilation of resettled Somalis in this country has been a significant problem, and continues to be so.
In 2016, two Somali refugees, one in a Minnesota mall, the other at Ohio State University, attacked and injured more than 20 Americans. Both refugees were killed by law enforcement during the attacks.
Somali immigrants to Minnesota have been resistant to having their children immunized against measles with the MMR vaccine, the MDH has acknowledged.
That resistance highlights just one of several public health practices in which the Somali community has a troublesome record.
“On the public health front, Somali refugees in Minnesota have been identified as responsible for 22 percent (161 out of 732) of the cases of active tuberculosis (TB) diagnosed between 2010 and 2014, despite accounting for about one percent of the state’s population,” Breitbart News reported, “Recently, female genital mutilation (FGM) within the American Somali community has come to the forefront as a significant problem as well. Earlier this month, two doctors and another person were arrested in Livonia, Michigan on charges of conducting illegal FGM procedures on young Somali girls transported from Minnesota.”



ARTICLE
In Two Paths: America Divided or United, Kasich blamed Trump’s electoral win on groups ranging from the media to dishonest politicians, but he also said one of the main reasons Trump won was because of the spiritual decline in America.
“I happen to believe that you can’t guide an entire society without a shared religious foundation,” Kasich wrote. “I saw Trump’s reckless entreaties as a weakening of our shared American values — even more so, a coarsening of our shared American values … Donald Trump gave the impression of a man who would do or say anything to get attention, even incite a crowd to violence.”
Kasich also noted that Trump “gave millions of disenfranchised voters a voice.”
“What the voters were telling us in this election was that they were angry, that they were feeling that their lives were out of control, that there was a sense of helplessness and hopelessness in the heartland,” Kasich wrote.
Kasich announced back in March that he does not believe he will make another run for political office again, surprising many of his supporters. His term as Ohio governor will expire in January 2019.



ARTICLE
Officials took down one website that appeared to contradict EPA administrator Scott Pruitt’s statements on climate change and removed another that provided information about the Clean Power Plan, an initiative of the Obama administration, the Washington Post reported.
“As EPA renews its commitment to human health and clean air, land, and water, our website needs to reflect the views of the leadership of the agency,” J.P. Freire, the agency’s associate administrator for public affairs, said in a statement. “We want to eliminate confusion by removing outdated language first and making room to discuss how we’re protecting the environment and human health by partnering with states and working within the law.”
The agency also said it would archive pages from the previous administration.
The climate change website now redirects to a page that says that “this page is being updated” and that “we are currently updating our website to reflect EPA’s priorities under the leadership of President Trump and Administrator Pruitt.”
The page also links to an archive of how the web page looked on January 19, the day before Trump’s inauguration.
Pruitt reportedly approved the changes to the EPA’s website, according to a staffer who spoke to the Post on condition of anonymity.
The staffer also added that Pruitt’s aides “found a number of instances” where the information on the EPA’s website contradicted the policies of the administration.
EPA sources told Reuters in January that administration officials asked the agency to take down the climate change page, but EPA staff fought to keep the page up.



ARTICLE
Mrs. Trump dedicated a new garden on the roof of the medical center, where she visited with children as they colored and enjoyed views of the National Mall and the Washington Monument.
When one of the children told Trump it was her birthday, the first lady shared that she had just celebrated a birthday and that her husband, President Donald Trump, is 70 years old and has a birthday in June, CNN reported.
“The children all seemed to take kindly to the First Lady, and were pictured laughing and giving her hugs as they sat around the crafts table,” the Daily Mail reported. “The group chatted about their favorite books and singers, and after several minutes of crafting, she thanked them for spending their afternoon with her.”
The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden is dedicated to U.S. first ladies and is named for Mellon, an American horticulturist, gardener, philanthropist and art collector who died in 2014.
Melania Trump tweeted about the event after it concluded:

Wonderful opening ceremony today for the new Healing Garden @childrenshealth. It will play vital role in recovery of extraordinary patients. pic.twitter.com/xybzYPkJYq
— Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 28, 2017

Karen Pence, wife of Vice President Mike Pence, opened the doors of the vice presidential residence and held a pool party for the children of military families.
Pence then tweeted about the event, with April as the Month of the Military Child as her inspiration. She posted several photos of the festivities:

With April being the month of the Military child, @VP and I hosted a pool party at the VP Residence for kids of parents deployed. Fun times! pic.twitter.com/FshPqZbAef
— Karen Pence (@SecondLady) April 29, 2017

“Me & @VP face timing with a service member deployed while standing with his family at our pool party for military children. Priceless!!” the second lady tweeted, using an American flag emoji with the tweet.
“Children play an important role in the Armed Forces community and we enjoyed spending our evening with military families,” she said in a tweet accompanied with a heart emoji.
CNN speculated on the evolving role of Trump as first lady in its report on the hospital visit.
“Trump has eased her way into the role, performing the traditional first lady duty of America’s official hostess; initially traveling to Washington rarely, but more frequently in recent weeks,” CNN reported. “She’s participated in key events, hosting the 179th annual White House Easter Egg Roll and welcoming governors and spouses at the formal Governors Ball.”



ARTICLE
Parents of the shooting team members are incredulous that the photo was rejected.
All 60 team members were photographed on one knee with a shotgun by their side.
According to CBS Minnesota, Rick Anderson, a parent whose son is on the shooting team, said, “Just because there’s a gun involved doesn’t make it a dangerous sport and they’re not criminals.” Anderson added, “I think [political] correctness has gone way overboard. I don’t know how else to put it.”
Derek Birdsall said even parents without a son or daughter on the shooting team think the prohibition is ridiculous. He told ABC 5, “[The shooting team] is a school-sanctioned activity. It’s not like the kids are doing anything with it. They are literally just holding a gun.”
Superintendent Steve Westerberg admitted that parents have been pushing to have a photograph of the shooting team included in the yearbook but said the school’s student handbook “doesn’t allow firearms or weapons to be displayed.” He said the rule on displaying firearms “has been in affect [sic] since the school started sponsoring a Trap Shooting Team a couple years ago.”
Birdsall views the ban as silly. He said the shotguns are “what you use in the sport. It’s just natural.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Make no mistake, these marches today are no more about global warming than last weekend’s were about defending science. They’re just an anti-Trump protest by the same people who in January this year were marching around dressed as vaginas, and who in Berkeley the last few weekends have been beating people up wearing facemasks.
It’s no coincidence that many of the organizations on the People’s Climate March steering committee are in receipt of millions from Democrat donor, arch-globalist, and Agent of Evil George Soros.
Mr. Soros, who heads the Open Society Foundations, contributed over $36 million between 2000 and 2014 to 18 of the 55 organizations on the march’s steering committee, according to an analysis released Friday by the conservative Media Research Center.
Six of the groups received during that time more than $1 million each: the Center for Community Change, the NAACP, the Natural Resources Defense Council, People’s Action, Public Citizen and the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Even if you didn’t know this, the clues are in the signs, spotted by Collegians For A Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT) – an organization which tries to bring rationalism, facts and sanity to the climate debate – and Steve Milloy.

Yes. Administration Change. That will totally stop non-existent global warming from happening.

See also: Tooth Fairy; Santa Claus; yes, of course, I’ll still love you in the morning…

Communism. Yup: just what the world needs to sort out its environmental problems. That’s why Beijing is so famously unpolluted; why there are so many fish in the Aral Sea; why Chernobyl is today such a thriving nature reserve…

And this has to do with global warming what, exactly?

Aka Watermelons – green on the outside, red on the inside.

Aw! How sweet! They want to behead the President. Aren’t environmentalists just the cutest, most sensitive and CARING people?

Meanwhile in Vienna, they’re not even pretending it’s about anything other than Marxism.

How is this even possible? Do these Greenies really know as little about science as I fear?



ARTICLE
Breitbart Texas contacted the Carter County jail and verified that the men are Mexican nationals with no U.S. identification documents. Breitbart Texas also contacted U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials to determine if enforcement officers issued an immigration detainer and the immigration status of the two suspects. Officials could not immediately respond to this inquiry.
TBI investigators arrested Robelio E. Flores-Rivera (26) and Adan O. Vasquez-Rodriguez (34) and transported them to the Carter County jail in Tennessee. Both are in the jail on a $50,000 bond, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from TBI officials.
Authorities charged Flores-Rivera with aggravated statutory rape, solicitation of a minor, and patronizing prostitution of a minor.
Investigators also charged Vasquez-Rodriguez with statutory rape, solicitation of a minor, and patronizing prostitution of a minor.
TBI officials responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas and spokesperson Leslie Earhart wrote in an email, “At this time, we do not have any information to suggest they are connected to an international trafficking organization, however, our investigation remains active and ongoing.”
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Human Trafficking Unit received information from the Knoxville Police Department on Sunday about a possible human trafficking case with two young females. The unit determined the location of the alleged crime – a motel in Elizabethton on Highway 19E.
Special agents from the unit worked with the Elizabethton Police Department, the First Judicial District Attorney’s Office headquartered in Washington County and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The District Attorney’s Office serves Washington, Unicoi, Carter and Johnson counties.
Additional charges may be brought depending on the outcome of further investigation.
The arrests were part of “Tennessee’s efforts to hold traffickers accountable,” according to a TBI statement. Officials say the state “leads the nation in its approach to addressing human trafficking.” Their website reports that the state has “proactive legislative efforts,” “comprehensive research projects,” and “an informed, multi-faceted” approach that “continues to evolve.”
The state’s website, www.ItHasToStop.com has resources, including information on how to spot human traffickers.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.



ARTICLE
“Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman’s right to make her own choices about her body and her health,” Perez said, as the HuffPost reported. “That is not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state.”
Perez’s comments came after the DNC decided to support Heath Mello in the Omaha, Nebraska, mayoral race. Mello, it was discovered, had previously voted in the state legislature consistent with his personal pro-life views:

The @DNC decision to embrace a candidate who wld strip us of our basic rights isn't just disappointing, it's politically stupid. @ilyseh: pic.twitter.com/6OexYhrxk9
— NARAL (@NARAL) April 20, 2017

Abortion lobbying group NARAL Pro-Choice America immediately slammed the DNC for its embrace of Mello.
“The actions today by the DNC to embrace and support a candidate for office who will strip women — one of the most critical constituencies for the party — of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing, it is politically stupid,” fumed NARAL’s president, Ilyse Hogue.
Perez responded to the scathing bashing with the compliant statement that he “fundamentally disagree[s] with Heath Mello’s personal beliefs about women’s reproductive health,” adding that “every candidate who runs as a Democrat should do the same.”
Democrats’ decision to dig their hole even deeper regarding commitment to abortion on demand has many wondering how the party will survive since suffering significant unexpected losses in the 2016 elections.
According to the Atlantic, Democrats are now “newly divided … as they attempt to decide who they will welcome, and who they will exclude, amid soul searching over how the party should rebuild after its 2016 loss.”
The party has attempted to portray itself as built upon morally upright virtues – such as diversity and inclusiveness – yet Perez’s statement clearly demands the opposite.
“Diversity is what makes our party great,” Texas Democrat Rep. Henry Cuellar told CNSNews.com, in response to Perez’s statement that support of abortion is “not negotiable.”
“I am proud to be in the Democratic party,” Cuellar added. “We are a big tent, united by many of my core values, like quality public education and affordable health care for all. Sometimes, we can have different ideas about how best to reflect those values in the law, so litmus tests on any one issue just won’t work.”
High-level Democrats attempted to soften Perez’s exclusionary message.
“I couldn’t disagree more with what Tom Perez said, I think it’s not correct that our party should have litmus tests about who wants to join our party,” pro-abortion rights Sen. Claire McCaskill (MO) said in response to the DNC chair’s announcement, as reported by the Atlantic. “We may disagree on various issues, and I just don’t think we should say ever anyone is not welcome in our party based on one of those issues.”
“What Mr. Perez said makes no sense to me,” objected Sen. Joe Donnelly (IN), who identifies personally as pro-life. “This is a deeply personal issue, and we should be about respecting one another.”
“I don’t know why we would want to start walking away from folks, like myself, who have a personal conviction on the pro-life issue,” Donnelly added. “We ought to be able to include everyone, as opposed to saying ‘no, we don’t want these folks, even though they fight with us on jobs, even though they fight with us for economic rights, even though they fight with us on healthcare.’ It just seems to me to be very, very short-sighted.”
“Pro-life Democrats need to be welcomed into our party,” said Nebraska Democratic Party Chair Jane Kleeb, a Bernie Sanders supporter. “Tom Perez put every Democrat who is leading our party at the nationwide and statewide level in a very difficult position.”
Writing at the left-leaning Jesuit magazine America, Robert David Sullivan observed, “Abortion is proving that the Democratic Party can outdo Republicans in self-destruction.”
The author continued:
Abortion is now the single issue defining the Democrats, and Ilyse Hogue, the president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, is the de facto head of the party. This gives the Republicans a major advantage in holding off electoral losses if the Trump administration continues to founder.
The decision by Democrats to make abortion on demand its highest level priority, however, is at odds with recent data.
A Marist/Knights of Columbus poll released in January finds that 83 percent of Americans oppose the use of tax dollars to support abortion in other countries, with 61 percent also opposed to funding abortions in the United States with taxpayer dollars. These results include 87 percent of Donald Trump supporters and 39 percent of Hillary Clinton supporters.
Additionally, the poll showed 55 percent of Clinton supporters and 91 percent of Trump supporters approved limiting abortion to – at most – the first trimester or pregnancy.
“There is a consensus in America in favor of significant abortion restrictions, and this common ground exists across party lines, and even among significant numbers of those who are pro-choice,” said Knights of Columbus leader Carl Anderson. “This poll shows that large percentages of Americans, on both sides of the aisle, are united in their opposition to the status quo as it relates to abortion on demand. This is heartening and can help start a new national conversation on abortion.”
“The majority of Americans in favor of abortion restrictions has been consistently around 8 in 10 for the better part of a decade.” Barbara Carvalho, director of the Marist Poll, also observed, “Though self-identification as pro-life or pro-choice can vary substantially from year to year, the support for restrictions is quite stable.”
Cardinal Timothy Dolan, who heads the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ (USCB) pro-life committee, said Perez’s declaration of support only for pro-abortion candidates is “very disturbing.”
“The Democratic Party platform already endorses abortion throughout the nine months of pregnancy, even forcing taxpayers to fund it, and now the DNC says that to be a Democrat—indeed to be an American—requires supporting that extreme agenda,” Dolan continued, adding:
True solidarity with pregnant women and their children transcends all party lines. Abortion doesn’t empower women. Indeed, women deserve better than abortion.
In the name of diversity and inclusion, pro-life and pro-“choice” Democrats, alike, should challenge their leadership to recant this intolerant position.
However, with the now deeply entrenched co-dependent political relationship between the Democrat Party and the abortion industry, there may be little chance for the party to open its tent to include more pro-life candidates in the near future.
“The Democratic Party has to look in the mirror and say, where did we go wrong? What do we need to do to start winning again?” said Kristen Day, executive director of Democrats for Life of America. “This is one of those issues where the party could expand its coalition. I do have some optimism. The fact that we’re having this discussion at all is important, and potentially an opportunity to create space for pro-life Democrats within the party, but so far it doesn’t seem like that’s the direction the party will take.”



ARTICLE
Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue told an audience on Friday that he’s pressing Trump to allow farmers and food processors to keep employing cheap illegal-alien manual labor. Trump “understands that there are … undocumented immigrant laborers, out here on the farms, many of them that are doing a great job, contributing to the economy of the United States,” Perdue said April 28, according to a report in Harvest Public Media. 
Sending the illegal-immigrant workers home “is not his focus nor will that be my focus,” Perdue added. 
Breitbart has asked the department’s press office for clarification of Perdue’s comments. 
Perdue has also used his authority as the new agriculture secretary to bring in a labor lawyer from the industry’s trade association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, according to Harvest Public Media. Perdue continued: 

I’m hoping she can provide the president and his administration a blueprint and a program of how we can separate and divide and understand who are the [illegal] immigrants that are contributing to American society and contributing [to] putting … that food on the table and the fiber that we need for clothes.

Perdue’s intervention could preserve the huge supply of illegal labor used by farmers. But that intervention would also impose huge costs on farming communities, reverse the rising price of farm labor and reverse the come-from-behind shift by the American agricultural industry towards the high-tech, high-wage operations already developed by European, Asian and South American food industries.
Many farmers say they are now seeing the shift from labor-intensive agriculture to high-wage, high-tech agriculture.
In February, for example, a Kansas farmer selected by the National Milk Producers Federation and Dairy Farmers of America told the Senate’ agricultural committee how the shortage of imported workers had prompted hire to milk her cows with high-tech robots. “My family decided to address part of our labor needs by purchasing robotic milkers,” Lynda Foster testified. “These milkers allow me to spend time on other parts of my operation.”
“There a lot of other farmers going into robots … and a lot of them are smaller dairy farmers who want to maintain quality of life” Foster told Breitbart News. “I would say the labor [shortage] is the big thing, and for some people, it is quality of life — the young people of today just don’t want to work the same kind of hours as we grow up working,” she added. 
“On Facebook groups, there’s a lot of young families that milk cows and they want help so they can attend kids’ school events… and they have trouble finding steady and dependable [labor], and a lot are starting to look towards robots,” she said, adding that the robots help increase milk production and improve the cows’ health. 
At one regional farmers’ meeting, “about every time we sat down at a table, there was somebody with a robot,” she said.

In California, farmers are tearing out trees and vines so their farms can work with a new wave of robotic farm machinery, partly because the state government is mandating higher pay and shorter hours for farm workers. CaliforniaAgToday.com reported: 

“I have a steady crew for watermelons, although with the new laws coming into effect, we are going to have to make some changes and mechanize a lot more of that harvest,” [Mark] Van Klaveren noted.
… “The only options we have are to mechanize or get out—one of the two. We can’t afford to produce at the same prices we’re getting right now with much higher labor costs. Some machinery out there can do what we need to do and we will look real hard to get some of that in our operation,” said Van Klavern.

Other farmers and food processors recently testified that they’re using more machinery instead of expensive labor to pick raising grapes, cotton, fruits and other products. “It’s coming. It’s just a matter of time,” said a farmer named Dave Cardozo told CaliforniaAgToday. “You’re going to see more mechanization,” he said, adding that he is also paying his workers more and trying to limit their work schedules to 40 hours per week. 
In March, the Los Angeles Times reported;

Growers who can afford it have already begun raising worker pay well beyond minimum wage. Wages for crop production in California increased by 13% from 2010 to 2015, twice as fast as average pay in the state, according to a Los Angeles Times analysis of data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics…
Some farmers are even giving laborers benefits normally reserved for white-collar professionals, like 401(k) plans, health insurance, subsidized housing and profit-sharing bonuses. Full-timers at Silverado Farming, for example, get most of those sweeteners, plus 10 paid vacation days, eight paid holidays, and can earn their hourly rate to take English classes.

Farms are also changing to minimize labor costs. Growers who can’t raise wages are shedding employees and mechanizing, or switching to less labor-intensive crops. For example, Jeff Klein, a fourth-generation farmer in Stockton told the Los Angeles Times that “he’ll spend the next five years replacing his 1,000 acres of grapevines with almond and olive trees, which require a fraction of the human contact to grow.”
The market for farm labor is so tight that vineyards in Napa County are now paying farmworkers almost $42,000 year, and other farmers are testing robotic machinery being developed in Silicon Valley:

… strawberry growers in Ventura are experimenting with robots that plant seedlings, and growers in Central Coast counties are culling, weeding and even harvesting heads of lettuce with machines. At the outer edge, engineers are trying to teach machines to pick fruit.
Brad Goehring, a fourth-generation farmer, is re-engineering his vineyards so they can be harvested entirely by machines… “I think we can eliminate, I’m just guessing, 85% of the labor on these new vineyards,” he says, reducing pruning costs from $300 per acre, on average, to $80. He plans to keep spending more on machinery, like his $350,000 tractor-like vehicle that shakes grapes off the vine and catches them before they fall to the ground.

In Washington state, apple orchards are trying to automate amid the labor shortage, according to the Associated Press:

… President Donald Trump’s hard line against immigrants in the U.S. illegally has many farmers in the country looking for alternative harvest methods. Some have purchased new equipment to try to reduce the number of workers they’ll need, while others have lobbied politicians to get them to deal with immigration in a way that minimizes harm to their livelihoods.
“Who knows what this administration will do or not do?” said Jim McFerson, head of the Washington State Tree Fruit Research Center in Wenatchee. For farmers, “it’s a question of survival.”
…  [Israel-based] FFRobotics is developing a machine that has three-fingered grips to grab fruit and twist or clip it from a branch. The machine would have between four and 12 robotic arms, and can pick up to 10,000 apples an hour, Kober said. One machine would be able to harvest a variety of crops, taking 85 to 90 percent of the crop off the trees, Kober said. Humans could pick the rest.

Even some Silicon Valley companies are trying to get into the farm-automation business, for example, by developing a robot apple-picker. 
 “The law of supply and demand doesn’t stop being true just because you’re talking about people,” George Borjas, a Harvard economist, told the Los Angeles Times. “[Farmers] have had an almost endless supply of low-skill workers for a long time, and now they are finding it difficult to transition to a situation where they don’t.”
Farms in South America, Asia, and Europe are already using much European and Asian technology to increase the productivity of their well-paid workers. In 2016, for example, according to Fortune magazine:

A Chilean farm said this week that it would install [64] milking robots at its farm of 6,500 cows, which it claims would make it the biggest robotic milking farm in the world. The claim could not be verified. After the installation, 4,500 cows will be milked by the machine, according to a spokesperson.
A Swedish dairy technology company called DeLaval built the 64 milking robots for the farm. Of those, 16 have been installed, which the farm said has resulted in a 10 % increase in milk production and an unspecified reduction in labor costs….
In February, a Japanese agriculture technology company called SPREAD said it would open an almost-all robot lettuce farm by mid-2017 where robots will handle many tasks like watering seedlings and harvesting lettuce.

Also, some U.S. entrepreneurs are bypassing the labor-intensive farm industry by growing high-value farm products inside city greenhouses, only a short commute from an unlimited supply of suburban workers. For example, in 2016, a company named Urban Seed began building a new climate-controlled greenhouse in Las Vegas where workers can quickly grow stacked layers of fresh herbs and high-value crops for nearby restaurants and shops. According to an NPR report:

In a 24-square-foot area, Wenman projects that Urban Seed will be able to grow more than 500 heads of lettuce in 30 days, compared with roughly 50 lettuce heads that might grow during that time on a traditional outdoor farm.
That number might sound hyperbolic, but it’s actually pretty conservative when you compare it to estimates for vertical indoor farms currently getting lots of buzz. In Newark, for example, AeroFarms claims per-square-foot yields that are 130 times those of field farms.
“In the same amount of space indoors, you can raise 10 to 100 times what you can do outdoors,” says Dr. Dickson Despommier, a professor emeritus at Columbia University and author of The Vertical Farm: Feeding the World in the 21st Century. 


Back in Washington, however, the established farm industry wants the federal government to continue the inflow of cheap field labor so it can minimize high-tech investment and labor costs.  
In his first statement after being sworn on April 25, Perdue began championing the interests of the farm industry, not the industry’s employees, or rural town or the nation’s economic productivity. He declared “As secretary, I will champion the concerns of farmers, ranchers, foresters, and producers, and will work tirelessly to solve the issues facing our farm families.”
His four priorities, according to the statement, will be: 

Perdue’s policies as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture will be guided by four principles which will inform his decisions.  First, he will maximize the ability of the men and women of America’s agriculture and agribusiness sector to create jobs, to produce and sell the foods and fiber that feed and clothe the world, and to reap the earned reward of their labor … Second, he will prioritize customer service every day for American taxpayers and consumers … Third, as Americans expect a safe and secure food supply …. fourth, Perdue will always remember that America’s agricultural bounty comes directly from the land. 

Perdue has a long career in the food industry. According to his April 25 statement.: 

Perdue’s views on agriculture have always been shaped by his first-hand knowledge of all of its aspects, both as a farmer and as an agribusinessman.  He appreciates the daily concerns and needs of American farmers, while also understanding the intricacies of global commodities markets.  He is acknowledged as a national leader in agriculture, having served as a board member for the National Grain & Feed Association, and as President of both the Georgia Feed and Grain Association and the Southeastern Feed and Grain Association. Perdue has long-standing, close relationships with the leadership of the National Farm Bureau and has been recognized by the Georgia 4-H and FFA programs, among others, for his leadership in agriculture.

Throughout Perdue’s career in Georgia politics and agriculture, Georgia’s Latino population has grown from 109,000 in 1990 to 854,000 in 2017. In 2016, Trump won the state with just 51 percent of the vote. 
Perdue’s new hire for the agriculture department is likely Kristi Boswell, who was a registered lobbyist and director of congressional relations for the American Farm Bureau Federation. She argues that farms need to import more workers or else watch unpicked crops rot in the ground.

However, food prices show no increase from a shortage of labor. In fact, food prices are dropping as higher labor costs push the industry to use more machines. Breitbart reported in late April that:

Bloomberg’s was just one of many stories that appeared last year claiming that farms were suffering from a labor shortage and that crops were rotting in the fields. Many claimed that American households would pay higher prices for food if urgent action was not taken to relieve the alleged farm labor shortage.
Those predictions turned out to be very far off the mark. Prices paid for food purchased for American households declined in 2016, falling 1.3 percent below 2015 levels. It was the first annual decline in supermarket prices since 1967, according to the Department of Agriculture. The price of fresh fruit, arguably the most affected by temporary farm labor, rose 2.2 percent, just about equal to the 2.1 rise recorded in the Consumer Price Index.

Even as prices drop, farmers’ household incomes are expected to rise, according to Perdue’s agriculture department: 

The median income of U.S. farm households increased steadily over 2010-14, reaching an estimated $81,637 in 2014. After dipping in 2015 to $76,735, median household income is forecast to rise over the next 2 years, reaching an expected $79,733 in 2017.

In 2016, farmers and food processors imported roughly 75,000 short-term H-2A visa workers to complement their workforce, half of whom are estimated to be illegal aliens. Their labor supply is also augmented by refugees from Somalia and other countries. 
Many politicians quietly or openly support this flow of foreign labor to the old agriculture business. For example, in September 2016, Ryan told The Atlantic’s Ron Brownstein that “what I’ve always believed is that you need to retool the legal system so that it fits the economy’s needs … transition our legal [immigration] system so that visas are given to what are needed for the economy. Do we have a shortage of dairy workers in western Wisconsin? Yes, we do. “
Back in 2013, Ryan told National Journal that “the dairy farmers in western Wisconsin are having a hard time finding anyone to help them produce their products, which are mostly cheese. If they can’t find workers, then they can’t produce, and we’ll end up importing … The flip side of the argument is: Just raise wages enough to attract people. But you raise wages too much in certain industries, then you’ll get rid of those industries, and we’ll just have to import.”
The food industry wants a steady supply of cheap foreign labor because many of the illegal immigrants hired by the food industry quickly quit those jobs and try to compete for blue-collar jobs in towns and cities around the nation. They quick leave the farms jobs because the wage rates are low, and they quickly leave the food-processing jobs — for example, at meatpacking plants — because the manual labor is tough, dangerous and eventually harmful to the migrants’ hands and backs.
High-wage Japan and European countries, however, are forced to use robots in their meatpacking plants.

The U.S. food industry’s demand for migrant workers largely created the nation’s population of roughly 11 million illegals, which has imposed huge costs on the rest of society. For example, rural towns have to police and aid the diverse migrants that are hired by slaughterhouses or dairy factories, and also have to accommodate their children — including many who do not speak English — in small-town schools that are trying to deliver a good education to the local children.
Nationally, the inflow of illegal and legal foreign labor annually shifts $500 billion from Americans wage-earners over to investors and Wall Street. The illegal immigration costs taxpayers cities and states more than $100 billion per year, according to the Federation for American Immigration Reform.  Nationwide, roughly 10 percent of American “prime age” men, or 7 million men aged 25 to 54, have stayed out of the nation’s workforce of 160 million amid the glut of cheap immigrant labor. The working-age Americans are not trying to get jobs, and are not participating in the nation’s labor force, largely because of low wage rates, according to an August statement by Jason Furman, the chief economic advisor to former President Barack Obama. That huge population of non-working rural Americans has jump-started opioid epidemic.
Critics of cheap-labor immigration decry Perdue’s anti-technology pitch:

@MarkSKrikorian @kausmickey We tried to send warning B4. Sonny is a cheap labor, Big Ag amnesty dude. S. GA growers have same outlook here as they did in 1859. #gapol
— D.A. King (@DAKDIS) April 29, 2017

Meanwhile, Trump’s supporters have already begun protesting Perdue’s hire of the pro-migrant lobbyist:

.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @vp @seanspicer
Why are you allowing open-borders / cheap-labor fanatic @KristiBoswell to inform ag policy?
— Gregory Montfort (@GregMontfort) April 21, 2017


@GregMontfort @KristiBoswell @cathymcmorris Why does @realDonaldTrump have people like illegal alien amnesty advocate Kristi Boswell in his admin? Kristi is a joke. Not what we voted 4 pic.twitter.com/jkKvp2EjrX
— Patriotic Mama☄ (@BluegillRises) April 22, 2017

 



ARTICLE
Sessions visited Long Island on Friday to deliver a message of hope to the area embattled by MS-13, The New York Times reported.
Speaking at the United States Courthouse in Central Islip, Sessions had a very simple message for MS-13: “We are targeting you.”
“The MS-13 motto is kill, rape and control,” Sessions said. “I have a message to the gangs that are targeting our young people: We are targeting you. We are coming after you.”
The trip by Sessions to Long Island comes after four teenagers were found brutally murdered near a soccer field on April 13. Before Sessions arrival, Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) announced on Wednesday that a new unit had been created by the New York State Police to combat MS-13. The announcement by Cuomo came just as officials with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced that Long Island is home to over 200 “hardcore members” of MS-13.
However, on Friday some 200 protesters gathered at the courthouse to voice their distaste for Sessions and the Trump administration’s tough stances on illegal immigration.
Rep. Peter T. King (R-NY), who invited Sessions to Long Island to meet with local law enforcement, was visibly upset by the protesters.
“They should be on their knees thanking him, not out there protesting,” King said. “It’s shameful, it’s disgraceful that leaders in the community would criticize the attorney general.”
On March 2, 13 MS-13 members, 10 of whom were illegal aliens, were indicted for the murder of two girls and five other individuals in Brentwood, NY.
Sessions said that securing the border and restoring lawful immigration is key to combatting gangs like MS-13. “We cannot continue with this transporting across our border illegal immigrants who have not been properly vetted and actually are part of criminal organizations,” Sessions said.
A poll published on Monday by Rasmussen Reports found that 47 percent of those surveyed agreed that MS-13 should be designated as a terrorist organization while only 17 percent disagreed and 35 percent were unsure. The move to designate MS-13 as a terrorist organization was supported by both Republicans and Democrats surveyed.
Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.
 



ARTICLE
Three of the four officers were white; King, who died in 2012, was black. (Two officers were later convicted in a federal civil rights trial.)
As Bay Area public radio station KQED recalls:
Fury over the acquittal — stoked by years of racial and economic inequality in the city — spilled over into the streets, resulting in five days of rioting in Los Angeles. It ignited a national conversation about racial and economic disparity and police use of force that continues today.
…
The acquittals were announced around 3 p.m.; less than three hours later, the unrest began.
Residents set fires, looted and destroyed liquor stores, grocery stores, retail shops and fast food restaurants. Light-skinned motorists — both white and Latino — were targeted; some were pulled out of their cars and beaten.
The reaction to the acquittal in South Central Los Angeles — now known just as South Los Angeles — was particularly violent. At the time, more than half of the population there was black. Tension had already been mounting in the neighborhood in the years leading up to the riots: the unemployment rate was about 50 percent, a drug epidemic was ravaging the area, and gang activity and violent crime were high.
During the riots, a white trucker, Reginald Denny, was nearly beaten to death by gang members, and footage of the beating was captured overhead. Four black bystanders intervened and saved Denny by driving him to the hospital.
In the years since then, there has been significant improvement in the relationship between the LAPD and minority communities in the city. For that reason, the marches of the Black Lives Matter movement in 2014 caught many observers by surprise.
During the riots, King pleaded for calm: “I just want to say – you know – can we all get along?”
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak 



ARTICLE
The poll taken of 2,006 adults between April 23 and 26 is certainly bad news for the political media as 37 percent of respondents said they trust the Trump White House, while only 29 percent said they trust the media.
Worse for the media, the day before their April 29 dinner, the poll found that 51 percent of respondents said the national political media “is out of touch with everyday Americans,” while only 28 percent said the media “understand the issues every day Americans are facing.”
The poll sponsored by Morning Consult unsurprisingly found a partisan outcome with its questions. But what should concern the media is that independents also said they trust the White House more than they trust the media.
Republicans had an extremely lopsided view of the press with 72 percent saying the White House was more apt to tell the truth. Only 10 percent said the media would deliver real news while 18 percent said they did not know.
Of course, Democratic respondents trusted the media more than they do Trump, but at a much closer margin. 54 percent favor the media with only 12 percent saying they trust the White House. Perhaps a bit surprising was the 34 percent who said they were not sure which was more truthful.
But independents broke towards the Republican position with 37 percent saying they trust the White House more than the media (29 percent). Like Democrats, 34 percent said they were not sure.
In an age when the media has taken special care to try and discredit President Trump at every turn, the media’s antagonism has driven independents away, not toward, trusting news coverage. The survey found that 43 percent said the media had been harder on Trump than any other president, and almost half (49 percent) said the media is out of touch with average Americans.
President Trump spent much of the last year lambasting the media for misreporting the facts, and his recent rally cry that the media engages in “fake news” has also struck a chord with Americans. The poll found that 42 percent said they have seen “fake news” stories in newspapers and TV broadcasts more than once a day. Another 31 percent said they see fake news several times a week in those same traditional media outlets.
This result was echoed a few days earlier in another poll, this one of Trump voters. The poll, sponsored by the University of Virginia Center for Politics, found that 88 percent agree with Trump’s claim that the media is the enemy of the American people.
So, as the media prepare to meet in Washington D.C. for their annual White House Correspondent’s Dinner, President Trump will be meeting with Americans in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017

The announcement came after the president decided to skip the annual dinner, breaking with the tradition presidents have set in attending the media’s event.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
From the Roosevelt Room of the White House, President Trump thanked Secretaries Wilbur Ross and Ryan Zinke, lauded their job performance, then told those gathered:
This is a great day for American workers and families, and today we’re unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy jobs. Our country is blessed with incredible natural resources, including abundant offshore oil and natural gas reserves. But the federal government has kept 94 percent of these offshore areas closed for exploration and production.  And when they say closed, they mean closed.
This deprives our country of potentially thousands and thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in wealth. I pledged to take action, and today I am keeping that promise.
The President stated that the order initiates “opening offshore areas to job-creating energy exploration,” which reverses an Obama Administration Arctic leasing ban. “It reverses the previous administration’s Arctic leasing ban, and directs Secretary Zinke to allow responsible development of offshore areas that will bring revenue to our Treasury and jobs to our workers.”
Then-President Barack Obama seized this last days’ opportunity to shore up his environmental policy in December 2016. The Washington Post reported that he banned offshore oil and gas drilling in hundreds of millions of acres of federal land in the Arctic and Atlantic Oceans. The ban was coordinated with a related move by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. The report cited a White House aide, who claimed regarding the Section 12-A of the 1953 act withdrawals, “There is no authority for subsequent presidents to un-withdraw … I can’t speak to what a future Congress will do.”
After the Obama-era Arctic leasing ban was announced, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) responded in a tweet the Post cited, “Yet another Obama abuse of power. Hopefully, on[e] that will be reversed…exactly one month from today.”
Trump added that the order, “will enable better scientific study of our offshore resources and research that has blocked everything from happening for far too long.” The result, according to Trump, will be energy cost reduction and job creation, while making the country more secure and energy independent.
“It’s going to lead to a lot of great wealth for our country and a lot of great jobs for our country,” said Trump.
Ahead of the President’s speech, Vice President Mike Pence called the order “an important step toward American energy independence.”
The entire executive order can be found at WhiteHouse.gov.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
Sgt. Wylie and the female Belgian Malinois dog served for two years (2012-2014) at the Osan Air Base in South Korea.
The two military comrades — Sgt. Wylie and Emra — recently reunited in Cincinnati, OH, courtesy of the American Humane group, the Crown Media Family Networks, and individual donors across the country.
“Emra and I had such a strong bond in South Korea, but I will admit, my biggest fear was that she would not recognize me,” the soon to retire, 13-year Air Force veteran, who has also served in Iran and Afghanistan, told Breitbart News. “It had been nearly three years since we were together at Osan Air Base.”
“As Emra approached me for the first time since Osan, she was so distracted by the cameras and all the equipment, that she hesitated for a moment to smell the lenses and microphones. For that split second, my heart dropped into my stomach,” he continued. “But then it happened! She looked right at me, nuzzled into my neck, and licked my face.”
As a single purpose patrol dog, the U.S. military charged Emra with protecting American troops in South Korea.
“She had not forgotten the long shifts together posted out in the middle of nowhere or the endless hours training together,” added Emra’s former handler and trainer. “We are inseparable now, just like we were for our two years serving together. Emra never leaves my side and always has to keep eyes on me. She knows what I am feeling without even having to utter a word. Our bond is deep and we are very protective of one another.”
Sgt. Wylie and Emra were a K-9 team in South Korea, conducting patrol duties.
K-9 military teams were strategically deployed around the U.S. base in and around Pyeongtaek to serve as “listening posts” and deter incursions by North Korean enemy personnel, Breitbart News learned from the American Humane group.
The nine-year-old Belgian Malinois retired from the military due to old age. Wylie and Emra will be spending their retirement together.
In describing what he felt when he joined his pal after spending three years apart, the sergeant told Breitbart News, “Excited only describes the tip of the iceberg. Emra is home where she belongs — with my wife, daughter, and I.”
Referring to his family visiting him in South Korea, Sgt. Wylie added, “They knew Emra was there for me while I was stationed so far away from home so they spent every moment they could bathing, feeding, and playing with her while Emra wasn’t working and watching us train whenever they could. I am so proud of Emra and she means the world to me — to all of us. We all now feel complete.”
Sgt. Wylie will end his 13-year enlistment in the Air Force in May and start a new career at the U.S. State Department as a K-9 handler and security specialist.
“American Humane is honored to reunite two American military heroes and best friends today. Bringing Emra home to retire on U.S. soil is the very least all of us as Americans can do to express our gratitude for her extraordinary service and sacrifices on behalf of our nation,” declared Dr. Robin Ganzert, president and CEO of American Humane, in a statement.
In collaboration with the Crown Media Family Networks and individual donors throughout the United States, American Humane funded the cost of bringing Emra from South Korea back to the United States.
“Sgt. Wylie and Emra are the 32nd military team to be reunited by American Humane,” the organization noted. “American Humane is also providing lifetime veterinary care for Emra.”
“American Humane has worked to support the U.S. military for a century: American Humane’s animal rescue program was born on the battlefields of World War I Europe, where, at the request of the U.S. Secretary of War, volunteers with American Humane deployed to rescue and care for 68,000 wounded war horses each month,” the statement added, noting that the organization continues to honor its legacy.





 Local Air Force sergeant reunited with beloved military dog, Emra, after years apart! Joe Webb has the story at 6pm on #Local12
A post shared by Local 12 WKRC-TV (@local12wkrc) on Apr 20, 2017 at 2:22pm PDT






ARTICLE
The incident occurred at a Kansas City Jimmy John’s around 9:15 p.m.
According to Fox 13, the robbery suspect was “wearing a baby blue sweatshirt and black hat.” He ordered food, then tried–unsuccessfully–to rack the slide on his pistol. Video of the incident shows a bullet ended up being jammed between the slide and the barrel’s chamber, yet the suspect pointed the gun at the cashier and carried out the robbery anyway.

The cashier remained extremely calm throughout the incident, even though the suspect placed the end of the barrel just inches from the cashier’s head. In fact–once the robbery attempt was obvious–the cashier “simply takes his gloves off, takes the money out of the register and hands it to the suspect, without any change in his demeanor whatsoever.”
The suspect took the money and fled the scene, but police reported that he was arrested on Friday.
Police did not indicate whether the cashier knew the gun was jammed.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The ad points to newly-elected DNC Chairman Tom Perez’s foul language as being completely at odds with former First Lady Michelle Obama’s slogan, “when they go low, we go high.”
“They don’t give out prizes for the biggest horse’s ass,” Perez says in the video clip after they play Michelle Obama’s now-famous words. “And the race is on to the bottom,” CBS anchor John Dickerson says in the video clip in reaction to Perez’s words. “Or, whatever is below the bottom,” before the video cuts back to Perez saying, “those Republican leaders and President Trump don’t give a shit about the people they were trying to hurt.”

During the 2016 campaign, Michelle Obama spent her time telling Democrats, “when they go low, we go high.” Yet America Rising’s new video highlights the stark contrast between those fighting words and Perez ‘s coarse, spiteful language against the Republican Party. It has even been suggested that Perez’s verbiage is a sign of desperation and weakness.
This month, Sanders and Perez kicked off their “Unity Tour” in Portland, Maine. Perez was booed by the crowd. “Maybe you came because you’re curious about the new DNC Chairman [Tom Perez] and the future of the Democratic Party,” the female speaker who introduced Perez said to loud boos and chants against Perez.

Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) has drawn much larger crowds than Perez has, which could be just one of several reasons why Perez had appeared to embrace more far-left rhetoric. Sanders had a significant and thriving base of supporters.
“For a party with a message problem, there’s something exhausting about the overuse of the manure spreader,” Dickerson said. The video then shoots to a clip of Perez saying, “That is bullshit.” And another of him saying, “The wall he wants to build; it’s gonna have a garage door because all the shit he makes in Mexico.” And then with a clip of Perez saying, “they call their budget a skinny budget; I call it a shitty budget.”
In two scenes, Perez attempts to curb his foul mouth due to the presence of children.
“It suggests a reliance on shock rather than strength of an argument,” Dickerson says of Perez. He posits, “In times of tension, do you keep your standards or do you drop them?”
The ad closes out with Michelle Obama saying, “the hateful language they hear from public figures on TV does not represent the true spirit of this country.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
In military history, the quote “Get there firstest with the mostest”—that is, strike first, and strike hard—is often attributed to the Confederate general Nathan Bedford Forrest. Forrest apparently never said it, but for sure, he practiced it. In the Civil War, he was the leader most skilled at combining mass and maneuver.
A century later, another Tennessean, Howard Baker, made much the same point, although admittedly in a vastly different context.  Whereas Forrest was a warrior’s warrior, Baker was a politician’s politician.
Baker was the leader of the Republicans in the Senate from 1976 to 1984, and he, too, had his share of victories. Most notably, in 1981, Baker guided President Ronald Reagan’s big tax cut through the Senate; indeed, later in the 80s, he served as Reagan’s White House chief of staff.
Baker liked to say that he learned the secret of politics in the first grade: “I learned how to count.”  That is, you have to know your own strength and, of course, the strength of your opponent.  Then, when and where you have the advantage, you make your move.  As has also been said of strategy, both martial and political, the goal is to “Hit ‘em where they ain’t.”  That is, where they’re weakest.
Baker’s point about counting might seem painfully simple, but it’s actually not so simple; its basic truth has eluded many in politics.  After all, if there’s a “fog of war,” there’s also a “fog of life.”  When events are swirling, it’s hard to keep track of one’s friends, let alone one’s foes.
To illustrate, once again, the supreme importance of correctly counting votes, we can cite the two latest attempts to repeal-and-replace Obamacare—that is, the push that failed on March 24, and the push that failed (at least for the moment) on April 27.  In each instance, Republicans had high hopes as they pushed different versions of the American Health Care Act (AHCA); for clarity, we can call them AHCA 1.0 and AHCA 2.0.
The politics of health care have long been challenging to both parties.  Yes, the Republicans won big in the 2010 and 2014 midterm elections on an anti-Obamacare message.  Yet at the same time, Barack Obama and the Democrats won big in 2008 on a pro-national-health-insurance platform, and in 2012, Obama won big a second time, defending, of course, his 2010 enactment of Obamacare.
Yes, it’s true that after the 2016 elections, Republicans could claim they had a national mandate to repeal Obama’s signature program.  And yet at the same time, Democrats could just as rightly claim that they still had their mandate to protect Obamacare. Just about every Democrat with a seat in Congress today has campaigned as a strong champion of national health insurance.
Meanwhile, the voters, bless ‘em, have given Republicans their majorities, but not overwhelming majorities, of the sort that would let the GOP go buck wild.  Thus we have a case, one could say, of dueling mandates, relatively closely matched.
To further illustrate this dueling-mandate reality, we can recall that in last year’s presidential election, Donald Trump won with 46 percent of the popular vote (although, of course, he earned a clear majority in the electoral college).  In the meantime, on that same day, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer won re-election in New York with 70 percent of the vote, and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi won re-election in her California district with 81 percent.  So we can see: These Democrats, among many others, feel zero imperative to bow down to the White House.
Moreover, Republicans in Congress—including those opposed to one or both of the AHCAs—can make the same argument: They, too, have a mandate.  One such is Rep. Leonard Lance of New Jersey, who was re-elected last year with 54 percent; that is, he ran more than 13 points ahead of Trump’s Garden State showing.  In the middle of the latest AHCA debate, the independent-minded Lance declared:
I ran in support of a plan that lowers premiums, increases access and lowers health care costs across the board.  Until I see a Congressional Budget Office score that says the revised bill achieves those goals, I remain a “no” vote.
To be sure, the victories of Schumer, Pelosi, and Lance weren’t national, as was Trump’s triumph.  And yet under our constitutional system, the Executive and Legislative branches are equal.
Indeed, if anything, the Legislative branch is ultimately more powerful—if and when it chooses to exert its power, as it has with AHCA 1.0 and 2.0.
We can further note: Per the Constitution, the Chief Executive actually has little institutional leverage over Congress; there’s a reason that legislators are also known as “lawmakers.”  As the wise say in DC, The President proposes, and the Congress disposes.
Of course, in the real world, any president possesses enormous power.  And yet as the famed political scientist Richard Neustadt put it, The power of the presidency is the power to persuade;  that is, the President can use the “bully pulpit” to set the agenda and advance his program. The phrase “bully pulpit,” of course, comes from our 26th president, Theodore Roosevelt; he knew how to get his way.  Still, the words have no basis in the Constitution, and it’s up to each president to find, if he can, his leadership voice.
Thus we can see today: If President Trump wishes to wield power, he must wield words—words of persuasion.  And so in the past few months, Virgil has been struck by the fact that Trump has chosen not to give a big speech, or speeches—from the White House, or from podiums across the country—on behalf of AHCA.  To be sure, the 45th president has said plenty and tweeted plenty, but those actions haven’t had the same impact as would a nationally televised address to the nation, in which the Commander-in-Chief laid out his case to the nation.
In the meantime, in the absence of such rhetorical “air cover,” support for AHCA fell.  It will be remembered that AHCA 1.0 suffered from a severe popularity deficit; according to a Quinnipiac poll released on March 23, the day before 1.0 was pulled, public approval for the bill stood at just 17 percent, while 56 percent disapproved.  Lopsided numbers such as that never fail to get the attention of re-election-minded Members.
For its part, AHCA 2.0 didn’t seem to be popular, either.  The latest version came and went so quickly that specific polling didn’t have time to catch up, but according to one compendium of polls, overall approval/disapproval of administration healthcare policies stands at a dismal 36:53.
Moreover, the biggest healthcare constituency organizations, including AARP,  the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the American Nurses Association, and a great many patient-advocacy groups, were all  lining up against AHCA 2.0, just as they had opposed 1.0.  The weight of that opposition, we can be sure, would likely have further depressed the polling numbers.
In addition, one particular headline, from The Los Angeles Times, was not encouraging: “GOP shuts out doctors, experts, Democrats—pretty much everybody—as they work on Obamacare repeal.”  Some might ask: Was this downer of a headline an example of media bias?  Maybe even “fake news?”  To start answering such questions, the best thing to do is read the article, including this quote from Sister Carol Keehan, president of the Catholic Health Association, which represents hospitals and health systems:
To think you are going to revamp the entire American healthcare system without involving any of the people who actually deliver healthcare is insanity.
Unless Keehan was misquoted, it would seem that she, at least, agrees with the headline.  We can readily observe: It’s hard to enact a bill in the face of such opposition.  And we can further observe: If Republicans wish to win an Obamacare fight in 2017 or  beyond, they will have to work to bring at least some of these groups around, at least to a point of neutrality.  It’s called “politics.”
For more political perspective, we can turn to The Washington Examiner’s Byron York.  In York’s telling, the bottom line of AHCA can be stated simply: Absent any cooperation from the Democrats, the House Republican leadership doesn’t have the votes even within the GOP Conference to move forward.  Once again, we see the importance of counting votes.  In his wrap-up on Thursday night, York went through the numbers, and closed with a hard-to-answer question:
There are a lot of Republicans, say 40 to 50, who don’t want to repeal Obamacare.  Given unanimous Democratic opposition, that means that there are somewhere around 190, or maybe 195, House members who actually want to repeal Obamacare.  That will never get the job done.  . . .  And if that is the case, the question is, why are Republicans trying? [emphasis added]
Still, even in the wake of this second failure, some Republicans will bravely insist that AHCA is still alive.  That is, House Republicans will spring it again, however further modified, when they can get the votes.  And yes, someday—maybe even tomorrow—they might be able to eke out a majority in their chamber.  Or maybe not.
Still, even if a health bill ever does clear the House, its prospects in the Senate—where Republicans have a much narrower margin—will be dim.  As Senator Lindsey Graham has said of AHCA 2.0:
I don’t know if this bill is better . . . the worst thing we can do is replace it with a Republican-only alternative that doesn’t drive down costs, that doesn’t improve access to care.  A Republican-only bill to replace a Democratic-only bill is not what I hope for.  I hope for a bipartisan bill.
We can conclude: Any bipartisan bill that succeeds in the Senate (or the House) would not be a repeal at all; it would be, at best, “mild reform.”  To be sure, some conservative activists deride Graham as a RINO.  However, that label—or any label—doesn’t change the fact that Graham is a U.S. Senator, with, yes, his own mandate from the voters of the Palmetto State.
In the meantime, back in the House, the Loyal Opposition is on the hunt.  Here’s an April 26 headline in a Capitol Hill publication that undoubtedly got the attention of any Republican in a swing district: “Democrats Make Campaign Issue out of GOP Health Care Proposal: As soon as House Republicans started talking about another vote on a revised health care plan, Democrats began sharpening their knives.”  The article detailed the efforts of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, plus allied groups, to weaponize Obamacare as a way of winning back the House for the Dems in 2018.
Are the Democrats kidding themselves if they think that Obamacare has gone from being a losing issue to a winning issue?  We’ll know the definitive answer to that question in a year-and-a-half.  But in the meantime, it’s obvious that many Congressional Republicans believe that on health care, they’re now on the defensive.  Moreover, the RealClearPolitics rolling average for the generic Congressional ballot shows Democrats with a 5.4 percent edge over the GOP.
Of course, the status quo of April 2017 doesn’t have to define the electoral lay of the land in November 2018.  There’s plenty of time for Republicans to improve their political prospects.  However, such positive change will likely have to come from within the GOP.  And that means, to cite one urgent f’rinstance, a renewed commitment to pro-growth policies, as a way of counteracting the slowdown of the economy.
In other words, Republicans will have to start doing things differently: They’ll have to think of ways to get back on the offensive—hitting the Democrats firstest with the mostest.
Without a doubt, such change will be an adjustment, and perhaps at times it will even be a difficult adjustment.  But then, of course, losing the Republican House majority—and even, remotely but still conceivably, the GOP Senate majority—would be vastly more difficult.  Indeed, such losses would be downright painful.
In the coming installments, Virgil will look at some policy successes of the past, and how they were achieved, with an eye toward outlining potential successes in the future.



ARTICLE
The magazine’s writer, T.A. Frank, is a liberal with some understanding of the Trump coalition and he argues that the Democrats hope to break Trump’s presidency by blocking funds for the wall:
Thwart Trump and he looks weak. You force him to break his signature promise. His agenda stalls. The Hispanic vote moves even more solidly to the left. The Democratic base gets energized, and Trump’s base gets demoralized and stays home in the next couple of elections. It’s cost-free. That’s why Chuck Schumer has spoken of “shutting down the government” if Trump tries to get the wall going … People are now suggesting Trump has given up on the wall in all but rhetoric. And this would be momentous. If Trump’s wall is dead, then Trump’s presidency is dead
But Trump is still trying to get funds for the wall, in the face of uniform and public Democratic opposition plus widespread closed-door opposition from GOP leaders. In a Friday, April 28 speech to the National Rifle Association, for example, he declared that: “We’ll build a wall. Don’t even think about [not getting a wall]. Don’t even think about it. Don’t even think about it. That’s an easy one.”
Amid unified Democratic opposition, Trump only has two choices, argues Vanity Fair:
Trump’s options are limited. He could in theory play—or have played—a ruthless game to get his way, since Trump has the power to revoke the “deferred action for childhood arrivals” or DACA order that Barack Obama signed in order to shield those who have arrived here illegally as children. An icier type wouldn’t have hesitated to hold the fate of these people hostage for wall funding, employing rhetoric about the importance of tying today’s forgiveness to tomorrow’s prevention, and so on. But Trump shows few signs of being that callous, and he has conveyed only reassurances to the Dreamers. So threats of this sort will not be his approach.
The second option would be to try to sell the wall—and do a better job of it than he did with Ryancare … Trump could try to sell people on a vision of America with tighter labor markets [that push up higher wages], more equitable distribution of wealth, and less [civic] balkanization … He could pair this with a pitch for the wall, arguing that walls are peaceful and usually effective, and they reduce the need for more intrusive forms of enforcement such as workplace raids and deportation. But Trump has only figured out how to use the wall to sell himself. He never figured out how to use himself to sell the wall.

Democrats oppose the wall, in large part, because it is an effective barrier that future politicians can’t remove, and is also a concrete symbol of Americans’ determination to block the flow of cheap labor, welfare-funded customers, renters and future voters from Mexico to Democratic-dominated cities along the coasts.
But Trump also faces a huge problem in getting top GOP leaders to fund his plans for a wall, because the wall would shrink the flow of illegal immigrants sought by many business groups in Texas, Georgia and other red states.
Throughout April, that closed-door GOP opposition meant that GOP leaders failed to push Democrats to approve Trump’s request to build an additional 48 miles of border barrier in 2017. The requested $1 billion was blocked by Democrats, although congressional leaders say Trump will get the extra funds for other homeland security tasks in the 2017 supplemental budget, now slated for approval in early May.
The closed-door GOP opposition is cloaking itself as a supporter of alternatives to Trump’s permanent concrete-and-metal barrier, such as an invisible fence of expensive sensors and border patrol agents which later can be switched off as soon as Trump leaves the White House.
A wall “really means ‘security’ … It could be open surveillance to prevent people from crossing,” Florida GOP Rep. Dennis Ross told Bloomberg in December. “It does not mean an actual wall.”
“I’ve always thought the wall was a metaphor for securing the border,” not an actual wall, claimed Wisconsin GOP Sen. Ron Johnson during an April CNN interview.
“There will never be a 2,200-mile wall built, period,” claimed South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham, a pro-amnesty Republican. “I think it’s become symbolic of better border security. It’s a code word for better border security. If you make it about actually building a 2,200-mile wall, that’s a bridge too far.”
“I think a wall is anything that will stop people from coming into the country illegally,” claimed Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Lou Barletta. “It could be a variety of what can be used to be successful.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan is also downplaying the wall part of the wall. “Conditions on the ground determine what you need in a particular area,” he told CBS’s “60 Minutes.”
Immigration reformers are pushing Trump to fight for wall funding in the 2018 budget, due in October. “Construction of a border wall was one of the president’s signature promises during his campaign,” said a statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform.

As he has made clear, an effective border security plan would include a wall in areas of the border where it is a viable and effective deterrent and that other sections of the border would be enhanced by technology and additional manpower. We expect that the president will deliver on these commitments.
Unfortunately, past versions of a ‘comprehensive border security plan’ have been ineffective because they did not require the laying of a single brick of border wall. Such a cosmetic approach was a precursor to amnesty and both have been consistently rejected by the American people. We look forward to seeing details of the president’s plan that will actually get the job done of securing our southern border.”
However, border security is only one component of a needed overhaul of immigration. Much more is expected by the American people and the White House must demand Congress pass meaningful reforms to eliminate the incentives for illegal immigration and create a legal immigration system that truly serves identifiable national interests.”
Read more about the wall here.



ARTICLE
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio, Virgin Airlines founder Richard Branson, and former vice president Al Gore are expected to attend, according to the Washington Post.

Tomorrow, we’re marching for a better world. March with us and #BeInconvenient https://t.co/foQhOdUW9l #ClimateMarch pic.twitter.com/IEAIKdSpaI
— Al Gore (@algore) April 28, 2017

The people backing the march range from the Communist Party USA, the Sierra Club, CODEPINK, and the Barack Obama-backed Organizing for Action.
But the man funding many of the organizations listed on the march’s website as members of the steering committee have received millions of dollars from George Soros, the left-wing billionaire who has deep roots in the U.S. environmental movement and other liberal causes.
“The ‘People’s Climate March,’ scheduled for the 100th day of Donald Trump’s presidency, claims to be a movement of the people. But is it really?” Newsbusters reported on Friday.
“It turns out one-third of the steering committee organizations have one thing in common — donations from George Soros,” Newsbusters reported. “The liberal billionaire gave them more than $36 million combined.”
“Between 2000 and 2014, Soros gave $36,018,461 million to 18 of the 55 steering committee members of the People’s Climate March,” Newsbusters reported. “Donations to six of those groups were more $1 million each: Center for Community Change, the NAACP, the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), People’s Action, Public Citizen and Union of Concerned Scientists.”
Newsbusters noted that only three of these six organizations — NRDC, Public Citizen and Union of Concerned Scientists — have climate as all or part of their mission, calling into question why so many non-climate focused groups are taking part in the march.
“The presence of many non-climate related organizations leading the march indicated that this climate march (just like the March for Science and the Women’s March) is not about a single issue, but about attacking the new administration,” Newsbusters reported.
The People’s Climate Change website states:
Everything we have struggled to move forward in the United States is in peril. Our loved ones feel under siege, and those in power in Washington are advancing a dark and dangerous vision of America that we know is untrue. To change everything, we need everyone.
On the 100th Day of the Trump Administration, we will be in the streets of Washington D.C. to show the world and our leaders that we will resist attacks on our people, our communities and our planet.
We will come together from across the United States to strengthen our movement. We will demonstrate our power and resistance at the gates of the White House. We will bring our solutions to the climate crisis, the problems that affect our communities and the threats to peace to our leaders in Congress to demand action.
Meanwhile, the Washington Post reports, “Environmentalists will once again rally in the nation’s capital this weekend, this time for the People’s Climate March,” noting that the march “will be more political and aimed at specific Trump administration policies.”
The Post said it’s “unclear” just how many people will show up, but “organizers are prepared to accommodate 50,000 to 100,000 people.”



ARTICLE
The author of the Pulitzer Prize-winning The Color Purple and Possessing the Secret of Joy – a novel that attacks the practice of FGM and the mythologies that sustain it – Walker told Feminist.com founder and executive director Marianne Schnall in December, 2006, that she had recently received word that “some scholars very high in the hierarchy of the Muslim world” had met in Cairo and resolved that “female genital mutilation is not to happen henceforth among Muslims.”
Walker, who, in 1993, also co-authored, with Pratibha Parmar, Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women, further explained:
And my friend Pratibha Parmar is visiting and she and I made a film called Warrior Marks that talks about female genital mutilation and we just almost cried, because it’s such a major acknowledgement from people who have traditionally ignored the problem. Basically people like these scholars have ignored the problem.
Walker said when men realize they are in danger of contracting AIDS from women who have been victims of FGM, then they will condemn the practice.
“[A] lot of it has to be about making sure that men, and maybe starting really young, really understand that they are endangering themselves,” Walker explained, adding:
Because they really are very self-interested people, most men – and I say that because when I started talking about female genital mutilation and writing about it – many men in Africa and elsewhere just completely denied it, and just didn’t want to hear about it. Until I said, ‘Well, you know, you notice how AIDS is spreading, and one of the ways that it spreads is through these fissures and tears that happen when you have intercourse with someone who has been mutilated,” – and that really sat them up very straight.
Walker, an advisory board member of Feminist.com, along with Gloria Steinem and Jane Fonda, said that while she and other feminists are “tired” of educating men, it still seems to be “really important.”
“Especially if we’re thinking of our sisters’ and daughters’ health,” she added. “And not only that, so many of us by now have these wonderful feminist sons and grandsons, who really are allies, and we should give them the respect as allies, in changing a lot of the things that are wrong and done against women in the world.”
Walker’s horror regarding FGM and its association with Islam is at odds with fellow feminist Germaine Greer, who appeared as a guest with Australia’s Tony Jones of ABC.net’s Q&A.
Greer said Islam is not the problem when it comes to FGM.
“And it’s the sort of caricature of Islam that we keep promulgating,” she continued. “But it… All of this is weird. I mean, one of the commonest operations in the United States is reduction of the labia minora. And it costs you $8,000 or something, and it’s carried out massively. Huge, thousands, hundreds of thousands of cases a year.”
The Q&A discussion continued:
Tony Jones:
But do you class that as genital mutilation?
Germaine Greet:
Well, I class circumcision as genital mutilation. Sorry, guys. If you’re going to really deal with this question of genital mutilation, start paying attention. Find out what happens to human genitalia. It’s not pretty and you mightn’t like it, but you’re going to be in a pretty silly situation if you start, you know, doing the – what did we used to call it? – the short-arm test, at the passport control. “Let me see if you’ve been mutilated.” And why does that particular mutilation have this kudos? Why is it such an important thing? Why does God like it? I don’t think God likes it at all. I think God should take issue.
During an interview at the end of 2015 with Tami Simon on podcast Insights at the Edge, Walker said she was shocked to hear people criticize her for exposing the problem of FGM.
She continued:
Now, there is a place that you would think is so obvious. I mean, would you yourself hold down a little baby girl and proceed to cut away all of her genitals? It should be a no-brainer—just an anathema. People should look at you—and some of them did—and say, “Well, that’s just not possible.” Well, it is possible. It’s happening right this minute.
I wrote this novel, Possessing the Secret of Joy, made a film about the practice—first went all over places where FGM is practiced [and] made a film—lugged the film around Africa, wherever we could find a projector, and [then] London, New York, San Francisco. Everywhere we went—[filmmaker] Pratibha Parmar and I—and still, after ten years, to have people say things like, “Oh, this is the colonial gaze. She’s just trying to get back in the limelight.” Really. As you can tell, I am still on some level speechless.
Walker said the practice of FGM has been traveling from Africa and now to London. With the increase in immigration from countries that perform FGM, more girls in the United States are undergoing the cutting as well. A recent study suggests the imported practice of FGM can actually segregate hundreds of thousands of American girls of immigrant parents from their peers in mainstream American society.
“That’s why that book is written the way it is written—so that you can see that these atrocities that people do to each other don’t stay in the tribe that they practiced in—whatever the tribe is, whether it’s the gay tribe or whatever,” Walker said. “Things don’t stay put. They travel. That is why people need to pay attention by what has done to harm other people—because if you’re a person, eventually it’s going to fly right back in some form at you.”



ARTICLE
By historical standards, Trump has led a very active presidency thus far, stunning his opponents with a battery of executive actions, but facing stiff “resistance” from the opposition and the courts.
Here are the five best moments — and the five worst.
Best:
1. Speech to Congress. Trump shocked his critics with a stirring address to a special joint session of Congress on Feb. 28 that was optimistic, inclusive, and precise, yet emotional. A CNN poll suggested that four out of five Americans viewed the speech positively. Key quote: “I am asking all citizens to embrace this Renewal of the American Spirit. I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big, and bold and daring things for our country.”
2. Syrian air strike. Trump said he would respond to the Syrian regime’s use of chemical weapons against civilians, and promptly did so. The U.S. Navy launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at the air base from which the chemical attack had been launched. In so doing, Trump enforced the “red line” that President Barack Obama had failed to patrol. The attacks also sent a message to China — whose president was eating dessert with Trump at the moment of the attack.
3. Neil Gorsuch confirmation. Trump fulfilled a core campaign promise by appointing a constitutional conservative, Judge Neil Gorsuch, to the Supreme Court seat formerly held by the late Antonin Scalia. Gorsuch did extremely well in his confirmation hearings. When Democrats carried out a threat to filibuster, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell found enough Republican votes to change the rules, meaning that future Trump nominees would have an easier path.
4. Congressional Review Act. Trump used a 20-year-old law, passed by President Bill Clinton but rarely used since, that allows Congress to repeal regulations within a 60-day window. Because many of the Obama administration’s regulations had not been reported to Congress, the 60-day window had not begun for them, and so Congress could repeal them. Trump signed repeal bills for 13 regulations issued under Obama, rolling back the administrative state.
5. Immigration enforcement. Even without the proposed border wall in place (or funded), Trump’s new Cabinet — especially Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions — ramped up law enforcement, deporting criminal illegal aliens and sending a clear signal to potential illegal immigrants that they ought not try their luck. Illegal border crossings were down by nearly two-thirds over the same period the year before.
Worst:
5. Crowd size fight. The Trump administration pushed back against the mainstream media’s efforts to talk down the size of the crowd at President Trump’s inauguration — but pushed too far, offering “alternative facts” about attendance that were later proven to be incorrect. That set the stage for a testy relationship with the press, provided material to Saturday Night Live satirists, and hurt the credibility of the new administration with the public, at least at the outset.
4. Michael Flynn departure. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned after allegedly providing incorrect information to Vice President Mike Pence about the content of his conversation with the Russian ambassador during the transition period. The departure added fuel to Democrats’ theories of a Russian conspiracy to elect Trump — and showed that there are limits to how far the Trump administration is prepared to go in defying the mainstream media.
3. Leaks. For an administration with a famously cold approach to the mainstream media, the Trump White House seemed to leak — from all sides — to mainstream media outlets. Journalists used scraps of information to create internal rivalries in the West Wing — which may, or may not, have been real, but which reinforced a public image of instability. The leaks, and the supposed rivalries, seemed to settle toward the end of the first 100 days, amidst staff reshuffles.
2. Immigration executive order rollout. When Trump signed an executive order suspending travel from seven terror-prone countries, he knew it would face opposition, but probably underestimated the strength of the pushback. Protests broke out at airports nationwide, and became a rallying point for anti-Trump activists building a broader “resistance” movement. Liberal judges blocked the order — and the amended version that followed, freezing the president’s policy.
1. American Health Care Act. The White House tried to push conservative Republicans to vote for the House leadership’s legislation to replace Obamacare. But neither Speaker of the House Paul Ryan nor the president himself could sway enough votes to save the bill — which Senate Republicans had already declared dead on arrival. A second attempt to pass an amended bill in late April also foundered — this time because of a lack of support from moderates.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Having proposed a huge reform agenda, some have been left disappointed by Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office. Nevertheless, recent polling data suggests that a majority of Americans believe Trump is making good on his words.
Here are Donald Trump’s successes since he took office in January:
Donald Trump kept his promise to nominate a conservative judge to the supreme court, following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year.
Despite opposition from Democrats, on April 7th Neil Gorsuch was confirmed as the 113th justice of the U.S Supreme Court, which could help cement a conservative majority on the SCOTUS for decades.

Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS pic.twitter.com/8KGFSk8BFj
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 10, 2017

Immigration
Trump’s executive order guiding immigration enforcement agencies to apprehend illegal aliens as well as hire thousands of new staff has undoubtedly helped stem the tide of illegal immigration from Mexico into the United States. In the months of January and February alone, illegal border crossings dropped by 40 percent.
Furthermore, the Trump administration is cracking down on sanctuary cities that protect illegal immigrants. Attorney General Jeff Sessions this week sent a letter to 10 cities failing to comply with federal immigration law, warning that they risk losing federal funding if they continue to do so.
As part of the crackdown, the Department of Homeland Security is also publishing a weekly list of localities refusing to cooperate, as well as the crimes committed by illegal aliens within them.
However, significant progress on Trump’s key promise to build a wall on the southern border has yet to be made.
National Security
Due to federal courts blocking Trump’s executive orders suspending Obama’s refugee program and introducing a temporary travel ban from a number of terror-prone countries, making progress on securing America’s borders from potential terror threats has been difficult.

'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' pic.twitter.com/wAelwuQ4BE
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017

However, Trump appears to be making good on his promise to “destroy ISIS,” with a significant increase in the number of airstrikes targeting terrorists in the Middle East, North Africa, and Afghanistan. This has been made easier by Trump expanding commanders’ targeting authorities and rolling back restrictions on military strikes put into place by the Obama administration.
The Trump administration has also signaled that it is ready to take action against the impending threat of North Korea. As tensions between both countries rise, Trump has positioned “an armada” in the Korean peninsula, while this week military officials began the installment of controversial Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system in South Korea, designed to protect South Korea from incoming missiles.

North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 11, 2017

Trump also appears to have secured greater support from China in tackling the North Korean problem. Last week, China positioned 150,000 troops along their the North Korean border, as well as sending a fleet of fully-loaded cargo ships destined for North Korea back home. This week, China warned North Korea not to “cross the point of no return” by conducting another nuclear test.
Click here to read Kristina Wong’s ‘Trump Takes on Terrorism in His First 100 Days.’
Jobs and the economy
During his election campaign, Trump promised to bring jobs back to America, especially those from companies planning to outsource overseas. Having met with a range of business leaders, he has received assurances from companies such as Ford and Carrier Corporations to cancel their overseas plans and instead invest in America. Leading technology firms such as Apple, Amazon, Samsung, and Intel have also pledged to create thousands of new jobs in America over the coming years.

JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! pic.twitter.com/wAkQMKdPXA
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 14, 2017

Furthermore, recent economic indicators have been overwhelmingly positive. The economy added nearly 300,000 private sector jobs in the first full month of Trump’s presidency, with the U.S. unemployment rate at 4.5 percent. In March, the Dow Jones industrial average also rose above 21,000 points for the first time in its history.
Energy and climate change
Trump has taken steps to roll back environmental regulations and revitalize the coal industry. In late March, Trump signed an executive order ending some of Barack Obama’s regulations, declaring that his administration was “putting an end to the war on coal,” a promise made to Americans reliant on the coal industry in rustbelt states such as Michigan and Pennsylvania.

A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch here: https://t.co/EG02Fdlkba pic.twitter.com/XT12jqoIqj
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017

In his first White House budget, Trump proposes cutting the budget of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by 31 percent, as well as approving the Keystone XL pipeline previously blocked by Barack Obama.
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Scott Pruitt, also confirmed that America should “exit” the Paris Climate Agreement signed by Barack Obama last November, although no decisive action has yet been taken.
Draining the swamp
Trump has made steady inroads in his attempt to “drain the Washington swamp,” introducing a number of policies making it increasingly difficult for lobbyists and bureaucrats to leech off their proximity to power.
Some of those policies include Trump signing an executive order cutting two regulations for every new regulation proposed, as well as introducing regulatory watchdogs that dissolve federal agencies’ power as rule makers.
Furthermore, Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has warned federal agencies to prepare for massive cuts as part of Trump’s effort to streamline government. They include a 31 percent cut to the Environmental Protection Agency, a 28 percent cut to the State Department, and a 17.9 percent cut to the Department of Health and Human Services.
Click here to read Sean Moran’s ’20 Ways Trump Unraveled the Administrative State.
War on the media
Since assuming the presidency, Trump has escalated his already hostile relationship with the mainstream media. Regularly referring to them as the “fake news media,” he has targeted networks such as ABC, NBC, and CNN for biased reporting, even describing them as the “enemy of the American people.”

The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 17, 2017

These assertions are backed up by data. A recent analysis found that 88 percent of mainstream media coverage is anti-Trump. Amid the rising tensions, Trump has confirmed he will not be attending this year’s White House Correspondents Dinner, becoming the first president to do so in 30 years.
Diplomacy
While in the Oval Office, Trump has held successful meetings with a range of foreign leaders, all of which appear to have been successful.
Abortion and Planned Parenthood
On the whole, Donald Trump has kept his promise to govern as a pro-life president.
Within days of his inauguration, Trump signed an executive order that reinstated the Mexico City Policy, a rule that bans non-governmental organizations (NGOs) receiving U.S. funds – including International Planned Parenthood – from providing or promoting abortions overseas.
Trump’s nomination of a pro-life justice to the Supreme Court, as well as tweeting his support for the March for Life, are also positive signs for those protecting the lives of the unborn.

The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching — you have my full support!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2017

Click here to read Dr. Susan Berry’s ‘Trump and Pence Keeping Pro-Life Promises in First 100 Days’
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Governor Palin said, “Quashing Obama’s anti-American energy plan makes America great again. We’ve been working for years to remind people that our exceptional nation came to be by developing our God-given natural resources and by expecting reward for an unsurpassed work ethic. We capture that again when we drill, baby, drill!”
Trump’s executive order directs the U.S. Department of the Interior to review the Obama-era bans to allow “responsible development of offshore areas that will bring revenue to our treasury and jobs to our workers.”
Obama’s prohibition on new drilling in U.S. water around Alaska includes most of the Beaufort and Chukchi seas, and in 31 underwater canyons in the Atlantic Ocean. President Obama enacted it last December under using the 1953 Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, which gives the president the authority to designate certain offshore areas unavailable for commercial use. Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and Bill Clinton also invoked the legislation.
President Trump said that the offshore drilling ban harms the economy. He explained, “Our country’s blessed with incredible natural resources, including abundant offshore oil and natural gas reserves, but the federal government has kept 94 percent of these offshore areas closed for exploration and production.”
Trump added, “This deprives our country of potentially thousands and thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in wealth.”



ARTICLE
The Commerce Department reported on Friday its preliminary statistical snapshot of the U.S. economy in the first three months of 2017. It showed that the economy barely expanded, growing at an annual rate of 0.7 percent. That was the weakest quarterly growth in three years and a sharp decline from the 2.1 percent annualized rate recorded for the final three months of 2017.
There were signs of a Trump-induced revival of business activity in the quarter. Consistent with surveys that have shown rising business sentiment, business investment improved, with capital spending rising 9.4 percent. That’s the highest growth in around three years. Spending on equipment rose at a 9.1 percent annualized rate. Investment in home building rose at a 13.7 percent rate. Exports rose at a 5.8 percent rate, and imports rose at a rate of 4.1 percent. The trade deficit fell.
A separate report from the Labor Department Friday showed that its employment cost index–roughly, a proxy for wages–had its best performance in nearly a decade, rising by 0.8 percent.
Although overall growth in the first quarter was sluggish, this did not come as much of a surprise. Two months ago, economists were predicting two percent growth. But following some bad news on retail spending and business inventories, Wall Street economists revised down their estimates so that they forecast growth to come in at 0.9 percent.
The government has acknowledged that first-quarter GDP numbers tend to underperform because of problems with season adjustments that it is working to rectify. Most experts say the data likely reflected the unusually warm temperatures in many parts of the country in January and February, lowering spending on things like electricity and natural gas to heat their homes.
Despite data that has revealed rising consumer sentiment, consumption rose by only 0.3 percent. In the last quarter of 2016, consumption rose by 3.5 percent. It is likely that some of this earlier expansion may have been borrowed from the first quarter, with consumers spending less in the beginning of 2017 because they had made so many purchases in 2016. Lower than expected automobile sales also dragged on growth.
Business investment in inventories declined in the first quarter, to $10.3 billion from $49.6 billion. As a result, inventories subtracted 0.93 percentage points from GDP growth. Similar to consumer spending, the sharp decline may be an indicator that some of the fourth quarter growth–which added nearly one percentage point to GDP–was borrowed from the first quarter.
Most economists believe the economy is picking up speed. The consensus estimate on Wall Street is for 2.8% annualized growth in the second quarter. Some expect that first quarter number will be revised upward, given the apparent disconnect between the GDP report and a series of strong job reports, stronger-than-expected corporate earnings, and so-called “soft data” estimates contained in consumer sentiment and corporate leadership surveys.
Nonetheless, the sluggish first-quarter numbers could give ammunition to the Trump administration and Capitol Hill Republicans as they fight for tax cuts and infrastructure spending. It will be much harder for critics of Trump’s agenda to argue that the economy is “great already.”
The Fed is likely to consider the sluggishness as temporary when it meets next week. If the GDP number has any effect on the views of central bankers, it will likely be to provide reassurance that there is no pressing need to raise rates quickly or take actions to offset the Trump administration’s plans to stimulate the economy.



ARTICLE
“A prominent Florida eye doctor has been convicted on all counts in his Medicare fraud trial, raising the possibility he could be pressured to testify in the bribery trial of New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez,” the Associated Press reported on Friday afternoon:
Jurors announced their verdict Friday for Dr. Salomon Melgen. He effectively faces a life sentence if no deal is struck. Menendez denies any wrongdoing.
Prosecutors contended that the 62-year-old Melgen stole up to $105 million from the federal insurance program between 2008 and 2013, by giving patients treatments and tests that couldn’t help them.
Melgen’s attorneys argued that any billing issues were simply mistakes.
As Breitbart News has reported, the testimony presented by the prosecution’s expert medical witnesses during the trial was very damaging, while the testimony of his own defense witnesses backfired.
The jury announced the verdict after its third day of deliberation.
On April 1, 2015, Melgen and his friend and political contribution beneficiary, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-New Jersey), were indicted on charges of public corruption.
Two weeks later, on April 15, Melgen was indicted on 76 charges of Medicare fraud. “[P]rosecutors said [Melgen] attempted to bilk the health care program out of as much as $190 million,” the Associated Press reported at the time of the second indictment.
Sen. Menendez has previously indicated he intends to run for re-election in 2018.
With Melgen now facing life in prison, he will have reasons to consider cooperating with prosecutors as they present their case against Menendez.

Steven Sandberg, a spokesman for the senior U.S. senator from New Jersey, referred an NJ Advance Media reporters’ inquiry to a statement released earlier in the day by Menendez’s attorney, Abbe David Lowell.
“I have spoken to Sen. Menendez and he is saddened for his long-time friend and is thinking of his family on this difficult day,” wrote Lowell.
“As we have known for the past two years, the issues involved in Dr. Melgen’s case in south Florida had no bearing on the allegations made against the senator, and this verdict will have no impact on him. 
“Dr. Melgen’s case focused solely on the day-to-day operations of his medical practice and the private care of his patients – specifics of which the Senator could not be aware, nor has it ever been suggested otherwise. 
“From the beginning, Senator Menendez has been clear that he has always acted in accordance with the law and in his appropriate legislative oversight role as a member of Congress. When all of the facts are heard, he is fully confident that a jury will agree and he will be vindicated.”

That trial is set to begin in a New Jersey federal courtroom in the fall.



ARTICLE
National pro-life leader and Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser responded to the announcement of Yoest’s appointment with the following statement:
Charmaine Yoest is one of the pro-life movement’s most articulate and powerful communicators. As the former president and CEO of Americans United for Life, she led groundbreaking efforts to advance pro-life, pro-woman legislation at the state level. She is perfectly suited to take on this role at HHS and it is no surprise to see President Trump once again appoint a strong, pro-life woman to his team. The fact that Yoest will be replacing Kevin Griffis, who now works for Planned Parenthood, is another indication of the dramatic change we’ve seen in Washington since the election of President Trump. This is a new era for the pro-life movement and our fight to protect unborn children and their mothers from the horror of abortion.
Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest provider of abortions, reacted to Yoest’s appointment with a tweet expressing its disapproval:

Someone with history of promoting #AlternativeFacts shouldn't be in an @HHSGov position that informs the public. https://t.co/ypPlHQ2ywG
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 28, 2017

As president of AUL, Yoest worked to emphasize the negative consequences of abortion for both women and their unborn babies and to require young girls to obtain the consent of their parents prior to obtaining abortions.
Yoest has been a senior fellow at American Values in Washington, DC.  She served in the White House under President Ronald Reagan in the Office of Presidential Personnel. Additionally, she served as a Trump for President surrogate and a senior adviser to the 2008 Huckabee for President campaign.



ARTICLE
Mexico Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray said building any walls when there are already 600 kilometers of barriers is not only a hostile and deeply unfriendly act, but one that “also is not going to fulfill the objectives that it raises, is not only an aggravating action, but it seems to be frankly a bad idea.”
The foreign secretary said Mexico is planning a legal fight, and it has no intention to pay for any border walls or to cooperate with the U.S. in any way on the development of border walls.
“Of course, any kind of financial cooperation or any other way in building the physical barrier between our nations and, of course, an important fundamental limit is not accepting the violation of the human rights of Mexicans in the United States.”
Videgaray charged that any border wall “is not part of a bilateral discussion and should not be, Mexicans should not be part of that discussion, we will not collaborate in any way the construction of something that hurts us, Is apparently an absolute waste of resources.”
Videgaray made this vow during his appearance before the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Chamber of Deputies in Mexico City this week.
The foreign secretary said that his country had put together “a very significant amount of human resources” to argue that the U.S. is violating international treaties, “starting with the ominous Treaty of Guadalupe in 1948.” This was most likely a reference to the 1848 treaty that ended the Mexican-American war and set the Rio Grande as a boundary to Mexico.
He forewarns that Mexico will file lawsuits in the U.S., as well as in international courts of law if there are any violations of a border treaty, environmental treaties, or an international law regulation.
Secretary Videgaray told the Committee on Foreign Relations that Mexico “has been a tireless promoter of openness to the world, to open up to us,” for decades. He urged, “we must recognize that we face new circumstances, some of them unpublished and others that are reminiscent of things that happened to the world decades ago.”
“Today in the world there are threats to our paradigms of international coexistence that have been in force for decades. It is undeniable that there are outbreaks of isolationist protectionism, outbursts of nationalism that try to close the world and beyond that, from political actors of very diverse origins in different latitudes, question the principle of global integration.” In the same speech, he said, “first and foremost as it should be,” the United States must recognize Mexico as a sovereign nation.
The Mexican foreign secretary threatened that any attempt to tax remittances from the U.S. would be “a break point in any dialogue on other issues.” He called the “flow of foreign exchange” “a fundamental support for many families.” “[F]or Mexico, [it] is a non-negotiable issue,” he charged.
In his address, Videgaray also vowed that Mexico would “increase significantly the attention to Mexicans abroad.” Videgaray explained that the 50 Mexican consulates have assisted and protected 45,290 this year – “more than half were in the immigration field.”
There have been 2,400 migrants who have been provided legal representation, and they are representing those who have already been deported.
The foreign secretary said Mexico would never accept a unilateral decision by the United States to send migrants from other countries to Mexico, and the country is waiting to challenge executive orders “regarding the extension of the criteria to allow express deportation.” They are “waiting for the first act of implementation, not only the Mexican government but the allied organizations, non-governmental organizations, so that when the first act of application exists, proceed to challenge the general rule,” he said. “There is not yet an act of application regarding the criterion of expeditiously deporting someone who has more than 14 days in the country or someone who is beyond 100 kilometers of internment.”
The foreign secretary added that any revision to NAFTA must include a dialogue between Mexico, Canada, and the U.S.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.



ARTICLE
“With each successive detonation and missile test, North Korea pushes Northeast Asia and the world closer to instability and broader conflict,” Tillerson said. “The threat of a North Korean nuclear attack on Seoul, or Tokyo, is real.”
“And it is likely only a matter of time before North Korea develops the capability to strike the U.S. mainland,” Tillerson said.
“Indeed, the DPRK has repeatedly claimed it plans to conduct such a strike,” Tillerson said. “Given that rhetoric, the United States cannot idly stand by.”
“Nor can other members of this council who are within striking distance of North Korean missiles,” Tillerson said, noting that diplomatic efforts to stop North Korea’s nuclear weapons program for the past two decades “has failed.”
With a jab at the Obama administration’s foreign policy on North Korea, Tillerson repeated that “the policy of strategic patience is over.”
However, Tillerson said the United States was not looking for “regime change,” even if the communist regime in North Korea has never agreed to abandon its nuclear ambitions.
Tillerson laid out a four-prong approach to the increasingly dangerous North Korea situation.
First, Tillerson called on U.N. member states to enforce resolutions already in effect. He also called on countries to downplay diplomatic efforts because “North Korea exploits its diplomatic privileges to fund its illicit nuclear and missile technology programs.”
Tillerson said imposing “financial isolation” on North Korea was his third request.
“We must levy new sanctions on DPRK entities and individuals supporting its weapons and missile programs, and tighten those that are already in place,” Tillerson said, adding that, because China accounts for 90 percent of North Korea’s trade, it has the unique and important ability to influence North Korea on this front.
“The U.S. and China have held very productive exchanges on this issue, and we look forward to further actions that build on what China has already done,” Tillerson said.
Tillerson’s final recommendation was to reiterate that all options are on the table for dealing with North Korea, including “military action.”
Tillerson also spoke in his remarks about a “moral” responsibility that the global community must consider.
“Countries must know by now that helping the North Korean regime means enabling cruelty and suffering,” Tillerson said. “North Korea feeds billions of dollars into a nuclear program it does not need while its own people starve.”
“The regime’s pursuit of nuclear weapons does not serve its own national security or the well-being of a people trapped in tyranny,” Tillerson said.
Just this week, North Korea released a propaganda video simulating an attack on the United States that included images of the White House and the U.S. Capitol.
“The enemy to be destroyed is in our sights. … We will show you what a strong country that leads the world in nuclear and missile technology is capable of,” the video caption declares.
Since President Donald Trump took office, North Korea has launched six ballistic missiles, with the last attempt failing to launch.



ARTICLE
Trump began his speech by thanking NRA-ILA executive director Chris Cox and NRA senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre for their hard work in defending freedom.
He recalled days gone by in the NRA, saying, “No one was more proud to be an American than the beloved patriot Charlton Heston. I remember Charlton, he was out there fighting when maybe a lot of people didn’t want to be fighting.”
Trump then turned his attention to his own presidency, saying, “Only one candidate in the general came to speak to you and that candidate is now the president of the United States, standing before you again.” He added, “You came through for me, and I am going to come through for you.”
He said, “We have news that you’ve been waiting for a long time–the eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end… No longer will federal agencies be coming after law-abiding gun owners.” He said, “We want to ensure you of the sacred right of self-defense of all our citizens” and observed, “The right of self-defense is essential to public safety.”
He said, “Our police and sheriffs know that when you ban guns, only the criminals will be armed.”
Trump then made a promise:
I will never, every infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms. Freedom is not a gift from government, freedom is a gift from God.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Writing in USA Today, Cox pointed to the nomination and confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Jeff Sessions to attorney general, and Ryan Zinke to secretary of the Interior.
The confirmation of Gorsuch means that “we are now back to having a 5-4 pro-gun majority on the U.S. Supreme Court” and upholding the crucial decision in District of Columbia v Heller (2008). Sessions’ confirmation means “the Department of Justice will return to focusing on prosecuting violent criminals instead of targeting law-abiding gun owners.” And the confirmation of Zinke as secretary of the Interior means “hunting and shooting” opportunities on our public lands will be protected.
In addition to these nominations and confirmations, Cox points out that Trump has repealed Obama’s Social Security gun ban, a ban which would have allowed the Social Security Administration to strip elderly beneficiaries of their Second Amendment rights without due process.
Cox pointed out that more must be done. For example, the gun ban for military veterans needs to be repealed, national reciprocity for concealed carry needs to become law, and firearm suppressors need to be deregulated via the Hearing Protection Act. Yet the pro-gun successes of Trump’s first 100 days suggest the remaining pro-Second Amendment proposals will also succeed.
Cox wrote, “After eight long years, we once again have a president who respects and cherishes individual freedom. For America’s law-abiding gun owners, the Trump administration is proving to be among the best in history.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
According to Jessica Gonzalez, spokeswoman for the Dept. of Motor Vehicles (DMV), illegal aliens in California have nothing to fear. She told the AP that although the department makes “databases available to law-enforcement entities,” that information would not include the legal status of driver’s license holders.
In response to follow-up questions from Breitbart News, Gonzalez may have inadvertently provided the Trump administration a way to get to the bottom of allegations of massive voter fraud.
Breitbart News: When you state that “that although the department makes “databases available to law enforcement entities,” that information would not include the legal status of license holders,”  is that because DMV withholds that info. or doesn’t have it?
Or is it because DMV treats the AB 60 Drivers license like every other driver’s license that once in the DMV database and there is no way to distinguish them?
DMV Response:  AB 60 driver license information is kept in the same DMV database as every other driver license.  The fact that someone is an AB 60 driver license holder, isn’t available to law enforcement when they access a driver record.
So the California DMV can internally differentiate within their database who holds an “illegal alien” AB60 license — which contradicts what is being pushed by left-wing activist websites that have reassured illegal aliens that once the driver’s license is entered in the database, the entry is indistinguishable.
In a state like California, where every regular driver’s license holder is automatically registered to vote, and where almost a million illegal aliens have received these “federally-restricted, drive only” licenses — it’s critically important that additional safeguards be in place to prevent non-citizens from being “accidentally” registered to vote.
When asked about how the DMV prevents this from happening, Gonzalez said “[t]he programming blocks AB 60 applicants from having the option to register to vote.”
How is the California voter assured that voter fraud is not happening, given that the only safeguards in place are a computer program and the honor system?
If someone returns a voter registration card and fails to affirm they are a U.S. citizen, his or her registration is treated as normal and placed on the voter rolls without any further verification, per the California Secretary of State’s official website.
Gonzalez also said that “state laws forbid police from discriminating based on a person showing an AB-60 license,” but there is nothing to stop the U.S. Attorney General from subpoenaing the database to determine if votes were cast illegally in a federal election.
It is a very serious crime in California to vote illegally or to vote on behalf of someone who is not qualified to vote — punishable by up to 3 years in prison, with fines from $1,000 up to $25,000 (if the particular offense is a felony).
It is also a federal crime for a non-citizen alien to vote in any federal election, according to US Code 18 U.S.C. § 611 — punishable by up to one year of imprisonment.
If Attorney General Jeff Sessions wanted to investigate voter fraud in California — which California Secretary of State Alex Padilla vehemently condemned as “dangerous,” “impossible” and “a lie” — all he has to do is subpoena the databases and cross reference voter files with AB 60 driver’s license holders.
And if Padilla wants to put the “lie” to President Trump’s allegations of widespread, massive voter fraud, he should put up or shut up.
When a similar verification audit was done in Prince Williams County, Virginia last year — cross referencing jury duty exemptions for non-citizens with voter registrations — the result was astonishing. According to a Breitbart News report in 2016, 1,046 non-citizens were found to be registered to vote in just three counties where elections are often decided by a few hundred votes.
California Democrats have a great opportunity to embarrass President Trump — which seems to be their official mission —and at the same time prove the integrity of the vote in the largest, most populous state in the union.
Unless they have something to hide.
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol



ARTICLE
The 57 felons arrested last week had criminal records which included sexual battery, child sex crimes, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, weapons charges, drug violations, and lewd and lascivious behavior.
Nineteen of those arrested had been convicted of larceny, fraud, driving under the influence, and less serious crimes like petty theft and driving without a driver’s license. Thirteen of the criminal aliens had been previously removed from the country. These criminals may now be prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the crime of felony re-entry after removal.
Last week, Breitbart Texas reported that a new report from the ICE Office of Inspector General (OIG) revealed that the Obama Administration allowed 2.2 million deportable aliens to remain on the streets during the end of his term. Illegal aliens with criminal records numbered almost 400,000 of the 2.2 million left on “supervised” status. ICE Inspector General (IG) John Roth detailed that the Obama Administration created a tremendous backlog for deportation officers.
In January 2015, Breitbart Texas reported that the previous administration’s “Priority Enforcement Program” (PEP) amounted to a program coined as, “catch and release 2.0.”
During the first year of PEP (FY 2015), ICE removed or returned only 235,413 aliens–including 139,368 criminal aliens. Now, ICE deportation officers are supervising more than 2.2 million aliens as of August 2016.
The ICE report encompassed the period in which massive numbers of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) and Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) were crossing the border in 2014. Breitbart Texas obtained leaked internal federal government images that revealed that children were warehoused in crowded cells and were overwhelming border patrol officers in processing centers.
In a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas after the arrest of the 76 criminal aliens in Florida, Marc J. Moore, Field Office Director for the Miami Field Office of ERO (Enforcement and Removal Operations) said, “ICE is committed to making our communities safer by removing threats to our public safety.”
The field office director added, “Communities across Florida and Puerto Rico are safer today because of the hard work of our ERO officers.
The Miami Field Office oversees all of Florida, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
On April 18, Breitbart News reported that arrests of illegal alien have risen by 32.6 percent in just the first weeks of the Trump administration. ICE arrests of non-felon illegal aliens have doubled. As reported, ICE arrested 21,362 illegal aliens, most of those convicted criminals, from January to mid-March this year. Last year during this same period, 16,104 were arrested.
On March 31, Sessions announced a new program that accelerates the deportation of illegal aliens that are imprisoned in the U.S. As reported by Breitbart News, the goal of the Institutional Hearing Program (IHP) is to reduce the bureaucratic processes involved in deportation. After a criminal alien has served their time, video-conference hearings will be used to determine the next step to removal. The IHP empowers the Bureau of Prisons contract facilities to start deportation proceedings, install technology, and devise an intake policy between a DOJ office and ICE.
U.S. Homeland John Kelly Secretary, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and an official spokesperson with ICE, have all stated that anyone who is in the United States illegally can be deported.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
This time, the moderate Republicans were the problem: the Freedom Caucus approved the new bill. Byron York, writing in the Washington Examiner, observed that there were “a lot” of Republicans, primarily in contested congressional districts, who do not want to repeal Obamacare for fear of the political consequences next November.
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has declared that he does not want to be bound by an “artificial” deadline. But he and his caucus face a very real deadline: November 6, 2018.
That is the date of the 2018 midterm elections, which the GOP could very well lose if it fails to repeal Obamacare — or if it replaces Obamacare with something worse. And given the reality of campaigning, Ryan’s deadline is sometime before November. If it is not done by next summer, he could be.
As observed before, there is a method to the madness of repeated failure on tackling Obamacare: President Donald Trump is showing each congressional faction, in turn, the downside of failing to solve the problem. But he will not convince all of the factions to come to an agreement unless the alternative is worse.
And right now, all of the factions — Democrats, conservative Republicans, and moderates — assume that if Congress fails, at least they will keep their seats.
There is only one way to change their incentives, and that is to change the default option — to make sure Obamacare is repealed, whether or not Congress comes up with a plan to replace it.
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL) has already filed aone-line bill that repeals Obamacare totally — effective Dec. 31. That would give Congress, and health care stakeholders, eight months to negotiate. The bill could extend that period — say, to Mar. 21, 2018, Obamacare’s eighth anniversary.
Once set into law, however, the deadline could never be changed. That is because a vote to extend the deadline would effectively be a vote for Obamacare. And that is a vote not even Democrats would dare to take in an election year.
The deadline would also force Democrats to the negotiating table, because faced with a choice between the full repeal of Obamacare on the one hand, and a repeal that keeps some pieces of Obamacare on the other, they will take the latter.
So why would Congress agree to a deadline in the first place? Because the president could threaten to veto any future budget until Congress agrees to pass the Brooks bill. Voters hate government shutdowns — and the president is loath to risk them, as this week showed — but if Trump can frame the question around Congress’s refusal to accept a deadline, he can prevail. After all, most other Americans have to work to deadlines all of the time: why should Congress not?
That is how President Barack Obama convinced Congress to vote for the Budget Control Act in 2011, on the eve of default. He proposed the sequester — automatic spending cuts that would (and did) kick in if Congress failed to agree long-term spending cuts after a certain date. Though he spent the next several years decrying the sequester, it resolved the debt ceiling crisis, and marked the most significant reductions in federal spending since the end of the Korean War.
The Brooks bill could provide President Trump with similar leverage. After the current budget crisis passes, the next budget must be passed by the end of September. President Trump could declare that the Brooks bill — or some version of it — must be passed before then, or he will veto any budget.
That will place the onus firmly on Congress to accept a deadline, and repeal of Obamacare as the default if negotiations fail. Then, finally, serious negotiations will begin.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
About 100 days in, it appears the U.S.-Russian relationship has become more tense — but some experts say it doesn’t mean the Trump administration and Russia won’t find a way to work together.
“Some people have mistakenly assumed that when the president has said we have to find a way to work with Russia, that that will be a pleasant experience for Russia,” said Paul Saunders, executive director of the Center for the National Interest and Russia expert.
So far in Trump’s first 100 days, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has met twice with his foreign minister counterpart, in Bonn, Germany and more recently in Moscow.
“At that level at least there seems to be the beginning of some regular communication,” Saunders said.
Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin have also spoken via phone three times since the election — once before taking office, and twice after.
And significantly, Saunders pointed out, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford has met twice with his Russian counterpart in February and March.
Saunders called those meetings “more dramatic” than Tillerson’s meeting since the Obama administration had sharply limited the U.S.-Russia military-to-military dialogue.
Saunders noted there’s been no meeting yet between Trump and Putin, but said: “it is not really unusual by historical standards for that meeting not to have happened by now.” He noted it was not until summertime when President George W. Bush met Putin.
Relations between the U.S. and Russia seemed to sour after Trump ordered a cruise missile strike on the Syrian regime — Russia’s ally in the Middle East, after the U.S. military provided evidence showing it conducted a chemical weapons attack that killed innocent civilians.
After the strike, Russian officials declared it was suspending a hotline between the U.S. and Russia used to avoid airspace accidents between their forces over Syria.
Putin also appeared to contemplate canceling a meeting with Tillerson during his visit to Russia, before going through with it at the end.
And Trump even said, on the day of Tillerson and Putin’s meeting: “Right now we’re not getting along with Russia at all. We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia.”
But Saunders said the relationship has not necessarily worsened, and the strikes in Syria may have strengthened the U.S.’s hand.
“During the campaign, when the president talked about working with Russia, he often would use the language that we would work with Russia from a position of strength and try to cooperate with Russia from a position of strength,” he said.
“Certainly it was important to send a strong message particularly after the prior administration failed to do that,” he added.
A senior administration official speaking to reporters on background earlier this week called Russia’s support for the Syrian regime “regretful,” but added “we will look for ways to cooperate with Russia.”
The official said the U.S. would not back off from its support for NATO and European allies concerned about Russia, but said “we are looking for ways to cooperate with Russia. And there are areas where our interests overlap.”
The strikes did not appear to have hurt Russia’s willingness to engage with the U.S., either.
About a week ago, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said in an interview with Kommersant, a Russian newspaper, that it was ready for a meeting between Trump and Putin.
“We have reaffirmed our readiness for such a meeting several times. We understand that contacts at the highest level are crucial for adjusting the agenda, areas of focus and the direction we are moving in,” he said in the April 19 interview.
“We confirmed our willingness to organize such a meeting during our contacts with our American colleagues. Last week’s visit by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to Moscow has strengthened our belief that the new US administration is also willing to move towards this goal. However, for a meeting of our leaders to be successful, we need to prepare for it, which is what we are doing,” he said.
A U.S. military spokesman for the U.S.-led war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria on Wednesday also called Russian state media reports that Moscow had “reaffirmed the tenets” of the hotline for Syria “very encouraging.”
“It’s very encouraging that they’ve acknowledged that. And it is important for safety of flight for our operations and for theirs as we both continue fighting ISIS in Syria, and we continue our operations in Iraq,” said Air Force Col. John Dorrian.
Foreign policy establishment experts had cheered the Syria strikes, and the seeming return to what they saw as “normal” relations with Russia.
But defense expert Benjamin Friedman at the libertarian CATO Institute said it would be good if relations with Russia were “less fraught.”
“We have to live with Russia one way or the other, and we’re not going to war with them, and so some better relations is desirable,” he said.
Saunders said the current U.S. political climate has made improving relations more difficult. Trump’s critics have accused his campaign of colluding with Russia during the campaign, despite the lack of any evidence.
He said unless that is put to rest, the administration will continue to face significant constraints.
Trump himself has acknowledged constraints, but has struck an optimistic tone.
“We’re going to see what happens. Putin is the leader of Russia. Russia is a strong country. Were a very, very strong country. We’re going to see how that all works out,” he said on April 12.
The next day, he tweeted: “Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!”



ARTICLE
“The Minnesota Department of Health reports the state’s measles outbreak has spread from Hennepin County to Stearns County, totaling 29 cases, marking a new record,” KSTP reports.
“Twenty-five cases have been confirmed in the Somali community,” KSTP adds.
The Minnesota Department of Health added that: “The same number of cases [25] revealed the people affected were unvaccinated. However, in one case, the child had one MMR vaccination.”
MDH reports 28 cases are confirmed in Hennepin County, and one case is in Stearns County. In the past 20 years, 2011 had the most cases with 26 total.
The remaining cases have not been verified. All cases are children between the ages of 0 and 5.
The city of St. Cloud, located about 65 miles northwest of Minneapolis, is the county seat of Stearns County.
Breitbart News asked the Minnesota Department of Health if they could confirm if the four cases of the 29 that were not among the 25 “confirmed in the Somali community” were in the general population not part of the Somali commuity.
“No – they simply haven’t been verified yet,” a spokesperson for the Minnesota Department of Health tells Breitbart News.
“Most likely Somali. There’s always a bit of a lag pending investigation,” the spokesperson adds.
Minnesota Department of Health Commissioner Dr. Ed Ehlinger blamed the measles outbreak on “misinformation” that was provided to the Minnesota Somali community, not on the health practices common in that community.
“This outbreak is about unvaccinated children, not specific communities. Unfortunately, the Minnesota Somali community has been targeted with misinformation about vaccine risks. We’re partnering with Somali community leaders and health care providers to counteract that misinformation,” Ehlinger said in a statement released by the Minnesota Department of Health earlier this month.
“There are people of all backgrounds around the state who have chosen not to protect themselves or their children. Often that decision is based on good intentions and inaccurate information. It’s the responsibility of all of us who care about the health of Minnesota children to make sure people have accurate information and take action to protect their families and their communities,” Ehlinger added in an additional statement issued by the Minnesota Department of Health on Monday.
That statement also specifically addressed the Somali community in Minnesota:
MDH also recommends that all Somali Minnesotan children statewide who have already received their first dose of MMR vaccine get their second dose now. This special vaccine schedule is commonly recommended during outbreaks instead of waiting until 4 to 6 years old for the second dose. Parents of Somali Minnesotan children should contact their child’s health care provider and specifically tell them the child needs the MMR vaccine. This may help avoid a longer wait associated with scheduling a routine appointment.
Minneapolis-St. Paul is home to the largest Somali community in the United States, estimated to be around 70,000.
“Since FY 2002, 100,246 Somali refugees have resettled in the United States, according to the State Department’s interactive website. Of these, 99.9 percent, or 99,909, are Muslim,” Breitbart News reported in December.
Assimilation of resettled Somalis in this country has been a significant problem, and continues to be so.
In 2016, two Somali refugees, one in a Minnesota mall, the other at Ohio State University, attacked and injured more than 20 Americans. Both refugees were killed by law enforcement during the attacks.
On the public health front, Somali refugees in Minnesota have been identified as responsible for 22 percent (161 out of 732) of the cases of active tuberculosis (TB) diagnosed between 2010 and 2014, despite accounting for about one percent of the state’s population, as Breitbart News reported.
“Hennepin County  is also the site of two recent cases of active tuberculosis at local public high schools . . . The letter to parents from St. Louis Park Public Schools informing them of the case of active TB in January was sent in three languages: English, Spanish, and Somali, ” as Breitbart News reported.
Recently, female genital mutilation (FGM) within the American Somali community has come to the forefront as a significant problem as well.
Earlier this month, two doctors and another person were arrested in Livonia, Michigan on charges of conducting illegal FGM procedures on young Somali girls transported from Minnesota.
In 2014, the Refugee Womens Health Center in Phoenix, Arizona told NBC News that 98 percent of all Somali women treated there (a total of 247 over five years between 2010 and 2014) were victims of FGM.



ARTICLE
When asked to list some key concerns about the Paris Climate Agreement, from which President Donald Trump is expected to withdraw the U.S., Orr said, “The United States is supposed to contribute a lot of money in order to fund this Paris Climate Agreement; that should probably be number three. Number one is that it’s not going to make any difference to the climate whether we meet our objectives or not.”
“So,” he continued, “the Paris agreement is flawed because they think they can keep global temperatures from rising between 1.5 and 2 degrees celsius. … The science doesn’t make sense there.”
“It’s just a bad deal,” he concluded.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Bolton said Trump’s record has been “mixed, depending on what area of the world, what particular crisis you look at, and really what point during the hundred days that you take.”
“I think in many respects the campaign rhetoric – which was very, very tough on things like the Iran nuclear deal and the North Korean nuclear threat, much of which continued into the first hundred days – is very much at risk of being subverted by the bureaucracy that the administration has not yet tamed,” he cautioned. 
“There’s a significant risk that both because of some of the appointees that the president has named, and the appointees he hasn’t named – the people in the lower ranks who are the president’s eyes and ears and implementers out in the bureaucracy, particularly at the State Department, which is expert at capturing political appointees, especially from Republican administrations. If the president’s not careful, he will see his foreign policy – despite what I think his own views are – captured by the same bureaucracy that for eight years implemented the Obama foreign policy,” he elaborated. 
“That’s the danger that I see. I don’t think the president has moved on some of these key national security issues as far as the press would like you to believe, or as far as the bureaucracy would like you to believe. It remains to be seen how many people in the administration can remember what they said during the campaign on some of these issues,  particularly terrorism and nuclear proliferation, as the bureaucracy nibbles away at them,” said Bolton.
“I think the president needs to be more of a disciplinarian with his subordinates and their bureaucracy,” he advised. 
“I think that may be contrary to his natural instincts. I think he is an open, optimistic kind of man, and I think in the Trump Organization it was small enough that that kind of approach worked. But in the sprawling federal government, where different departments and agencies have their own cultures and their own agendas, especially in national security where they’re not friendly to Republican administrations, he needs to be tougher out there. I’m worried about what we’re going to do on Iran. I’m worried about what we’re going to do on North Korea,” Bolton said.
He warned there is “a whole range of issues where there is a real risk of creeping back to the Obama administration policy – as the poem goes, ‘not with a bang but with a whimper.’”
“Now, in other areas, I think he’s pretty much holding the line, which is why I say overall I think the performance in the first hundred days is mixed,” Bolton concluded.
Focusing on the Iran nuclear deal, Bolton recalled the State Department’s letter to Congress last week which “certified that Iran was in compliance with the Iran nuclear deal.”
“That is simply not true, in terms of their refusal to let the International Atomic Energy Agency visit key military sites, their excessive production of heavy water, their excessive enrichment of uranium, their gross disregard of the Security Council resolution and the part of the agreement dealing with ballistic missiles,” he asserted. “And those are just some of the things we know publicly. These are plain violations of the agreement. And that doesn’t count the provisions of the agreement that are so ambiguous, so poorly drafted, so open to interpretations favorable to Iran that lawyers could end up debating them for decades into the future.” 
“What’s even worse is, if you read the congressional statute carefully, the reporting obligation does not require the president to make a binary decision – yes Iran is in compliance, or no Iran is not in compliance. By the statute’s own terms, it allows the president to say, ‘I am not able to certify that Iran is in compliance,’ which he would have been perfectly legitimate within his rights to do, especially given the newness of the administration,” he noted.
“Now, where did that certification come from? It came from the State Department bureaucracy. It came from the same people who negotiated the deal that was finally agreed to in the summer of 2015, and who have been protecting it, nurturing it, sheltering it for a year and a half since then. This may sound like a small point, but I’ll tell you, the proponents of the deal have taken that certification in just one week and said, ‘See, even the Trump administration says that the good old ayatollahs in Iran are complying with the deal,’” Bolton said. 
“The negative implication of that, as the Trump administration then goes on to say Iran’s behavior in most material respects, as the president himself said, violates the spirit of the deal. Well, it goes beyond that. It violates the letter of the deal as well,” he contended. 
“I’ve heard different stories, frankly, about whether the White House cleared that document or not, or whether – as is often the case with the bureaucracy – they come running in and say, ‘This is due on Capitol Hill at 5 P.M.! We’ve got to send it! We’ve got to send it, or we’ll be in default, we’ll be delinquent, we’ll be subject to criticism!’ So people say well, all right, I guess we’ve got to send it, and they don’t have time to think through the implications,” he said.
“This is to me a kind of textbook example, in the case of Iran, how a very strong and pro-American foreign policy just gets whittled away. It may seem like water eroding rock. It doesn’t happen in dramatic moments. But I’m just telling you, this is the way bureaucracy works, and it works to undercut especially conservative and Republican presidents,” Bolton lamented.
Breitbart News National Security Editor Frances Martel joined the conversation to ask Bolton about the deep relationship between the nuclear issues in Iran and North Korea, which are generally treated as entirely separate matters in media coverage.
“The media don’t get the connection, and that in part is because the national security bureaucracy doesn’t get, or doesn’t want to talk about, the connection,” Bolton replied, portraying it as “a classic bureaucratic example of what they call silos.”
“You’ve got the people dealing with Iran there in one silo, you’ve got the people dealing with North Korea in another silo. They might as well be on different planets,” he explained. 
“But the fact is, again, from publicly available information going back 30 years, we know that the North Koreans and the Iranians have been in close cooperation on the development of ballistic missiles for that entire period. North Korea sold Iran the first SCUD missiles that were the basis for the Iranian missile program. They’ve cooperated in multiple ways since then. It makes perfectly good sense for that to happen. They’re both using the same Soviet-era SCUD missile technology for their missile programs, so they’ve got a common scientific and engineering base. Their objectives for the missile programs are exactly the same. It’s to deliver nuclear weapons, not launch communications or weather satellites. On that score, it’s just absolutely clear,” Bolton said. 
“It is less clear in terms of publicly available evidence on the nuclear side, but I think there is substantial reason to believe there’s close cooperation there as well,” he continued. “The reactor that Israel destroyed in Syria in September of 2007 was being built by North Koreans. It was a clone of the North Korean Yongbyon reactor. Most people don’t think Syria had the financial wherewithal to pay for building that kind of reactor, and the North Koreans don’t do anything for free, so where did the money come from? I think it probably came from Iran.” 
“I think there are a lot of other connections that have been noted, the Iranian scientists in North Korea and vice versa. Forget the Iran nuclear deal for a minute – it’s entirely foreseeable that the day North Korea gets the capability to drop a nuclear warhead on the United States via ballistic missile, Iran could have that capability the next day by writing a check in the right amount of money, so this relationship is extremely important,” he warned. 
“On North Korea itself, the administration started off again with a very tough line on this – and yet yesterday, in an interview with Fox News, Secretary Tillerson said he’d be willing to have bilateral discussions with North Korea. This is after saying that the Obama ‘strategic patience’ doctrine was being rejected, after saying correctly we’ve negotiated with North Korea for 25 years and it hasn’t produced anything. Now we’re back to negotiating with North Korea and pressuring China to pressure North Korea. This is like Year 26 of the same failed policy,” Bolton complained. 
“Now, I don’t want to overstate that, the secretary might have misstated what he implied by that, and certainly China has done a few things in the past couple of weeks that look encouraging. But I’ve been around that track before. When the heat gets too great, the Chinese pat the North Koreans on the fanny and say, ‘bad boys!’ They take some steps that appear to put pressure on North Korea, and then they hope that Americans with our famously short attention spans turn away, and the heat goes off, and then they quietly go back to business as before the particular crisis,” he said.
Bolton urged policymakers to remember that North Korea sees nuclear weapons as a tool for implementing a dangerous long-term policy agenda, which they would not abandon even if their nuclear aspirations were decisively thwarted.
“I think the same is true for the ayatollahs in Iran,” he added. “So when you say to Kim Jong-un and his generals, ‘Give up your nuclear weapons,’ what they hear is ‘give up up your regime, and maybe give up your lives, while we’re on the subject.’ They’re not going to do it.” 
“We have tried diplomacy, persuasion. We have tried sanctions, coercion, in differing measures, different combinations, for 26 years. It just hasn’t worked,” he said. 
“That’s why I think the only long-term solution is reunifying the two Koreas,” Bolton offered. “I think we could explain to China why that’s in their best interest. The Chinese say they don’t want North Korea to have a nuclear weapon because it would be destabilizing in East Asia. That’s code for saying they’re afraid Japan is going to get nuclear weapons. But they have not taken the steps necessary in the past to pressure North Korea to give up the weapons because they understand just how frail that regime really is, and they’re worried it will collapse in an uncontrolled fashion that will cause them all kinds of problems.” 
“I think there’s a deal here. I think it’s complicated and difficult to negotiate. I wish we had started 15 years ago. But we’re in a race now, because the factor that’s changed from the last 25 years to today is, North Korea this time is really very close to having the capability to miniaturize a nuclear weapon, put it under the nose cone of an ICBM, and launch the ICBM towards the United States. That’s what’s really driving people,” Bolton observed. 
“Obama just watched it all happen for eight years. He’s dumped this problem on the Trump administration. But it’s also why we need a policy change. If you try in Year 26 to keep doing what you’ve done and failed to accomplish your objective, for the last 25 years – who has any reason to believe that in Year 26 you’re going to get a different result?” he asked.
Marlow asked what South Koreans thought of his unification idea.
“Many of them are not wild about it, because they look at the example of German reunification, they saw it was very costly to the West Germans,” Bolton conceded. “I think there are real differences between the two circumstances. I think in fact for South Korea this is a huge economic opportunity, to be perfectly crass about it. You’ve got a wage base in North Korea of roughly zero, so that by putting manufacturing and other facilities up there, eventually the wages in North Korea will be the same as the wages in South Korea, but not in the immediate future.” 
“It is something that’s going to come anyway,” he predicted. “The division of the Korean peninsula is unnatural, just as the division of Germany was. It was always intended to be temporary until the Cold War intervened. There will be reunification one day. The issue remains, will it be accomplished in a restrained and careful fashion that works out in our interests, and maybe in the interests of China as well, or will it occur catastrophically?” 
“If the United States at some point has to strike preemptively against North Korea’s nuclear capabilities, there’s every prospect that that could ignite a broader conflict on the peninsula that would be devastating all around, and would almost certainly produce the collapse of the North Korean regime. I would say to China, ‘Look, we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the hard way. Which would you rather do?’” he advised. 
“That’s why I think the larger objective of reunification has to be really the policy objective because we tried to stop the nuclear program in North Korea for 25 years and we have failed. We have failed because persuasion has failed. We have failed because coercion has failed. We have failed because the combination of coercion and persuasion has failed. So now we’re going to try it again? I just hope that’s not where the State Department is going,” said Bolton.
Marlow suggested it might be difficult to reconcile the intense amount of diplomacy and economic involvement required to achieve Korean unification with President Trump’s campaign promise of an “America First” foreign policy.
“The detonation of a nuclear weapon on a major American city can really concentrate your attention,” Bolton replied. “This is putting America first. We are a global power. That’s a reality. Therefore, our interests are worldwide. South Korea and Japan are two of our biggest trading partners, and they are threatened by this erratic, irrational regime in North Korea. We are on the verge of being threatened in the United States ourselves. We’ve got inadequate defense capabilities.” 
“Barack Obama gutted the national missile defense program that George Bush had started. We’d be in much better shape if we could defend ourselves against North Korean or Iranian missile launches, but we have a wholly inadequate capability at the moment. So there are a lot of challenges that the president has to face, even though – like most presidents, I suppose – he’d rather focus on domestic issues,” Bolton observed.
John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and president of his own political action committee, BoltonPAC.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
After a five month wait, Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) presented his findings to lawmakers at a members-only event at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) headquarters Thursday night. The report detailed both the reasons behind Hillary Clinton’s defeat in the presidential election and the party’s failure to win back control of Congress.
However, the report was only accessible to the roughly two-dozen lawmakers who attended, while members were not allowed to take copies of the report and could only view it under the supervision of DCCC staff.
During the report’s presentation, Maloney reportedly focused on how the Democratic machine raises money and its spreading of resources, rather than their political messaging or policy positions.
The report also recommended that the DCCC improve its research methods and tighten its media operation, as well as employ a more diverse range of political consultants. It did not single out any particular figure for criticism.
Some Democrats criticized the secrecy surrounding the report, suggesting it made Maloney’s findings look worse than they actually are.
DCCC spokeswoman Meredith Kelly denied the claims, and said: “Like any healthy organization, the DCCC always works to evolve and grow after each election cycle, and we were happy to have Congressman Maloney as part of that effort this year.”
“This analysis is based on strategic information about our organization and meant for internal purposes, not public consumption,” she continued.
Meanwhile, revelations from a recent book analyzing Hillary Clinton’s failed campaign suggest that her campaign was dogged by infighting, poor organization, and lack of any convincing message. A report following the 2016 election found that Clinton had ample financial resources, spending a total of $1.2 billion on her failed campaign.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Asked what kind of a “letter grade” he would give Trump for his first 100 days, Caddell said, “I would give him a C+, which is not great, but that’s okay because I give the Democrats and Republicans Fs and F-s. And I give the press, as you might have guessed, a letter that doesn’t exist.”
Returning to Trump, Caddell added, “I think there’s a lot he could have done and should be doing. There’s a learning curve here. They haven’t filled positions, and most of all, what I worry about in this administration: the failure so far of an overarching principle of what the president’s governing philosophy is. There’s a lot of ad hoc here.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
The president issued Executive Order 13,768 on January 25, 2017. The order instructs the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security to deny federal grant money for local law enforcement activities to cities and counties that refuse to cooperate with the federal government in dealing with illegal aliens. This cooperation typically consists of reporting certain types of illegal alien criminal activity to Washington, or agreeing to detain illegal aliens who are in jail long enough for federal agents to pick them up and deport them out of this country.
Various cities and counties are suing the Trump administration in federal court, arguing that EO 13,768 is unconstitutional. Two of those cases are currently before Judge William Orrick H. Orrick III of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, one brought by San Francisco County and the other by Santa Clara County.
Even though the federal government has not yet defined “sanctuary jurisdictions” or specified exactly what federal funds they would forfeit—and therefore that the EO is not yet in effect—Judge Orrick issued a preliminary injunction in those two cases on Tuesday, in what is called a “pre-enforcement challenge.”
“The defunding provision is entirely inconsistent with the law in its stated purpose and directives because it instructs the Attorney General and Secretary to do something that only Congress has the authority to do—place new conditions on federal funds,” Orrick ruled in his 49-page order.
The district court cited certain cases that make it sound like the Constitution’s standard for a pre-enforcement challenge is easy to satisfy, such as cases holding that the challenger need only show “a credible threat of enforcement.”
Orrick did not discuss other controlling cases, in which the Supreme Court made clear that this constitutional standard is a demanding one, under which the plaintiff must show that it is almost certain that the government is going to injure a person before that person can be a plaintiff who can preemptively sue to stop the government’s plans.
The judge concluded that “the Counties are likely to be designated ‘sanctuary jurisdictions’ under their reasonable interpretation of the Executive Order,” concluding this was sufficient to confer standing for the counties to sue.
After having claimed jurisdiction to decide these cases, Orrick ruled the relevant part of the EO unconstitutional on several grounds, and ordered Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly not to carry out Section 9(b) of EO 13,768.
“The Counties’ claims implicate a constitutional interest, the rights of states and local governments to determine their own local policies and enforcement priorities pursuant to the Tenth Amendment,” the judge continued. “The Counties explain that their sanctuary policies reflect local determinations about the best way to promote public health and safety.”
Orrick quoted the Supreme Court’s seminal 1987 case South Dakota v. Dole, in which the Court held, “Incident to [its spending] power, Congress may attach conditions on the receipt of federal funds, and has repeatedly employed the power to further broad policy objectives by conditioning receipt of federal moneys upon compliance by the receipt with federal statutory and administrative directives.”
The judge held that Dole mandates that only Congress can place conditions on removing federal funding, not the president. “Where Congress has failed to give the President discretion in allocating funds, the President has no constitutional authority to withhold such funds and violates his obligation to faithfully execute the laws duly enacted by Congress if he does so,” he ruled.
The judge also took a very strict view of what sort of conditions even Congress can place on federal grants, which is ironic because liberal judges often say the federal government has vast powers when it comes to spending policy. But this separation-of-powers argument that only Congress can strip funding, not the president, may be the issue in the lawsuit where the plaintiffs have the best chance of winning.
Another plausible issue is where he invokes the Tenth Amendment’s coercion doctrine, which holds that Congress can never use its power to spend money under the Constitution’s Spending Clause in a way that actually coerces the states to obey the federal government. Only once has the Court held that this constitutional line was crossed, when it struck down part of Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion in the 2012 case NFIB v. Sebelius.
In contrast to those debatable issues, Orrick also latches onto two other issues that are far outside the mainstream.
One is that he says the EO violates the Fifth Amendment Due Process Clause because it is unconstitutionally vague, which should not hold up on appeal for a number of technical reasons.
The other is that the EO violates state sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment because it conscripts local law enforcement to administer federal law, which is forbidden by the Constitution’s anti-commandeering rule. That part of the decision is patently absurd because the EO is about how to provide financial incentives for local officials to freely choose to conduct local policy in a way that is conducive to federal agents carrying out federal immigration law, not requiring those local police to carry out federal immigration law.
These cases will now go to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. From there, either these cases, or one of a couple of parallel legal challenges wending their way through the federal legal system, will very likely end up before the U.S. Supreme Court, possibly in 2018.
The consolidated cases are City of County of San Francisco v. Trump, No. 17-cv-485, and County of Santa Clara v. Trump, No. 17-cv-574.
EO 13768-San Fran v. Trump-NDCA PI
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.



ARTICLE
This shot across the bow comes as Michael Bloomberg-funded gun control groups, Gabby Giffords’ gun control group, and others unite in hopes of defeating suppressor deregulation contained in the Hearing Protection Act.
In a press release obtained by Breitbart News, Daniel Defense announced the DD Wave,  made of a “unique one-piece, 3D-printed Inconel construction [which] eliminates the need for welds [that are] typically the weakest points of a traditional suppressor-providing unmatched strength and durability.”
The DD WAVE is a “no tools quick-attach/detach” suppressor with coupling that “prevents carbon lock and securely mounts the suppressor to your weapon via a durable 17-4PH stainless steel muzzle device.” And the DD WAVE is designed to be easy to remove from the weapon, “even after extended use.”
On  March 13, Gabby Giffords’ gun control group suggested ear plugs provide better hearing protection that suppressors. The tweet said:

FACT: Silencers do not protect your hearing. pic.twitter.com/EXe8e4VgmY
— ARS (@resp_solutions) March 13, 2017

But Doctors for Responsible Gun Ownership (DRGO) present empirical evidence showing ear plugs fail to fulfill gun controllers’ claims. In fact, DRGO shows firearm suppressors are the devices that actually provide the hearing protection necessary for sport shooters.
DRGO explained:
Hearing protection in the form of ear plugs or ear muffs, alone or in combination, can only reduce noise exposure by approximately 20-30 decibels. This limitation in noise reduction may still expose a firearms user to damaging levels of noise; 120 decibels is still louder than a car horn from three feet away. Thus, inside the canal and over the ear devices (i.e., ear plugs and ear muffs)—the only current generally available protection—are inadequate for impulse noise protection, and when used together they deafen the wearer to all external sound.
DRGO points to a study conducted by Dr. Matthew Branch, who also contributed to the DRGO position paper. His study found:
All suppressors offered significantly greater noise reduction than ear-level protection, usually greater than 50% better. Noise reduction of all ear-level protectors is unable to reduce the impulse pressure below 140 dB for certain common firearms, an international standard for prevention of sensorineural hearing loss… Modern muzzle-level suppression is vastly superior to ear-level protection and the only available form of suppression capable of making certain sporting arms safe for hearing.
The DD WAVE provides an option for shooters who want to throw away their ear plugs and muffs, and attach a device to their firearm that makes the sound manageable from the start.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
“I cannot fail to speak of the grave risks associated with the invasion of the positions of libertarian individualism at high strata of culture and in school and university education,” the Pope said in an message sent to members of the Pontifical Academy of Social Sciences meeting in the Vatican and subsequently shared with Breitbart News.
“A common characteristic of this fallacious paradigm is that it minimizes the common good, that is the idea of ‘living well’ or the ‘good life’ in the communitarian framework,” Francis said, while at the same time exalting a “selfish ideal.”
Members of the Pontifical Academy are currently engaged in a workshop bearing the title “Towards a Participatory Society: New Roads to Social and Cultural Integration,” which began Friday and will run through May 2.
Francis said that libertarianism, “which is so fashionable today,” is a more radical form of the individualism that asserts that “only the individual gives value to things and to interpersonal relations and therefore only the individual decides what is good and what is evil.”
Libertarianism, he said, preaches that the idea of “self-causation” is necessary to ground freedom and individual responsibility.
“Thus, the libertarian individual denies the value of the common good,” the pontiff stated, “because on the one hand he supposes that the very idea of ‘common’ means the constriction of at least some individuals, and on the other hand that the notion of ‘good’ deprives freedom of its essence.”
Libertarianism, he continued, is an “antisocial” radicalization of individualism, which “leads to the conclusion that everyone has the right to extend himself as far as his abilities allow him even at the cost of the exclusion and marginalization of the more vulnerable majority.”
According to this mentality, all relationships that create ties must be eliminated, the Pope suggested, “since they would limit freedom.” In this way, only by living independently of others, of the common good, and even God himself, can a person be free, he said.
This isn’t the first time that the Pope has taken issue with popular social and political trends.
In March, Pope Francis told leaders of the European Union that the populist movements that are sweeping many parts of Europe and other areas are fueled by “egotism.”
Populism, he said, is “the fruit of an egotism that hems people in and prevents them from overcoming and ‘looking beyond’ their own narrow vision.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
“Hey, I’m a nationalist and a globalist,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Thursday. “I’m both.”
“And I’m the only one who makes the decision, believe me,” Trump said.
But Trump also said that he would terminate NAFTA “if we’re unable to make a deal, but hopefully we won’t have to do that.”
Trump’s remarks come as debate swirls around his presidential campaign promise to end the North America Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA in contrast to his recent assertion that he will “negotiate” a revision of the treaty that has guided U.S. trade policy with Mexico and Canada since 1994.
The Journal reported that Trump received almost back-to-back calls from Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Following those conversations Trump said, “They’re serious about it and I will negotiate rather than terminate.”
“Meanwhile, Sonny Perdue—the agriculture secretary who took office two days earlier—and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross met with Mr. Trump and showed him a map indicating the states where jobs would be lost if the pact collapsed, according to a person familiar with the matter,” the Journal reported, noting that many of the states on the map supported Trump in the 2016 presidential election.
“Those conversations, along with a flood of calls to the White House from business executives, helped steer Mr. Trump away from an idea that some of his own advisers feared was a rash and unnecessary threat to two trading partners who fully expected to renegotiate the agreement anyway,” the Journal reported.
“I expect the administration to closely consult with Congress before such major trade-policy decisions are made,” said Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT), chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, which oversees trade. “Withdrawing from NAFTA would have significant effects on the America economy.”
Following Trump’s election in November, Chriss Street penned a commentary for Breitbart News focused on how Trump’s “America First” message would strike a blow to “world socialism.”
“The election of Donald Trump now represents an existential threat to World Socialism across the planet,” Street wrote. “Socialists know that when President Reagan went rogue with his muscular capitalist policies, communism quickly imploded. Trump has already torn up the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have internationalized the law covering $28 trillion in trade and investment, about 40 percent of global GDP.
“Trump seems determined to destroy “Socialist Globalization” with the same capitalist tax cuts and regulatory relief that President Reagan used to destroy communism,” Street wrote.
In an interview with conservative talk show host Laura Ingraham last month, former presidential candidate and conservative commentator Pat Buchanan said abandoning his populist economic message would be “fatal” for Trump’s presidency.



ARTICLE
The CR, introduced in the House on Thursday, amends the Continuing Appropriations Act of 2017.
The current CR was set to expire on Friday.
“There’s no Democratic objection,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) told NBC News.”There’s still some to be negotiated” on a long-term deal, “but the negotiators were up ’til 1:30 last night … so certainly we’re willing to give it a few more days.”
“The short-term measure was needed after negotiations between the two parties in Congress and the administration on a long-term bill fell short of Friday’s deadline,” NBC reported on Friday.
“The CR also amends the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to extend through May 5, 2017, a provision that provides health care benefits for certain retired miners and their families,” the congress.gov website states.
President Donald Trump has until midnight tonight to sign the Continuing Resolution.



ARTICLE
While discussing the details of the Republican House and White House debate about the Obamacare repeal, Brat said, “In the conference, we’ve moved the thing as far as we can move it in the free market direction without losing the votes.”
Asked if the latest tax bill is “for show or the real thing,” Brat said, “Well, it’s both. It’s three-to-seven trillion in tax deductions and possible increases in the deficit – in that neighborhood. That’s a whopper. So they’ve got to find that repatriation. There’s two trillion dollars overseas they can bring back to lessen the pain on the deficit side. So they’ve got to do some of that movement, too. We can’t sustain deficits that big.”
Brat also said he gives Trump “an A” for his first 100 days.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
At a meeting on the Hill late Thursday night, the speaker and his House Republican leadership team decided to further delay the vote. With what appeared to be the acquiescence of conservatives in the Freedom Caucus and think-tanks like Club for Growth and FreedomWorks, who took much of the blame for the failure of the first attempt to pass the American Health Care Act (AHCA) in March, hopes were buoyed that passage was imminent. Instead, according to Politico, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) told reporters as he left the meeting, “We are not voting on health care tomorrow. We’re still educating members.”
Syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham joined Fox News’s Hannity to vent her frustration with House Republicans. “This is another loss for Paul Ryan,” she told host Sean Hannity:
Paul Ryan was given this assignment to quarterback this legislation through the House. It wasn’t easy. It was going to be difficult. You have a lot of different factions, different people, different values, different personalities, but this is something you had to do. If you can’t get health care done, and done right, eight years after saying you were gonna do it … I don’t even know what to say about that. What does that say about your ability to lead at a critical time for our economy?
Ingraham then hinted she may be at the end of her patience with Speaker Ryan’s leadership. “I’m not gonna sugarcoat this. This is an embarrassment that this couldn’t get done,” she fumed. “You’ve got to get better communications. You have to know your caucus. Otherwise, just give it to someone who can do it. That’s all I can say”:

Hannity’s next guest, fellow Fox host Lou Dobbs, went even further in his condemnation of Ryan’s handling of healthcare legislation. “Laura, bless her heart, is trying to be nice to Paul Ryan,” he said. “I think the man is absolutely a disaster. He’s become nothing less than a caricature as House speaker. He’s inept, and the conference, if they don’t get rid of him, we’re going to watch this nonsense go on in perpetuity.”
Dobbs explained that, in his view, President Trump was doing all he could to move his political agenda along and that House GOP leadership had to be held responsible for the sluggish pace on legislative priorities. He then explicitly called for Speaker Ryan’s ouster and replacement by Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), chairman of the hard-line Freedom Caucus, or his predecessor in that position, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH):
Paul Ryan is not a conservative, never has been. His leadership team is a mixed bag of conservatives [and] moderates. The Freedom Caucus are traditional conservatives and great Americans, all of them. … You and I both know Mark [Meadows] and Jim Jordan … for the great Republicans they are. I think either one of those two would make such a terrific speaker.
Dobbs’s suggestion would not be the first time Paul Ryan and the Freedom Caucus found themselves in contention. Members of the Freedom Caucus themselves have called Ryan’s continuation as speaker of the House into question. The entire Freedom Caucus leadership also refused to endorse Ryan in his 2016 primary challenge from the right by businessman Paul Nehlen, although they did assent to Ryan’s speakership the previous year.
Ingraham and Dobbs’s comments add to a growing chorus of voices on the right of the Republican Party calling for Ryan to relinquish the speaker’s mace in the wake of the failure to see through the key GOP platform plank of repealing and replacing Obamacare.



ARTICLE
“You may know that we Hungarians never give up the fight,” Orbán said defiantly, “and I will today once again try to apply the power of common sense in this debate.”
Orbán was referring to specific EU complaints about Hungary’s unilateral opposition to the heavy-handed pressures of American financial speculator George Soros, a major financer of abortion and open immigration throughout the world. Yet in his address, the Prime Minister went further, asserting Hungary’s right to self-governance and challenging the EU to acknowledge the state of crisis into which it has fallen.
He also came to the meeting to showcase the substantial economic progress made by Hungary in recent years, thanks to free market policies of fiscal restraint and pro-business legislation that fly in the face of European bureaucracy, social assistance and hyper-regulation.
“In 2008 we started from a point where Greece was,” Orbán recalled. “The government of Hungary at the time was the first to turn to the Monetary Fund and the EU for a loan. Since then, we have fully repaid this money, ahead of maturity.”
“Since then, we have created hundreds of thousands of jobs. Hungary is on the road to the lowest unemployment rate in the European Union. This is 4% currently. We have created a workfare society, we are giving jobs instead of benefits to everyone who wants to work,” he said.
“Our aim is full employment,” Orbán continued. “Our budget deficit has exceeded the level you required for years – it was 1.8% recently – the state debt is decreasing, and our economic growth is steadily around 4%.”
Acknowledging that Hungary still has “a number of problems to solve,” Orbán said that his nation has reason to be proud. “I am convinced that the success of Hungary is also a European success, and the EU is in great need of success stories nowadays. It would be foolish if this fact did not get enough attention, due to ideological differences,” he said.
While reiterating Hungary’s commitment to the EU, the Prime Minister said bluntly that “we are in many respects dissatisfied with the functioning of the European Union.”
“We are formulating criticism because we want to correct mistakes and we want to reform the European Union. We are convinced that we can only regain the trust of citizens towards European institutions, if we do everything we can to eliminate the causes of bad and inefficient operation.”
While repeating the “basic stance” of the Hungarian government in opposition to the EU’s open borders policy toward economic migrants, Orbán suggested that the EU should allow the Hungarian people the right to control their own borders as well as their fiscal policy.
“Our vision”, he said, “is based on a strong Europe of strong member states. In such a Europe, member states bear responsibility instead of running away from it. Responsibility for state debt, the budget and border protection.”
In an open challenge, the prime minister said that he wanted to influence decisions by using “the tools of debate, reasoning and persuasion,” and called on other EU member states to do the same. Whoever does not like the position of our country, he said, should “contend their own arguments with ours, so we can fight this debate, but please, do not condemn us because Hungary has her own, independent opinion.”
“Hungary is a proud country,” Orbán said. “Hungarians have always considered themselves an important nation, devoted to the Christian values of Europe.”
And while promising Hungary’s commitment to the European Union, Orbán said that his people “will only support the European Union if it is fair and built on open debates, capable of admitting that it needs reform from time to time.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
During a speech at the Newseum on Wednesday, Pai said he plans to roll back the net-neutrality regulations and to restore the light-touch regulatory system established by President Bill Clinton and Congressional Republicans by the 1996 Telecommunications Act.
Net neutrality passed under former Democrat Tom Wheeler’s FCC in 2010. The rule, known as the Open Internet Order, reclassified the internet as a public monopoly. Critics chided the rule, stating that it would diminish the freedom of the internet. Proponents argue that the regulations prevent Internet service providers from discriminating against content providers.
Chairman Pai said during his speech that the internet prospered before net neutrality was enacted. Pai said, “The internet is the greatest free market success in American history.”
Breitbart News asked the FCC chief why he thinks that net neutrality is a problem, and why we must eliminate the rule. He said:
Number one there was no problem to solve, the internet wasn’t broken in 2015. In that situation, it doesn’t seem me that preemptive market-wide regulation is necessary. Number two, even if there was a problem, this wasn’t the right solution to adopt. These Title II regulations were inspired during the Great Depression to regulate Ma Bell which was a telephone monopoly. And the broadband market we have is very different from the telephone market of 1934. So, it seems to me that if you have 4,462 internet service providers and if a few of them are behaving in a way that is anticompetitive or otherwise bad for consumer welfare then you take targeted action to deal with that. You don’t declare the entire market anticompetitive and treat everyone as if they are a monopolist.
Going forward we are going to propose eliminating that Title II classification and figure out the right way forward. The bottom line is, everyone agrees on the principles of a free and open internet what we disagree with is how many regulations are needed to preserve the internet.
During the Chairman’s speech, he referenced Robert McChesney, the founder of Free Press, and his group’s wish for the government to monopolize the internet. Pai explained that McChesney openly bragged about taking over the internet. He said, “At the moment, the battle over network neutrality is not to eliminate the telephone and cable companies. We are not at that point yet. But, the ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in the phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.”
Robert McChesney even said, “In the end, there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.”
To put McChesney’s influence on net neutrality in context, he was cited 46 times in the Obama net neutrality order.
Pai explained that many liberal organizations, such as Free Press, and government officials hold disdain for free speech. Chairman Pai pointed out:
With respect to that particular special interest, he is still on the board, and he and another member of the board did, in fact, make a statement during the Obama administration that he would like the government to get more involved. They do ultimately see the government as the solution for all ills, the point I’m simply making is that the government generally does not do a good job of preserving freedom on a dynamic platform like the internet. Two, the very people who claim that they want net neutrality to preserve free speech on the internet are themselves fundamentally hostile to the basic First Amendment freedoms that have allowed people across the political spectrum to express their views. I think we need to be very clear-eyed about what some of these ideological motivations are.
With respect to the order itself I cannot tell you what was in the minds of the past partisan majority of the FCC other than the fact that they were dutifully following the instructions of President Obama in 2014, who in an unprecedented way compromised the agency’s independence and told us to adopt these heavy-handed regulations that we did not want to adopt.
It’s hard to predict, although the very same people that want the government to regulate the internet and they are fundamentally hostile to free speech in a variety of different ways.  They want unpopular views to be censored online; they don’t stand up to the bullies on college campuses who even violently of late resist against people, including Berkeley which is ironic that it was supposedly the birth of the free speech movement. There are some members of government who want to regulate online platforms, I mentioned in the speech that some of the Federal Election Commission members, for instance, want to restrict political speech and regulate online platforms like the Drudge Report. It seems the worst thing we want is to restrict that core value of the First Amendment to discuss political issues and if anything, else that’s exactly what the Founders had in mind when they enshrined the First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. They want people to express themselves in terms of political opinions.
Breitbart News asked Chairman Pai what impact broadband investment would have on the American economy. The FCC head explained:
It’s going to be tremendous. I did a town hall with Congresswoman Blackburn in Tennessee not long ago and the most consistent message we heard from business owners, and educators and other entrepreneurs who were in the audience is that they said they don’t see internet access as a Republican issue or a Democrat issue, they see it as an American issue. If you have high-speed internet access you can build a business you can get health care and educate your kids, you can create jobs. We need an open and free internet for the 21st century, and if that gateway is closed, we’re essentially left behind. So that’s one of the things we want to do is to promote ubiquitous internet access so that every American who wants it can get it and there’s no telling how broadly the entrepreneurial spirit can flourish if we empower Americans with access to a free and open internet.
Net neutrality sucked up a lot of oxygen and with respect to broadband I think we’re doing so much that could benefit the American people, getting more wireless spectrum in the marketplace for the use of wireless carriers and unlicensed spectrum for the use of Wi-Fi innovators. That’s going to be critical as the world goes wireless.
With respect to infrastructure, we teed up a lot of proposals for better wireline and wireless access, hopefully, we can take up action later this year. Making it easier to get access to utility poles, making it easier to lay fiber in the ground and retire old copper cables, those are the unsexy nuts and bolts issues that the FCC handles, and they produce so much more for the American consumer than they realize. I’m hopeful we can take action on that.
President Trump signed legislation that rescinded an FCC broadband privacy rule that many criticized for allowing internet service providers such as Comcast or Verizon to have greater access to consumer data. TechFreedom president Berin Szoka argued to the contrary, saying, “The FCC’s rules were unwise and unnecessary. The FCC will soon return broadband privacy policing to the Federal Trade Commission, where it belongs, like all online privacy. In the meantime, enacting this CRA will simply mean that the FCC will police broadband privacy case-by-case — just as it had done under Democratic leadership after the FCC’s 2015 Open Internet Order deprived the FTC of its consumer protection power over broadband by reclassifying broadband as a common carrier service.”
Pai explained that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), not the FCC, should be the primary regulator of consumer privacy. He also cautioned that Facebook and Google possess greater access to consumer privacy compared to internet service providers such as Verizon. He said:
I think that we need to have protections for consumer information regardless of the regulatory classification and what company holds that information. I think that the only entity that can handle this is the FTC because they have the expertise in this area and the authority we don’t necessarily have and they have the history of enforcement actions to bring with respect to privacy and data security. So, I think stripping the FTC of authority to regulate consumer privacy was the wrong way to go. The second point is that there’s asymmetric regulation here. The FCC adopted very onerous privacy regulations for internet service providers, where in reality it is not internet service providers who have a great insight into consumer activity. For example, if you’re on your cell phone you might go from your Wi-Fi network to your work Wi-Fi network to a coffee shop’s Wi-Fi network and there could four or five ISPs or even more that only capture a part of your identity, whereas some of the edge providers [e.g. Facebook and Google] have a greater insight across many different platforms and can see what you’re doing so we simply want to make sure they have a level playing field on privacy regulations. I would love to work with the chairwoman of the FTC to make sure we do that.
A group of protesters interrupted Pai at a recent FCC meeting with a live rendition of Rick Astley’s “Never Gonna Give You Up.” Pai sang along with part of the chorus.
He enjoyed the stunt, saying, “I thought it was kind of funny, some of them were probably thinking that I would get angry and yell at them but number one it was a funny song, it’s one of the great internet memes of all time. I want to say, look we cherish the First Amendment here at the FCC and in this country and as long as you’re not disruptive or physically violent then have you’re say and I’m not going to get in the way. Conversely, I hope that people recognize that I have a First Amendment right to speak my mind as well and I’m not going to be intimated as well.”
The digital divide is one of the core missions that Pai works on at the FCC. He explained what he believes that divide is and how the FCC can best close that gap:
The digital divide is one of the issues that really motivates my work at the FCC that there are too many Americans disproportionately rural and low-income urban Americans who don’t have the same access to the internet and other advanced technologies as the rest of us do. The FCC’s role, I think, is to use all the tools in the toolbox to help address that gap. To close that digital divide. I’ve focused in my three months on the job, making sure that we revise the necessary repeal of infrastructure regulations to promote infrastructure investment in the private sector, to make it easier to deploy the nuts and bolts of a high-speed internet to benefit all Americans. Number two, to more wisely spend federal subsidies which Congress has given us the authority to administer in order to make sure that unserved Americans get access to the internet and some of those technologies. On a bipartisan basis, I would note, we’ve been able to take some major actions that will bear some major fruit in the years to come.
FCC Commissioner Michael O’Reilly argued on Wednesday that Congress should enact a legislative solution to enshrine the principles of a free internet in law.
Chairman Pai elaborated on his colleague’s argument, saying that a legislative solution would end the political uncertainty of internet regulation.
He said, “I think the best solution would be for Congress to tell us what they want the rules of the road to be for the FCC and the country when it comes to the digital world. Part of the problem is that we are consistently looking at 1934 laws and 1996 laws then we try to shoehorn our modern marketplace to some of those paradigms that frankly we didn’t anticipate a marketplace as dynamic as the internet. I really think that Congress, ideally looking at all the opinions, and all the constituencies they can come to a consensus. Because again as Commissioner O’Reilly pointed out we don’t want the regulatory winds to keep shifting every four or eight years we want to provide some level of consistency to the marketplace so that consumers and companies alike can enjoy the digital revolution.”



ARTICLE
The same media would later indulge Obama’s incessant complaints that all of his problems were caused by George W. Bush, which is difficult to square with their nearly universal praise for his total reversal of Bush policies 100 days into his administration.
Time magazine, for example, dubbed the Obama administration a “historic presidency” at the top of its Hundred Days special coverage, then brought in Joe Klein to declare Obama’s start “the most impressive of any president since F.D.R.” 
Mark Halperin gushed that Obama was “instantly comfortable and highly skilled at the hardest job in the world,” swooning over the new president’s “even temper, cool demeanor, boldness under pressure, shrewd facility for managing personnel, unfailing instincts about when to delegate and when to engage.” 
Halperin faulted Obama only for a “handful of public missteps” and, most amusingly, for his “failure to ameliorate the partisan divide.”
Comparisons to FDR were ubiquitous in Obama’s Hundred Days coverage; it would probably be easier to list the mainstream media articles that didn’t favorably compare Obama to Roosevelt. Savannah Guthrie at NBC News inadvertently let slip the reason why: White House officials were making the comparison themselves, every chance they got. The media simply followed their lead.
NBC’s summary illustrated how much of the media uncritically accepted what the Obama White House said about its first few months in office. Guthrie’s piece literally repeats the talking points Team Obama gave her, treating them as objective truth. (“Advisers are only too happy to tick off a flurry of accomplishments on the economy in the administration’s first hundred days.”) 
She even repeated transparently ridiculous fluff like Obama’s aides claiming his “even temperament” only “darkened” when he had to deal with “military families who’ve lost loved ones” and read “personal letters from Americans telling stories of their own economic turmoil.” 
The Washington Post said Obama had “moved quickly to strengthen the U.S. economy, refine the American strategy in two foreign wars and reverse Bush-era detention and interrogation policies that have drawn condemnation at home and abroad.” 
In the Post’s view, Obama’s biggest failure at the 100-day mark was overestimating the willingness of Republicans in Congress to “rally behind the nation’s first African-American president at a time of crisis.” In other words, they thought Obama naive for believing evil Republicans could overcome their racism to vote for his magnificent stimulus bill.
Jack Cafferty at CNN asked its audience to name their favorite Obama success in the first 100 days, blithely assuming no reasonable person would think the nascent presidency a failure. One of Cafferty’s favorite successes was “meeting with leaders around the world, promising a new era of American leadership and cooperation.”
ABC News saluted Obama for moving “swiftly” and “rapidly” to “revoke and alter policies that marked the legacy of the Bush team.” (Why, just 100 days into the Obama presidency, Guantanamo Bay was as good as closed!) 
The only criticism of Obama ABC could think to mention was that “critics say he could be putting too much on his already-full plate.” Those old enough to remember 2009 may recall critics saying many other things about Barack Obama, but for the mainstream media, the only flaw of this history-sculpting titan was that he cared too damn much.
The memory bank over at NewsBusters coughed up a clump of TV “journalists” worshiping at the Obama altar 100 days in, with comparisons to George Washington and the Kennedys. Michelle Obama was embraced as a “rock star.” Katie Couric asked John Boehner if his Republican caucus was “digging themselves into a hole” by not surrendering all objections to Obama’s magical agenda.
It is hard to top New York Times reporter Jeff Zeleny’s legendary puffball question at President Obama’s 100 Days press conference: “During these first 100 days, what has surprised you the most about this office, enchanted you the most about serving in this office, humbled you the most and troubled you the most?”
Even as the Obama Hundred Days were unfolding, the Pew Research Center noted that President Obama “enjoyed substantially more positive media coverage than either Bill Clinton or George Bush during their first months in the White House.” 
Pew found positive stories about Obama outweighed the negatives by two-to-one, not just on the op-ed pages, but in “straight” news stories. One of the reasons proposed for this disparity was Obama’s habit of “getting out of Washington and meeting directly with the public,” giving the media a steady stream of soft-focus human-interest stories to write about. 
Also, Pew noted the coverage was heavily focused on Obama’s “personal and leadership qualities” than on his actual policy agenda. Not coincidentally, lifestyle and entertainment media continued treating the Obama family as celebrity superstars throughout the Hundred Days. “It feels as if sometimes the editors love them more than the readers,” one celebrity magazine editor remarked to the Today show.
When the media did talk policy during the Obama Hundred Days, it gave him nearly unlimited credit for dealing with the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. Coverage of Obama’s trillion-dollar stimulus bill almost invariably portrayed it as the new president’s effort to “fix” the nation’s broken economy, opposed only by mindless obstructionists (and, as noted, racists).
The media stressed Obama’s popularity in polls, conjured an aura of profound legitimacy around his margin of victory in the 2008 election, and placed great emphasis on polls that showed public optimism about America’s moving onto the “right track” because of his election. (They seem a great deal less interested in polls that show the public brimming with confidence about the economy now that Obama is gone.) 
The media themselves were suffused with optimism and appreciation for Obama’s good intentions at the Hundred Day mark. For example, check out this assessment of Obama’s first budget proposal from April 29, 2009, at CNBC: “While a welcome victory, congressional passage of the budget would be only a first, relatively easy step toward Obama’s goal of providing health care coverage for all Americans.” 
Notice how getting that budget passed was not qualified as a welcome victory for Obama or for Democrats, and his healthcare ambitions were presented as pure unalloyed goodness. The mainstream media rarely discusses the “goals” of Republican presidents, especially the current one. 
Obama’s political credit card had no limit for advances on his good intentions. There was a little grumbling about how he did not manage a few administrative details perfectly, but the media had no doubt whatsoever that Obama meant well or that he had brilliant strategies for achieving his noble ends. Conversely, Republicans were asked to explain how they could oppose the new president in good conscience. The narrative of a historic president with a nearly unprecedented electoral and moral mandate was set long before Day 100 ticked by.



ARTICLE
Mike Donnelly, director of international relations for HSLDA, tells Breitbart News that while Cuban pastor Ramón Rigal and his wife Adya would prefer to remain in their country, they are requesting asylum from the United States.
HSLDA – which offers legal assistance to homeschooling families – is asking its members and others to sign a petition that lets Cuba know sending parents to jail for homeschooling is unacceptable.
Rigal and his wife were arrested in February and charged with “contributing to the delinquency of minors for failing to send their children to state schools,” Donnelly writes in a column at the HSLDA website.
“They would not let me speak in my defense,” Donnelly says Rigal reported to him after his trial. “I brought evidence that my children were learning—notebooks and materials—[but] they didn’t care.”
“When I tried to tell the judge about my evidence or to say that the government was acting unfairly, the judge told me that if I continued to speak she would have me removed from the courtroom,” he added. “Whenever I tried to bring up one of my witnesses, the judge would tell them to ‘get out of here.’”
The Rigals were given three days to appeal the decision, but the couple and HSLDA are facing difficulties obtaining attorneys willing to take on the Cuban government.
“Communist governments do not appreciate lawyers who are willing to defend people whose human rights have been violated,” Donnelly writes.
Donnelly says the Obama administration claimed that normalizing relations with Cuba would lead to greater benefits for its citizens.
“Although Cuba is a communist country, it has signed international human rights treaties which require respects for parental decisions regarding how children are educated,” he further explains. “This is not a very promising sign.”
“Policies that totally prohibit or impose undue burdens on parents home education are antithetical to the kind of pluralism and civil society that is needed in free societies,” Donnelly adds.
HSLDA is asking the Trump administration to use its influence to assist this family and to communicate with Cuba that such behavior is not acceptable.



ARTICLE
Jonathan Easley of The Hill writes that the nationalist populism of former Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon has come back as President Donald Trump approaches 100 days in the White House.
This shift, Easley writes, has “allayed the fears of conservatives who worried that the president was more concerned with appeasing Washington insiders than fulfilling key campaign promises.”
From The Hill:
Grassroots conservatives expressed alarm when media reports suggested a West Wing shake-up was in the works, with Bannon among the casualties.
But with the White House hungry for victories ahead of Trump’s 100th day in office, the president has fallen back on the “economic nationalism” that’s central to Bannon’s worldview.
“Steve was benched and I think it got his attention and he realized he had to step up and show the president how he valuable he is,” said one GOP operative with close ties to the White House. “He’s kept his head down and got back to work and was ready when he was called upon.”
Keeping up a blistering pace punctuated by executive orders and tough talk, Trump appears to have recommitted himself to the nationalist-populist themes he rode into office when Bannon acted as his campaign chairman.
Read the rest of the story here.



ARTICLE
Pre-Inauguration
A review of events is instructive. Even before Trump took office, the attempts to delegitimize the billionaire kicked into high gear when Hillary Clinton’s campaign joined the improbable recount efforts led by Green Party candidate Jill Stein.
When those efforts failed miserably, the Clinton campaign turned to an outlandish attempt to usurp Trump’s Electoral College victory. John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s top political adviser who served as chairman of her presidential campaign, expressed his support in December for a petition calling for Electoral College voters to receive an intelligence briefing on claims of Russian intervention in the presidential election.
Around the same time, a Democratic presidential elector from California filed a lawsuit aiming to overturn a California statute that requires him and the states’ other electors to support the winner of the popular vote in the state. The lawsuit was clearly part of an effort to set a legal precedent to free any rogue Republican electors in other states to cast their ballots for someone other than Trump.
In addition, Harvard law professor and progressive activist Larry Lessig announced that he was teaming up with a California-based law firm to offer “free and confidential” legal services to any members of the Electoral College who would vote against Trump in violation of state law.
Trump’s inauguration was marred by threats of mass protest by a movement dubbed DisruptJ20, which Breitbart News exposed as being made up of professional left-wing activists with ties to groups financed by George Soros.
And as Michael Goodwin correctly noted in the New York Post on Wednesday, Trump’s inauguration was followed 24-hours later by a so-called Women’s March seeking to taint the newly installed president. That protest group was a coalition that reportedly consisted of more than 50 “partners” tied to Soros. This journalist first reported on the march leaders’ own close associations with Soros.
Trump was also welcomed to office by Soros-financed advocacy groups openly working for the new president’s impeachment.
Treason claims, Russia smears
Some of the basis for the many attempts to delegitimize Trump center on unsubstantiated Russian intervention claims that began after Trump was elected and have since been repeatedly utilized to delegitimize the president.
Only last week, it was revealed that the controversial, partially discredited 35-page dossier on Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer served as the FBI’s justification for seeking court approval to clandestinely monitor Carter Page, who has been identified as a foreign policy adviser to Trump.
This is not the FBI’s only use of the dossier.  Last month, the BBC reported the document served as a “roadmap” for the FBI’s investigation into claims of coordination between Moscow and members of Trump’s presidential campaign.
The dossier, which contains wild and unproven claims about Trump and sordid sexual acts, including the widely-mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate on a hotel room bed, was compiled by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele, who was reportedly paid by Democrats and anti-Trump Republicans to investigate Trump.  The credibility of the document has been called into question by current and former U.S officials.
Even before he took office, Trump’s future presidency was mired in multiple attempts to smear his incoming administration with numerous trumped up charges, from falsified claims of anti-Semitism to comparisons to murderous leader Adolf Hitler to questions surrounding his emotional health.
Breitbart News reported on the talking point theme in which numerous Democratic Party operatives and establishment pundits began to increasingly use the word “treason” in a seeming attempt to smear Trump over the unproven Russia collusion claims. Many of the arguments mirrored each other in specific ways.
In February, another establishment echo-chamber trend emerged in which news media outlets featured articles quoting health care professionals who questioned the billionaire’s mental stability.
Following those reports, some Democratic politicians – and at least one Republican – called for Trump to be subjected to a psychiatric examination to determine whether he was fit for office. Some commentators have even suggested invoking the 25th Amendment of the Constitution, which allows for the commander-in-chief’s removal from office if the “president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.”
The health care professionals quoted in recent months attempting to diagnose Trump seem to be violating the so-called Goldwater Rule, established by the American Psychiatric Association after similar unsupported attacks against Senator Barry Goldwater during his 1964 presidential campaign, which was widely considered a threat to the political establishment.  The APA’s Goldwater Rule forbids psychiatrists from commenting on someone’s mental status unless they first carry out an examination and the doctor is authorized by the patient to speak to the public.
Soros groups scheme
Trump has been the target of numerous major protests depicted as grassroots by some news media outlets.
Last Saturday, for example, an anti-Trump Tax Day March was held in Washington and at least 60 other locations. Unreported by the news media is that most of the listed partners and support organizers of the anti-Trump tax march were openly financed by Soros or have close links to Soros financing, as this reporter exposed.
One group that has been organizing mass protests is the Indivisible Project. Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by Soros.
In February, Breitbart News reported that a Soros-financed group distributed an actual script with anti-Trump talking points for citizens to use in town hall meetings, including during that month’s Congressional recess.  The script provided word-for-word language suggestions that accuse the Trump administration of “xenophobia, racism and Islamophobia.” It asked activists to use the descriptors to petition their representatives to “forcefully condemn” and support legislation opposing Trump’s immigration and border security agendas.
Meanwhile, Soros groups are not limiting themselves to protests. Numerous progressive, Soros-financed organizations have used the courts to stop Trump policies – at times successfully – especially his immigration actions.
In January, immigration lawyers from groups financed by Soros, a champion of open border policies, were signatories to a lawsuit that successfully blocked Trump’s original executive order halting visas for 90 days to “immigrants and non-immigrants” from Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, Iran and Iraq.
Earlier this month, Soros-funded organizations banded together to sue the Department of Homeland Security for the release of visitor logs to the White House and President Trump’s homes in both New York and Florida.
Obama vs. Trump
As Trump plans a slew of policies that could dismantle key parts of Barack Obama’s presidential legacy, the former president seems to be returning to his roots as a Saul Alinsky-style radical community organizer.
This time, Obama and his associates’ objective is to stop Trump’s domestic and foreign policy agendas on virtually all fronts – immigration reform, border security, the roll back of the controversial Obamacare system and more.  According to some accounts, Obama and his associates may be seeking no less than Trump’s impeachment.
The latest sign of Obama’s fingerprints on Trump disruption plots comes from recent reports that former Obama administration staffers have formed a group to closely monitor the Trump administration.
Last month, the Daily Mail reported that Obama’s top adviser, Valerie Jarrett, had moved into Obama’s multi-million dollar rental home in the nation’s capital. The newspaper claimed Obama is turning his home “into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against” Trump.
“Obama’s goal, according to a close family friend, is to oust Trump from the presidency either by forcing his resignation or through his impeachment,” reported the Daily Mail.
Evidence of Obama’s close associations with efforts to oppose Trump emerged when a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration last month formed their own organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to target Trump’s policies.
In February, it was reported that Organizing for Action, the activist group that emerged from Obama’s first presidential campaign, partnered with the Indivisible Project for “online trainings” on how to protest Trump’s agenda.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
 



ARTICLE
On Thursday, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R), who earlier this year led a one-man fact-finding trip to scout locations for the embassy, said Trump would announce the relocation when he visits Israel at the end of May, fulfilling a campaign promise he appeared to walk back after assuming office. Asked about the relocation by Reuters, Trump demurred.
“Ask me in a month on that,” he told the news agency. Trump also appeared to express frustration that Israelis and Palestinians continued to not have a peace deal, saying there was no reason for the conflict to persist.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
The strongly worded letter, authored by Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Christopher A. Coons (D-Del.) and released on Friday, was signed by every member of the US Senate. “Through words and actions, we urge you to ensure that Israel is treated neither better nor worse than any other UN member in good standing,” the letter said, describing the “continued targeting of Israel” in the world body as “unacceptable.”
The letter urged several concrete steps to improve Israel’s treatment by the organization, singling out for criticism UNRWA, which deals with Palestinian refugees; the UN Human Rights Council for its singular focus on the Jewish state; and UNESCO, for denying Jewish ties to holy sites in Jerusalem.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Katz, who is also transportation minister, told Army Radio in an interview Thursday morning that “the incident is completely compatible with our policy of preventing weapons transfer to Hezbollah,” the Lebanon-based terror group supported by the Syrian regime and Iran.
“Every time we receive intelligence information on plans to transfer advanced weaponry to Hezbollah, we will act,” the minister added. “We must prevent Iran from establishing a military presence in Syria.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
But there is agreement — however fragile, and grudging — on one thing: President Trump has generally fulfilled his promises. Even those who don’t like his promises seem to acknowledge that.
A poll on Trump’s first 100 days by USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times — the only major public poll to predict, correctly, that Trump could win the 2016 election — revealed that 53% of respondents believed Trump was keeping his promises,  and 51% said “Trump has accomplished as much or more than promised.”
No, he has not achieved everything he said he would. And yes, he has broken a few promises. But on most substantial issues, he is delivering what he offered.
In The Art of the Deal — a book published 30 years ago, yet still relevant to business, and to understanding the 45th president — Trump outlined several rules for successful negotiation. One of them was: “Deliver the Goods.”
“You can’t con people, at least not for long,” Trump wrote. “You can create excitement, you can do wonderful promotion and get all kinds of press, and you can throw in a little hyperbole. But if you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on. ”
By and large, Trump is delivering.
He promised he would nominate conservative judges to Supreme Court vacancies — and with Neil Gorsuch, he delivered. He promised he would roll back regulations — and through his executive orders and his use of the Congressional Review Act, he delivered. He promised he would restore the place of the United States in global leadership — and through air strikes against the Syrian regime for using chemical weapons, he delivered.
No, he has not signed a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. And he has not passed tax reform. But he made progress towards both.
In the last few days before 100, Trump — while dismissing the 100-day benchmark as “ridiculous” — rolled out the biggest tax cut ever proposed.
Critics mock him for rushing towards the deadline. So what? That is what deadlines are for — and he delivered, again.
Even when he hasn’t delivered, Trump has made progress. He dropped his demand for border wall funding in next year’s budget. Yet illegal border crossings are already down 64%, because the world knows he is serious about enforcement.
He continued to push Congress to repeal Obamacare after the American Health Care Act failed. He will continue to push in the months to come, despite the late failure of a second effort this week.
He has not moved the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem yet, but he has dropped the two-state solution as an absolute demand.
Trump’s most vocal critics, both right and left, are not worried that he will not fulfill his promises — though they seize on every stumble along the way. Rather, they are more worried that he will, in fact, do what he said he would.
Amidst the shock of his executive order on January 27 suspending travel from seven terror-prone countries, it suddenly dawned on his opponents that he might mean what he says. The order was no more and no less, after all, than what he had promised voters on the trail.
Not everything may work out as hoped. The Wall Street Journal slammed Trump’s retaliatory tariff on Canadian lumber, for example, saying it would raise the cost of American housing and hurt construction. That is, indeed, what Economics 101 would predict: a tariff hurts foreign producers, but it also raises prices for domestic consumers (not yet, but eventually).
Still, Trump did what he said he would do, pushing back against perceived unfair practices by our trading partners.
The mainstream media tell us Trump has eroded the credibility of the presidency through controversial statements, incorrect factual claims and errant tweets. But Trump’s actions are more important than his words.
As conservative radio host Mark Levin — who opposed Trump in the GOP primary, and rejects Trump’s “populist nationalist” approach — said this week: “He’s done more as president than the Republicans in Congress have done, controlling both houses of Congress. And I’m not talking about fiats — I’m talking about what a president constitutionally and legitimately can do. He’s doing it!”
Cartoonist Scott Adams, of Dilbert fame, who has gained notoriety as an amateur political pundit, tweeted in February: “Watch for Trump’s critics to migrate from ‘Trump is Hitler’ to ‘Trump is incompetent’ by summer. Later: ‘Competent, but I don’t like it.'”
That progression has happened even more quickly than Adams anticipated. Already, there is a “fourth stage” of Trump criticism: “Well, I may like it, but Trump is getting lucky.”
One could argue, from a left-wing viewpoint, that Trump is a bad president. But no serious observer could claim he has been an ineffective one.
As Byron York of the Washington Examiner notes, where Trump has been able to wield executive authority, he has generally succeeded. His few failures have not been entirely his fault: Congress frequently dropped the ball on major new legislation, and the courts arguably overstepped their authority in blocking his executive orders on immigration.
With the history of past presidents in mind, we may grade Trump’s first 100 days.
First, there were no disasters. That alone earns him a passing grade — say, 60%.
Add 10% for the Gorsuch nomination — which, perhaps, any Republican might have done. That takes him to a “gentleman’s C.”
But there is more: Trump earns 10% credit each for his bold foreign policy and his aggressive repeal of federal regulations.
That takes him up to 90% — to the cusp of an A grade. Perhaps not an automatic “A,” given the troubled rollout of the executive orders on immigration, and the repeated collapse of efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare. But close enough for a case to be made.
Whether you think Trump deserves that A will depend on how seriously you take some of his administration’s shortcomings — most of them, at least so far, rather inconsequential: the personnel shuffles, the gaffes, the compromises, the alleged conflicts of interest, the squabbles with the press.
Though the opposition — the so-called “resistance” — is desperate to inflate these to impeachable offenses, few of these distinguish him from his recent predecessors in the Oval Office.
Despite his record of delivery, Trump’s supporters fret that he will move to the left, pulled by his aides and his family, and pushed by the relentless pressure of the mainstream media.
But Trump’s opponents have a bigger problem, which is that he may continue to do well.
They have refused to work with him, and tried everything to destroy him. The moment his polls cross firmly into positive territory, the “resistance” will be lost.
That moment seems more likely now than it was on January 20. President Trump’s first 100 days have been that strong.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak



ARTICLE
“I think the president is going big league on trade right now,” Priebus said in an exclusive interview on Thursday afternoon, just a couple days before the 100-day mark. He went on to say:
He just signed an executive order on aluminum that ends us being taken advantage of on aluminum. Last week it was steel. He’s been talking about NAFTA, and making sure that we get a good deal—and otherwise, if we don’t get a good deal, he’s willing to pull the trigger and start the process of getting out of NAFTA. One of the first things he did was get out of TPP, another campaign promise. I think the president is cooking with gas right now when it comes to trade.
In the past week plus, Trump has gone hard after NAFTA—first signaling he would be open to scrapping the 1990s-era trade deal between the United States, Mexico, and Canada entirely, before agreeing to renegotiate the deal after phone calls with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto.
Meanwhile, the president has cracked down on Canadian dairy and lumber industries—which have had a negative effect on U.S. counterparts—and zoned in on cracking down on unfair practices on the world stage with regards to the aluminum and steel industries. All of that comes after, in just his first couple weeks as president, he followed through on a campaign promise to rip up the Trans Pacific Partnership—once and for all.
Priebus’s exclusive interview with Breitbart News comes as the 100-day mark looms, and it focused on the administration’s successes, setbacks, and lessons learned. Despite legacy, establishment media outlets claiming repeatedly that Trump has not delivered much in his first few months in office, the president has actually had a number of successes across government and in all facets of his agenda with more to come, Priebus pointed out:
Well, look, I think that the president accomplished something that’s quite historical whether you look at deregulation or TPP—28 pieces of legislation, he followed through on the ethics pledge to make sure that all of his staff are barred from ever lobbying for a foreign government and five years within that same department as a domestic lobbyist. He’s touched on HBCUs [Historically Black Colleges and Universities], opioids, Keystone, I could just go on and on—not to mention Gorsuch, who’s an incredible pick. Just look at the deregulation—obviously, you’ve written about it but it’s remarkable. For every new regulation, two regulations have to be dismissed which means he put our country on a permanent glide path toward deregulation on a permanent basis. There’s more—but one last thing: Look at how he’s realigned our position in the world. He’s got leverage with North Korea and China, realigning there, he’s forcing countries to pay up to NATO. We had the NATO meeting and I know some people were sort of perplexed that he was on stage with NATO but what was the first thing that came out of the Secretary General’s mouth? He said President Trump is 100 percent right that these countries have to start paying up. Look at Egypt: He was criticized for having a meeting with Egypt. What happened 10 days later? The prisoner was released, something that Barack Obama couldn’t get done. All I would tell you is I think if you look at everything President Trump could control, he’s done a remarkable job and I would say a historically good job.
All of that is true: Trump has opened up the Keystone XL pipeline and Dakota Access pipeline; instituted the aforementioned ethics pledge; held events focused on and signed executive orders related to HBCUs and the opioid epidemic; achieved that success with NATO at a meeting and joint press conference with the Secretary General; secured the release of an American prisoner held by the Egyptian government; and appointed and overseen the confirmation in the U.S. Senate of Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Specifically on Gorsuch, Priebus told Breitbart News, the fact that Trump nominated him and the whole process that played out should be proof Trump is “a man of his word.” Priebus told Breitbart News:
For one thing, the entire process should be totally a complete validation that President Trump is a man of his word because he put out that list, he told the world that ‘I’m going to choose a judge from this list,’ some people questioned it, but he followed through in grand fashion. That’s number one. Number two, the process of interviewing, the process of vetting started back in November after the victory and the process was methodical and he spoke to all the right people and players and groups and had meetings in the White House if you remember with Republicans and Democrats. He talked to trade groups, he talked to citizens across the country, he talked to members of the Senate, he did everything that you would expect a professional, competent operation to do and he did it every day until ultimately he made the decision to choose Justice Gorsuch.
Priebus added that the execution of the Gorsuch pick rollout, among many other things—including day-to-day operations at the White House, where Trump has had an overpacked schedule nearly every day with multiple events, bill signings, executive order signings, meetings with foreign dignitaries, and more since his inauguration on Jan. 20—is a sign that the White House runs smoothly. No small feat. Priebus said:
Even the mystery of who it would be up until the very time Justice Gorsuch walked out into the East Room was executed to a T, which sort of brings us to another point which is there’s a lot—you look at the day-to-day here in the White House. One EO [executive order] signing, a bill signing, a meeting with a trade group, a bilateral meeting with a foreign dignitary, and you look at the amount of activity that goes on in this White House with this president—it’s not like he’s doing one event a day, he’s doing one thing after the next and he’s doing it flawlessly. Just so you know, that doesn’t happen by accident. The team here, everything from the public liaison to the political operation to the intergovernmental agency process, I’m just telling you that though the Gorsuch thing is the big shiny object that was flawless, you look at all of these events that happen, you have to say there’s not a lot of things that go wrong on a regular basis on the day-to-day operation in the White House.
Another point that has appeared in virtually no media roundups of Trump’s first 100 days, Priebus said, is the president’s first address to a joint session of Congress. That speech earned him universal praise, and one of the most powerful moments in modern presidential history—his exchange with Carryn Owens, the widow of fallen U.S. Navy SEAL Ryan Owens—rocked the world that night. Priebus continued:
I think what you saw that night was everything that President Trump believed in—whether it be from the 1980s, the 1990s, where we are today, the feeling that he has about this country, how much better we should be and how much stronger we should be and how much more respected we should be—was captured that night,” Priebus told Breitbart News about the president’s speech that evening. “It was captured through a lot of issues. It was captured through talking about education, it was captured through talked about our position on the world stage, it was captured talking about what we need to do to repeal and replace Obamacare, but beside that it was captured in a moment of pride looking at a widow up in the balcony that lost a hero soldier and honored by a president that understood the incredible value of life and the value and respect that he has for the heroes of this country and also the respect for the United States of America at that moment where the president, the House and the Senate are getting together and talking about how great America ought to be all coming together in a stew of pride that was captured by looking at that great family up in the balcony. That’s what I was thinking about when that happened and I think that’s what a lot of people were thinking about.

Since Trump won the election, and especially since he has been in office, nearly every economic indicator has been on the upswing—from the stock market to employment numbers to business development and more—something Priebus attributes to an overall message of optimism emanating from the president. Priebus’s words:
I think what’s important to know is that underlying all of the things that President Trump is doing is one real basic theme which is optimism,” Priebus said. “There’s an incredible optimism among manufacturers, business groups, people that are expecting a better future. All the polling aside—I know everyone loves to talk about the polling—but one of the things that gets lost, and you touched on it, is that people are optimistic for the future. People believe that President Trump is going to follow through on his promises and that those promises are going to result in a better future for everybody. When you look at the stock market, you look at business growth, the housing market, sales getting better, people being able to buy and sell their house, all those things matter—and that sort of optimism underneath everything is I think a great foundation for President Trump’s legacy moving forward.
On immigration, illegal border crossings are down, while Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly have increased efforts to enforce the law. President Trump recently, in a meeting with conservative media at the White House earlier this week, compared MS-13—the drug trafficking connected gang—to terrorist group Al Qaeda, and the administration has created an office, VOICE, designed to represent families with victims of illegal immigrant crime. Trump, meanwhile, maintains plans to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border once and for all—despite setbacks for now in funding from the congressional side of things. Priebus, in his exclusive interview with Breitbart News, sang the president’s praises on immigration:
People understand across the borders that we have a president that’s not really interested in playing games on illegal immigration. We’ve had enough illegal immigration. It’s time to get serious about putting Americans first, and legal Americans first. I think we’re in agreement that there’s not anything good about illegal immigration, and a lot of it’s that really bad like drugs, human trafficking, violence—there’s a lot of reasons for having and wanting to have a wall on the southern border. It’s not just a wall that’s a campaign promise. It’s a wall that’s there to protect Americans from something that shouldn’t be happening. So as far as this issue is concerned, the president has been very strong on illegal immigration and I think that people that have been attempting to come over the border on the mass trek across hundreds of miles maybe even through Central America and Mexico are thinking again about it saying ‘you know what? This may not be worth it because we’re going to get turned around and get returned back to where we came from.’ That may sound harsh, but it’s not. It’s about sovereignty and protecting the people of the United States.
On rolling back regulations, which Trump has done via executive action, and empowering his cabinet officials to act and through the Congressional Review Act, Priebus said that Trump’s vision resembles his predecessor Ronald Reagan.
Priebus said to Breitbart News, “Here’s what I think people should understand: One of the pillars of Reaganomics was deregulation. If you ask anyone about Reaganomics, you can’t have a conversation about how that economic transformation happened without talking about deregulation. If you look at the president’s earliest actions, it’s all about deregulation. It’s all about CRAs. It’s about deregulation. I think he’s at 12 CRAs now, and there’s only one that was done previous to President Trump. So when you take the executive order on deregulation two for one, you take the CRA activity, you look at what he’s doing on clean power—and obviously that’s part of it—but this unbelievable effort and focus on deregulation is part of what his vision is. The president will tell you—and you saw in his tax plan, he’s all for lowering taxes for every American and it’s going to be the biggest tax cut for all Americans that’s ever been done—but put that aside, he also understands a lot of these guys in small business who put people to work, they will tell you ‘listen the taxes are out of control, we shouldn’t be paying 35 percent, but I’ll tell you what, what’s worse is the regulations. I’m getting killed on regulations. I hate the taxes, but the regulations are worse.’ The president gets it.”



ARTICLE
Once inaugurated, President Trump quickly killed the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which would have pushed 330 million Americans into a Pacific-wide, ever-expanding, trade-and-government regime that would have gradually shackled Americans’ freedom to make their laws, to control migration and to keep their living standards.
Killing TPP is Trump’s first huge success, says Rick Manning, president of Americans for Limited Government. He gets an A+ for killing TPP, and “everything else is nuance in the weeds,” he said. 
But the “everything else” includes some very big weeds, including Trump’s campaign promise to hit China for currency manipulation and also to withdraw or reform the NAFTA trade deal. 
Trump has also made a second fundamental change by showing that he wants his supporters to help him cut those weeds and to fight the “swamp creatures” in D.C., says Manning. Under former President Barack Obama’s progressive administration, the public had no power to change Obama’s determined push towards a corporatist world government built on wealth-shifting globalist trade deals. 
But in Trump’s nationalist administration, Trump and the public are both focused on Americans’ interests. Also, Trump is promising to conduct narrow, comprehensible country-to-country trade deals. Those shifts away from globalism means ordinary Americans can play a huge role in shaping national trade policy by marching, protesting, shouting, and voting, said Manning.
Of course, Wall Street, business interests, and purchased politicians are also pushing for one-sided deals which help them. “Everyday, Donald Trump looks the swamp creatures in the eye, and he needs the people who supported him to be there fight with him side-by-side … he wants his supporters to be fighting alongside him, and he needs them,” said Manning. 
Manning continued:

Every day, every politician needs to be reminded of their promises. That’s the system of government we have, and it is the only chance the people have in the real world to overcome the the swamp in the DC. I think [Trump] was sincere in his promises, I think he wants to be reminded about those promises, and in all sincerity, he wants to know if he’s disappointing people.

On NAFTA, Trump announced during the campaign that he would “I’m going tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal for our workers.” This week, he started that process – and he will be helped if his supporters keep the up pressure on Washington for fixes to NAFTA.
Even when Trump has broken his lesser campaign promises, there are excuses, rationalizations, side-deals and offsets. 
For example, Trump promised to shove back against China’s low-priced exports by declaring the country to be a treaty-violating currency manipulator. He’s backtracked on that promise, but maybe will get valuable concessions from China to help suppress the North Korean crisis, Manning said. 
In 2015, Trump slammed the Export-Import Bank of the United States, saying:

I don’t like it. I think it’s a lot of excess baggage. I think it’s unnecessary. And when you think about free enterprise, it’s really not free enterprise.

In April, announced he would nominate one of the bank’s critics as the new chief. The critic is New Jersey Rep. Scott Garrett. “It is a mistake to continue it … [but that new manager is] why my blood does not boil,” said Manning.
Voters should recognize Trump’s huge achievement in trade — and then use their new power to keep pressing for more gains, said Manning, who continued:

This is a unique guy … he’s the kind of guy when he was young in the construction business, he would walk around his construction sites … he’d sit down and talk to the welders and the guys with hammers in their hands and he’d spend time with them and enjoy it. When he thinks about who he is trying to represent, I think it is a guy wearing a hard hat on a construction site.  As [trade] policies are developed, those guys and others around the country who really understand the negative impact of these trade deals on their lives need to stay vocal and engaged and to keep telling the president and their legislators in Congress that this needs to change.

 
 



ARTICLE
One group, which gathered in the park itself, was protesting in support of Coulter — as well as President Donald Trump, and free speech in general. The other group, which gathered outside Berkeley High School across the street, was protesting against Trump and “fascism.”
Police kept the two groups separated as they shouted at each other across Allston Way.
“Illegal aliens have no rights! They’re not citizens,” shouted one of the pro-Coulter demonstrators. He was met with chants of “No ban, no wall, sanctuary for all!” and “Nazi scum!”
Coulter canceled her speech Wednesday, after the sponsoring groups — Young America’s Foundation, the Berkeley College Republicans, and BridgeUSA — withdrew their support. They did so after the university refused to provide security or facilities for the date and time chosen for Coulter to appear. UC Berkeley proposed alternate dates and times — when students and activists would be less likely to be present — and Coulter refused, citing free speech principles.
Activists from the militant left-wing group By Any Means Necessary (BAMN) celebrated Coulter’s cancellation, according to the Daily Californian, UC Berkeley’s student newspaper. They were present at the protest Thursday also.

Few of the anti-Coulter protesters would speak to Breitbart News — or to anyone, instead deferring to a spokeswoman with a bullhorn. One man, however, who described himself as a 30-year Berkeley resident, Vietnam veteran, and “anti-fascist activist,” told Breitbart News: “I don’t think hate speech is free speech, and I don’t think universities should debate issues that are already settled — like was slavery wrong; are immigrants terrorists; are Latinos filthy and drug dealers, are women’s pussies to be grabbed; is global warming not real.”
He was holding a poster that declared: “The issue is not free speech. The issue is fascism.”

He added: “This is a fascist government, and will go the way of Hitler.”
On the other side, Jill Maherin of Sacramento was carrying a sign that read, “Free speech for all.” She was wearing a baseball helmet in case of violence, and said she had come to Berkeley “to support [Coulter] anyway.”

A few anti-Coulter protesters found their way around the police cordon and engaged the pro-Coulter demonstrators in debates, which were heated at times, but peaceful.

Several of the pro-Coulter protesters wore helmets, protective gear, and body cameras, which they described as a necessary precaution after anti-Trump protesters attempted violently to disrupt a pro-Trump rally in the city April 15.

Earlier, writer Gavin McInness had appeared among the pro-Coulter speakers, where he delivered the speech that Coulter had prepared for her visit.

Just read @AnnCoulter speech at Berkeley. It went great. Heading back to the airport now.
— Gavin McInnes (@Gavin_McInnes) April 27, 2017
On campus, police lounged in the shade of trees around Sproul Plaza, where Coulter, before canceling, had declared she would speak if the university would not provide another venue. The plaza was the center of protests during the Free Speech Movement of the 1960s.
The university prepared for demonstrations even in Coulter’s absence, but the plaza was virtually empty, as was the sidewalk at Telegraph and Bancroft Avenues, where anti-Coulter protesters had been expected.

Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak 



ARTICLE
Teresa Vatkin, 89, died Saturday at 12:10 a.m alongside her husband, 91-year-old Isaac Vatkin, who died around 12:50 a.m. at Highland Park Hospital in Skokie, the Associated Press reported.
Relatives say the couple were holding hands when Teresa passed away. The couple’s daughter, Clara Gesklin, said her father stopped breathing once their hands separated.
“My father’s chest went flat. I would think no more than 20 minutes. They were both gone,” Gesklin told WGN.
“The moment he felt we removed her hand from his, he was able to say ‘OK, I’m done protecting her. I can go and rest as well,’ ” their son Daniel Vatkin told the Chicago Sun Times. “The ultimate in chivalry — so he could go to heaven and open the door for her.”
Leo Vatkin, the couple’s son, said his father “never wanted to do anything apart” from his wife.
Their “love for each other was so strong they simply could not live without each other,” Gesklin said during a joint funeral held Monday for the couple.



ARTICLE
The order establishes a specific office that will identify barriers preventing the VA from firing employees who are not performing. The office will report directly to VA Secretary David Shulkin in order to speed up that process.
“This executive order makes it clear that we will never ever tolerate substandard care for our great veterans. With the creation of this office, we are sending a strong message: Those that fail our veterans will be held, for the first time, accountable,” Trump said at a press conference.
“At the same time, we will reward and retain the many VA employees that do a fantastic job, of which we have many. And I will tell you, some of the doctors in the VA — I’ve heard it from so many people — they’re the finest in the world; these are great, great people,” he added.
Trump also said whistle-blowers would be protected. The VA was rocked by scandal in 2014 when CNN and other media outlets revealed that VA employees were trying to hide long wait times for first appointments, and that some veterans may have died waiting for care.
“We have to get our vets to those doctors, but we have some of the finest doctors in the world. We have also had some of the most honest employees and some of them expose wrongdoing, and we’ll make sure that they’re protected,” Trump said.
Trump said he was also calling on the Senate to pass legislation to give Shulkin the authority he needs to ensure all VA employees are “held accountable for how they treat veterans.”
American Veterans (AMVETS), a veteran service organization, praised the executive order. AMVETS said in a statement:
AMVETS is fully supportive of POTUS signing an order allowing the formation of an office that will terminate irrelevant VA employees, create a sense of increased accountability, and also protect those who report on changes that need to be made in the organization. This is another step forward in bridging trust between the VA and our veterans.
Trump also pointed to other accomplishments within the administration’s first 100 days.
He said the administration has imposed new standards of accountability and transparency, including a new website that publishes wait time at every VA hospital. He said it has also implemented same-day mental health services at all 168 VA medical centers so veterans in crisis can find help without delay.
He also pointed to his signing of the Veterans Choice Improvement Act:
Very proud of that — so that more veterans can see the doctor of their choice and don’t have to travel long distances or wait forever for V.A. care,” he said. “They were waiting in lines for seven days, eight days, nine days, and two weeks. Some instances were horrible. They were waiting so long. They had a very curable problem and they die before they got to see the doctor. It’s not going to happen any longer.
He said already this year, the CHOICE program has received 42 percent more approvals to see doctors of their choosing.
And he said, “That’s just the very beginning of what we have planned. So much more is coming.”
“Our veterans have secured this nation with their blood, sweat and tears, and we will not let them down. These are our great, great people. We will always stand with those that stood for freedom and who stood for us. They have protected us. They have made it all possible. Now we’re going to protect and take care of them,” he said.



ARTICLE
CNN’s Brian Stelter reported Thursday that financial crime experts from the USPIS, which usually investigates claims including mail fraud and wire fraud, have begun probing the network along with the Justice Department.
The network is under federal investigation over its alleged failure to disclose to shareholders the details of settlement payments made by the network to several women who accused former news chief Roger Ailes of sexual harassment.
An attorney for former Fox News personality Andrea Tantaros — who sued the network and Ailes over sexual harassment claims — told the New York Daily News in February that one of his other clients had received a subpoena to testify before a grand jury related to the federal government’s “ongoing criminal investigation” into the network.
Fox News confirmed at the time it had been communicating with the U.S. Attorney’s office for “months” and would “continue to cooperate on all inquiries with any interested authorities.”
According to CNN, the probe has now extended beyond the investigation into the disclosure of the payouts, and into the network’s general operations and management practices.
The expansion of the federal investigation comes as the network has been buffeted by controversy, including the ousting of longtime top-rated anchor Bill O’Reilly this month. O’ Reilly departed the network after it was reported that he had paid out $13 million to settle five claims of sexual harassment made against him over a 15-year period.
On Thursday, Fox News anchor Sean Hannity warned on Twitter of an “end to the Fox News Channel as we know it” in response to a New York magazine report that suggested network co-president Bill Shine lacks support from FNC’s leadership.
 
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum



ARTICLE
The Center for Politics, founded by UVA’s Robert Kent Gooch Professor of Politics, Larry Sabato, recently sponsored a poll by Glen Bolger’s Public Opinion Strategies conducted between April 17 and 19 of 1,000 voters who admitted to voting for Trump in last year’s election.
The poll featured a long list of questions for participants. The president’s supporters have what the survey called a “jaundiced eye on the media.”
Participants were asked, “When you hear the media being critical of Donald Trump, does their criticism make you question your support for him, or does it reinforce that he’s on the right track in terms of shaking things up in Washington, D.C.?”
A whopping 88 percent said that the media’s attacks on Trump actually reinforce their feeling that he is on the right track. In contrast, a mere 12 percent said that the media’s criticism makes them question their support for the president.
One female Trump supporter told the pollsters that the media is not being a “voice of the people,” while a male voter who said he also voted for Obama in the past said that the media spends too much time “blowing things out of proportion.”
Another female Trump voter who also claimed she voted for Obama told the poll takers that she thinks the media is “creating a lot of the racism that’s out there.”
Meanwhile, the poll also found that a huge number of Trump voters either strongly or somewhat agree that the media is the enemy.
When the pollsters asked, “Do you agree or disagree with Donald Trump’s statement that the press ‘is the enemy of the American people,'” another 88 percent said that they agree with Trump.
The 88 percent was closely split, with 42 percent saying they “strongly agree” with Trump’s heavily used stump speech claim, while 45 percent said they “somewhat agree” with the statement.
Only nine percent said they “somewhat disagree,” while a tiny four percent said they “strongly disagree” with Trump’s accusation, for a total of only 12 percent.
The survey was taken of Trump voters across the nation and also among participants of focus groups held in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Texas. It has a margin of error of plus 3.1 percent.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com



ARTICLE
“Tonight on White House Wife Hunt, Donny makes host P. Ryan give 2 more contestants the ‘Not a 10’ card,” wrote Whedon on Twitter, along with the picture of the meeting that shows two young girls with Ryan.

Tonight on White House Wife Hunt, Donny makes host P. Ryan give 2 more contestants the "Not a 10" card pic.twitter.com/r6pafzUZkN
— Joss Whedon (@joss) April 27, 2017

The original post made by Ryan explained that the photograph captured a meeting between “teens” who “shared some powerful stories with me about their fight against childhood cancer.”

Advocacy is not limited to adults. These Wisconsin teens shared some powerful stories with me about their fight against childhood cancer. pic.twitter.com/VJ0eQDXu7U
— Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) April 27, 2017

The Avengers director and Buffy the Vampire Slayer creator quickly faced criticism for his post, even being accused of sexualizing the young girls in an attempt to attack President Trump.

@joss Joss I love ya. but these are like teen girls you just put down. play fair. insult the adults.  Plus putting down girls is not your thing
— MzSd (@MozzleStead) April 27, 2017


@joss I think you just did. pic.twitter.com/R98JQGoUjP
— Kyle Sammin (@KyleSammin) April 27, 2017


@joss Look, man, I hate Trump, but these are kids and this joke is WAAAAY missing the mark.
— Maureen McEly (@MaureenMean) April 27, 2017

“Those are cancer patients @Joss and some are under age. What is wrong with you?” replied author and activist Mike Cernovich.

Those are cancer patients @joss and some are under age. What is wrong with you? https://t.co/3rFsccp7Tk
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 27, 2017


Teenage cancer survivors! This is sick stuff you see in Hollywood. What else does @joss do? pic.twitter.com/XkVYmr836A
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) April 27, 2017

“As young cancer survivors they look a hell of a lot better than your Nicole Kidman/Ginger Baker mashup,” replied RedState’s Jay Caruso.

.@joss As young cancer survivors they look a hell of a lot better than your Nicole Kidman/Ginger Baker mashup. pic.twitter.com/yeQvWuXL3Z
— Jay Caruso (@JayCaruso) April 27, 2017


@joss Only you could turn a meeting with young cancer survivors into a meme, you despicable human being
— Charlie Nash (@MrNashington) April 27, 2017

As of writing, the post is still on Twitter, and Whedon, who is a vocal left-wing and anti-Trump activist, has yet to make an apology.
Last year, Whedon expressed his partisanship, declaring that “Trump cannot CANNOT be allowed a term in office,” before he also assembled a group of actors from his popular Avengers movies for an anti-Trump campaign advert.
In January, Whedon compared Ivanka Trump to a dog, while in the same month he also announced that he wanted “a rhino to f*ck [Paul Ryan] to death.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.



ARTICLE
“His clearance was last reissued by the Obama administration in 2016 with full knowledge of his activities that occurred in 2015,” Spicer said.
News broke on Thursday that the Defense Intelligence Agency’s inspector general is investigating into whether Flynn was improperly paid by Russia Today, a government entity, for a speech he gave in Russia in 2015 before he joined the administration.
“So the issue is, you know, he was issued a security clearance under the Obama administration in the spring of 2016. The trip and — and transactions that you’re referring to occurred in December of 2015, from what I understand,” Spicer said.
“Obviously, there’s an issue that — that, as you point out, the Department of Defense inspector general’s looking into. We welcome that,” he said.
Reporters at Thursday’s White House press briefing repeatedly questioned Spicer whether the White House was satisfied with its vetting of Flynn before he became the national security adviser.
Spicer said Flynn — a retired three-star Army general who had led the Defense Intelligence Agency — “was a career military officer who maintained a high-level security clearance throughout his career in the military” and that his clearance had been reissued by the Obama administration in 2016 after Flynn’s trip to Russia.
Spicer said that someone with a top security clearance only has to fill out a form known as the SF-86 every five years.
“In between that period, you’re responsible for updating the information that you’ve provided in accordance with the agency that issued that,” he said.
“When General Flynn came into the White House, he had an active security clearance that was issued during the Obama administration with all of the information that’s being discussed that occurred in 2015,” he said.
The press secretary compared the situation to reporters not having to get their backgrounds rechecked for clearance to the White House when a new administration comes in:
When you applied to come here to this briefing room as a member of the press, you applied; you filled out certain forms with the Secret Service to have your background run. When I came in here on January 20th, the people that had been cleared the day before were cleared on the 20th, the 21st and et cetera. We didn’t re-run your background. We trust that when you were cleared the first time, whether if you were cleared on, you know, December 15th or January 20th, that you were still — that your background check still cleared.
Every individual who came into this White House either applied for a security clearance or had one. Everyone in the government goes through the same SF-86 process — every single person. And so why would you re-run a background check on someone who is the head of the Department of Defense Intelligence Agency that had and did maintain a high-level security clearance?
That’s it. It doesn’t — there’s no difference between administrations when you come in from one, they re-run it. You — they — the reason they grant them for five years is that it’s a very extensive background where they check your contacts, your places of residence, your employment. They go out in the field. They do a lot of that work. And then you are required to maintain updates to that clearance. They readjudicate it every five years.
That occurred in this case. And now the Department of Defense inspector general is looking into it.
As to whether President Trump made the right decision to fire Flynn in February, after it came to light he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia when he told Vice President Mike Pence he hadn’t, Spicer said it was the right call.
“I think the president made the right call at the right time, and it’s clearly paid off,” he said.
The House Oversight Committee is looking into whether Flynn misled the government about his speaking engagements and payments from foreign governments before he became national security advisor.
Spicer said he referred the committee to the Defense Department for documents related to Flynn’s security clearance, since they were the issuing agency.
Spicer said requests for copies of his speaking engagements were referred to a speakers’ bureau, and they did have information on foreign contacts before his time at the White House.
“I think we have complied with every document that they’ve looked for,” Spicer said.



ARTICLE
Fifty-three percent of respondents to the CBS News poll said they have an optimistic view of how the conflict is being handled. Nine percent said the fight is going “very well,” and 44 percent responded that the fight is going “somewhat well.”
CBS said the results are the most positive response they have been able to get from Americans about the fight against ISIS since the poll began in 2014.
Forty-three percent, however, say the fight against ISIS is not going well. Twenty-five percent of respondents said it is going “somewhat badly,” while 18 percent responded that it is going “very badly.”
BuzzFeed News reported Wednesday that President Trump has authorized Defense Secretary James Mattis to determine the maximum number of troops to be deployed to a conflict, known as the Force Management Level (FML), in Iraq and Syria.
A defense official who supported the authorization said it would give “more flexibility” to U.S. commanders in the fight against ISIS.
Critics, however, argue the move will reduce transparency over how the Trump administration deploys its armed forces.
CBS News surveyed 1,214 U.S. adults over the phone from April 21 to 24 for the poll. The poll has a three percentage point margin of error.



ARTICLE
Burgon Sealy Jr. sealed himself inside his home in Middletown after he allegedly killed state trooper Cpl. Stephen J. Ballard, 32, outside a Wawa convenience store, the Daily Mail reported.
Sealy managed to keep police at bay throughout the night and through the early hours of Thursday morning. He fired at officers trying to negotiate a surrender while inside his home at around 4 a.m., WTXF reported. No injuries were reported, as police had already evacuated the area.
At 9:17 a.m., Sealy emerged from his home and began shooting at police.
Police fired back, killing Sealy in the process. He was officially pronounced dead at 9:29 a.m.
Ballard was shot several times after he approached a vehicle in the Wawa convenience store parking lot in the Wilmington suburb of Bear just after noon Wednesday.
State police superintendent Col. Nathaniel McQueen said there were two suspicious people inside the vehicle.
One man got out of the car and shot Ballard several times before he fled the scene, and the other was arrested at the scene, McQueen said.
Delaware Gov. John Carney ordered all U.S. and state flags to be flown at half-staff in Ballard’s memory. Ballard’s body was taken to the state medical examiner’s office for an autopsy.
“My heart is with the officer’s family and the officers who have served beside him,” Carney said in a statement.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
“I never minced words in describing exactly what form of cutting was involved, and there are many gradations of severity, and the terrible damage it did, and stayed away from the euphemistic circumcision, but chose to use the less culturally loaded term, genital cutting,” Dugger wrote in response to a reader’s question about the semantics.
Dugger said she made the decision following a trip to Africa in the 1990s.
“There’s a gulf between the Western (and some African) advocates who campaign against the practice and the people who follow the rite, and I felt the language used widened that chasm,” Dugger said.
The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) said that some 200 million girls “alive today” are believed to have suffered the abuse, according to the FAQ portion of its website.
“The term ‘female genital mutilation’ is used by a wide range of women’s health and human rights organizations,” the UN website states. “It establishes a clear distinction from male circumcision. Use of the word “mutilation” also emphasizes the gravity of the act and reinforces that the practice is a violation of women’s and girls’ basic human rights.
“This expression gained support in the late 1970s, and since 1994, it has been used in several United Nations conference documents and has served as a policy and advocacy tool.”
The website text notes that “female genital cutting” was introduced in the late 1990s because of “concern that communities could find the term ‘mutilation,’ demeaning, or that it could imply that parents or practitioners perform this procedure maliciously.”
In recent days three arrests were made in Detroit where two physicians and one physician’s wife are charged with performing the abuse on minor girls.
The three suspects represent the first prosecution in the United States for the practice, which is common primarily in Muslim countries, particularly in Africa.



ARTICLE
Five witnesses, four speaking in favor of the wall’s construction and one against, testified before the Subcommittee.
Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL), framed the issue before the testimony of the witnesses. “A central issue of the President’s 2016 campaign was the promise to build ‘an impenetrable, physical, tall, powerful, beautiful southern border wall,'” he said. DeSantis cited Israel’s successful border wall as a model for our own:
President Trump has identified Israeli border security measures as a potential model for securing the U.S.-Mexico border. The construction of a security fence on the Israel-Sinai Border cut illegal entries from over 16,500 in 2011 to just 43 in 2013 and 12 in 2014 – a 99 percent decrease.
DeSantis also disputed Democrats’ claim that the wall might cost $70 billion, citing the Democrats’ own witness at the hearing, Seth Stodder, an Assistant Secretary in the Obama-DHS, as estimating a cost of only $14 billion in January.
Mark DeSaulnier, a Democratic Member of the National Security Subcommittee, used part of his opening remarks to play a video featuring Republicans like Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who never supported President Trump’s plans for a wall, saying they did not think he could get “Mexico to pay for the wall” as he promised on the campaign trail.
Maria Espinoza, national director of the Remembrance Project, a non-profit representing the victims of illegal immigrant crime and their families, testified that:
Americans will continue to be under assault until the wall is built … While it seemed as though the politicians listened and even publicly gave the families their condolences, congressional leadership, the bodies of both houses, Republican and Democrat, have failed to enact the very measures that would have saved American lives. America has spoken. We want the wall built right away … those who falsely state that a great border wall would not work either don’t know their history or are in denial.”
Agnes Gibbony, one of Espinoza’s “angel mothers” whose son was murdered by an illegal alien, took over to add her own horrific experience with lax border enforcement to the congressional record. Gibbony’s herself is an immigrant, fleeing to America with her parents in the wake of Nikita Khrushchev’s bloody Soviet intervention in her native Hungary in 1956. Her memory of immigration is a far cry from the lawless chaos on the southern border today. “We followed all the rules, the law. We followed all the background investigation … We also had to have character witnesses testify that we had good moral standing and my father was required to have a job contract,” she recalled for the Subcommittee.
Gibbony’s  son, Ronald da Silva, was shot to death by an illegal in 2002. She told the Subcommittee:
The shooter, the murderer, was an illegal alien with a long criminal record who had been previously deported. Immediately after the shooting, he fled to Mexico. His wife was depositing his welfare check at the credit union so he could live on it. He eventually returned to the United States and was sent to prison. He is due to be released in two years and seven months. I am afraid California will fail to notify ICE of his pending release.
Gibbony’s pain, however, will go on longer than Ronald’s killer’s criminal case. “Ronald was my first and my only son,” Gibbony said, “I live a life sentence of pain and suffering, wondering what would Ronald look like. Would he have grey hair at age 44? Would he be married? What would he be doing?”
Gibbony drew a direct link for the Members of Congress present from poor border enforcement to her and many other American’s victimization, pointing out that the true toll of illegal alien crime remains poorly documented:
I will forever miss all the tomorrow and everything that was taken from me, all because of broken open borders … Hundreds of victims, innocent lives. I wonder how many more there are, because our government does not keep statistics on illegal aliens’ crimes.
Wednesday, the Department of Homeland Security announced the creation of the “Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement” office or VOICE in an effort to better track excess crime from illegal border crossing.
Gibbony also called out the culture of giving sympathetic treatment to the illegal alien issue while ignoring people like her, victims of that same unchecked border crossing. “You may say it is inhumane to deport illegal aliens who didn’t care about breaking our laws. How inhumane is it that my son Ronald and thousands of innocent victims’ lives were cut short?” she asked.
Steven A. Camarota, Director of Research for the Center for Immigration Studies, a non-profit dedicated to studying the consequences of immigration, laid out the economic case for the wall. He cited dates from a National Academies of Science paper and estimates of illegal alien educational achievement to reach some striking conclusions. “On balance if you take all the taxes that they’re likely to pay over their lifetime, given their education levels, and the services and costs they create, there’s a net drain on tax payers of about $75,000 per illegal border crosser,” he told the subcommittee.
If the illegal aliens’ descendants here in the United States are included, the net burden rises to $94,000 for each illegal border crosser. “The fiscal cost of illegal immigrants is not due to the fact that they don’t want to work. It’s not even due to the fact that many work off the books. Rather, it reflects their educational attainment,” Camarota noted, “The bottom line is, unskilled immigration, which characterizes most illegal immigrants, is costly to tax payers.”
Camarota told the Subcommittee that the wall stands a good chance of being a net fiscal boon to the United States. “If we were to stop just 9-12% of those crossers in the next decade, it would generate $12-15 billion in savings…in effect, the wall could pay for itself even if it only kept out a small fraction of people expected to come,” he testified.
Agent Brandon Judd, President of the National Border Patrol Council, added his own practical experience on the border to the mix. “As an agent who worked in two of the busiest sectors in the history of the border patrol, I can personally tell you how effective border barriers are,” he told the Subcommittee.
Judd was clear that he does not think it is necessary to build 2,000 miles of wall across the entire border, but that the effect in certain strategic locations could be substantial. “Border security is not cheap, but the cost of doing nothing is much higher,” he stressed.
Judd further testified that the wall is not a “silver bullet” and would have to work in conjunction with other border security measures including staffing up the Border Patrol and cracking down on so-called “sanctuary” cities.
Mr. Stodder, the former Obama administration official opposed to the wall, called it a “massive waste of billions of taxpayer dollars.”
Stodder mocked analyses like Camarota’s, noting that net immigration from Mexico has markedly decreased in recent years, telling the Subcommittee, “The fear that America is somehow being overwhelmed by massive numbers of Mexican economic migrants seeking to cross the Rio Grand to take our jobs … [is an] outdated talking point from the 1990s.”
While disapproving of the wall, Stodder agreed that “our immigration system is indeed in crisis.” But he attributed this to “straining from the flow of Central American asylum seekers.” According to him:
The Wall will not help address the most pressing migration challenge we face, which stems from the crisis in Central America, whereby thousands of Guatemalan, El Salvadoran, and Honduran families (and unaccompanied children) have been fleeing violence, extreme poverty, and environmental crises, and coming to our border to seek asylum here, we need more resources specifically devoted to addressing this challenge … suffice it to say, a wall is not going to help.
Asked by Chairman DeSantis whether the drop in border crossings referenced by Stodder was related to the new “posture” of the Trump administration, Agent Judd replied, “I know it is. When we interview these individuals who are currently crossing the border, they know that the laws are going to be enforced.”
“But I must warn you,” Judd added, “We’re in a ‘honeymoon period.’ We have to continue to enforce the laws, because if we don’t, illegal immigration is going to go back up.”



ARTICLE
“Imports have been flooding into the aluminum industry,” said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross as to why the Commerce Department initiated the investigation. Ross made the comments to reporters on Thursday at the White House.
The Department of Defense uses high purity aluminum in the construction of the F-35, F-18, and C-17 joint strike fighters, Ross highlighted. It is also used in armor plating of military vehicles, combat vessels, and missiles. He added that the percentage of aluminum content used in the next generation of military vehicle armor plating could increase 60 percent.
The problem? “There’s only one American smelter that produces the high purity aluminum needed for these uses.” The company that runs that smelter has been having problems with a trade case. In addition, eight other U.S. smelters have closed or curbed production since 2015. Only two fully operational smelters remain in the U.S. today.
Ross stated:
U.S. imports of aluminum increased by 18 percent in 2016 to 6,020,000 tons while at the same time U.S. production decreased. In 2016 imports took an estimated 55 percent of our entire market. This is the largest U.S. market share for imports ever and is approximately a 40 percent increase form 2012.
China makes up 6.2 percent of the U.S. market share, Russia 12.2 percent, United Arab Emirates 9.1 percent, and Canada is also a large player, according to Ross. The UAE and Canada benefit from very cheap energy.
Ross said the aluminum industry has been seeing a lot of turmoil and distress recently. This coupled with trade complaints being filed led Commerce to open the section 232 investigation on Wednesday.
Ross specifically addressed China’s rocketing aluminum production:
China’s subsidies have created overcapacity which has depressed global prices for aluminum. Over the past 15 years, Chinas primary aluminum production has increased from 11 percent of world’s production back in, 15 years ago in 2002, to now 55 percent. So they quintupled their market share of global aluminum production.
Only 2.4 percent of world capacity now comes from the U.S., said Ross. China’s excess aluminum manufacturing capacity is over eight million tons. That excess capacity alone is 1.5 times U.S. total aluminum consumption in a given year.
U.S. production has dipped to 1952 levels, and just under 1/3 of what was produced in 2001. Ross continued, “Ten years ago, U.S. produced approximately 6.7 percent of the world’s aluminum, now, as I mentioned, it’s 2 and a fraction percent.” Actual U.S. production is now a mere 1.4 percent of world production according to the Secretary.
“At the very same time that our military is needing more and more of the very high quality aluminum, we’re producing less and less of everything and only have the one producer of aerospace quality aluminum,” said Ross, citing this as part of the reason for the new investigation.
Ross said that in a time of peace the U.S. military currently has enough aluminum to meet their needs; however, he said the question is, “What happens if have to mobilize, if we have to get into a different environment?”
The U.S. has recently taken military action in Syria and against ISIS in Afghanistan. The grave threat of North Korea’s ballistic missile, nuclear, and ICBM programs have also brought the threat of potential increased military action to the forefront.
The investigation must be completed within 270 days, but Ross said he hopes it will take much less time.
Questions addressed in the course of the investigation will include, as listed by Ross: What’s the domestic production needed for projected national defense requirements; what is the domestic industry’s capacity to meet those requirements; the related human and material resources, the importation of goods in terms of their quantities and use; the close relation of national economic welfare to U.S. national security; the loss of skills or investment, substantial unemployment, and decrease in government revenue and the impact of foreign competition on the domestic industry and the impact of displacement of any domestic products by excessive import.
Upon conclusion of the investigation Ross will present the President with a recommendation and, as Ross put it, “He’ll either accept it or he will not.”
President Trump signed a memorandum Thursday afternoon on Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security. During the signing he said of Ross, “He is quickly demonstrating to the entire world that we’re serious about protecting our jobs and industries like aluminum.”
He said he would like to see the U.S. aluminum industry “where it was or even beyond if that’s possible,” adding that the industry has been “severely damaged by unfair foreign trade. Cheap subsidized foreign exports have flooded into the market, destroying thousands of great American jobs.”
The President said it would be “absolutely insane” to use foreign producers for U.S. military aluminum needs.
Last week President Trump also signed an executive order on steel and that industry’s potential national security threat implications. The steel industry similarly faces global excess capacity.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump is scheduled to visit Israel on May 22 – his first visit to the Jewish State as commander-in-chief. DeSantis suggested it is likely that Trump will officially announce the relocation of the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem during that trip.
“That is going to be the time where people in Israel are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the liberation of Israel.” DeSantis said, “I don’t think that is an accident. I traveled to Israel in March to look at sites where we could relocate the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem; sites we have interest in.”
He added, Trump “promised he was going to do it. And this is a guy who is very interested in keeping his promises. So we are assuming that that is going to happen. What better time would there be to announce the relocation of the embassy than when you’re over there, as President, celebrating alongside our Israeli friends this very important 50th anniversary. And so, I think the announcement of that trip is a signal that it is more likely to happen than not.”
Daniel Pipes, who founded the Middle East Forum in 1990, explained that Israelis must embrace and approach victory. He said that Israeli victory will ultimately liberate Palestinians because it will help them come to terms with the fact that they must live alongside Israelis.
“When the Jews of Hebron have no more worries about their security than the Arabs of Nazareth, then we know the war is done,” Pipes said. “When the war is over, then negotiations can begin. Until then, there should be no negotiations.”
“The result will be beneficial for both Israel (which will no longer face a rejectionist enemy) and the Palestinians (who can start to build their own polity, economy, society, and culture),” the MEF wrote in a press release ahead of the event.
Pipes explained his inspiration to launch the Israel Victory Project in an interview with Breitbart News:
In about 1999, I saw that the negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians were counterproductive and began to create an alternative. At first, I called it a policy of toughness, a policy of deterrence, and it took about five or six years before I came up with the idea of victory. And I wrote a major piece, bringing it all together in 2009, but no one paid attention to it. Timing is important.
And then, about half a year ago, noting that Trump had won, it looked like there was an openness to new ideas and noting that Netanyahu had been reading a book about victory, and noting that the Sunni Arab states are more concerned with Iran than Israel, I thought, ‘maybe the time has come now.’ So I published a big article in January 2017 which was really the launch for this. And Gregg Roman, the director of the Middle East Forum, has been the one to operationalize it; take an idea and turn it into a campaign. And that’s what today’s launch of the Congressional Israel Victory Caucus is about.
We’re going to have a number of events. We are going to have more and more members of Congress. I see this as the first half of getting the U.S. government and perhaps other governments to say, ‘Israel, do what you need to do to win.’ The second half will be getting the Israelis to take advantage of that freedom of action to actually win. Getting the groundwork in place so the Israelis say, ‘Yes, let’s take the steps that are necessary.’
Gregg Roman, MEF’s director, also announced the upcoming launch of a sister caucus in Israel’s Knesset on July 9 and 10 during Thursday’s hearing. Roman said the project will premiere in Jerusalem at the Menachem Begin Center on July 9 and then in the Knesset the next day.
During the hearing, DeSantis pointed to the “unassailable fact that Israel has the right to exist as a Jewish state. She’s here to stay and the sooner that all parties in the Middle East accept this, the sooner the region will see peace.” He added, “Israel is not the problem in the Middle East. Israel is the solution in the Middle East. From a dedication to democratic values to an economy built on innovation, Israel represents a diamond in the rough that is, unfortunately, a very troubled region in the world; the modern Middle East.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.





ARTICLE
The arrests of Dr. Nagarwala and two others last week represent the first federal female genital mutilation (FGM) investigation in United States history. FGM is common in the Islamic world, particularly in Africa. According to UNICEF, 98 percent of Somali girls and 87 percent of Egyptians have endured the procedure. FGM involves removing varying amounts of the victim’s — usually a pre-pubescent girl — clitoris, labia majoria, and labia minora. In its most extreme form, the victim is “infibulated,” having virtually all her external genitalia removed and being sewn up, leaving her with only a tiny hole from which to urinate and menstruate.
Nagarwala’s attorney, Shannon Smith, claimed in her initial court hearing that no cutting of the seven-year-old alleged victims took place and that excess skin was simply scraped off to be buried in a religious ceremony. The Free Press, however, reports that documents they reviewed show the injuries to the two Minnesota girls’ genitals were “much more severe” than Nagarwala is claiming.
Previously unheard of in the United States, the criminal complaints against the three suspects in this Michigan-based conspiracy to commit FGM — Nagarwala, Dr. Fakhruddin Attar, and his wife, Farida Attar — describe them as members of a “particular religious and cultural community.” That community has since been revealed as the Dawoodi Bohra Muslim sect, a branch of Shi’ite Islam popular in India, Pakistan, and East Africa. The worldwide leader of that sect, Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, has repeatedly called for the tradition of FGM to continue, describing it, according to a State Department report, as an “act of religious purity” and “a religious obligation for all women and girls.”
According to the complaints, the alleged victims in this case were brought by their parents, in what was described to them as a “special girls trip,” all the way from Minnesota to Dr. Attar’s Burhani Medical Center in Livonia, Michigan. The girls, who are not related, were allegedly told the cutting was needed to “get the germs out” and that they were not to tell anyone about what happened to them.
One of the victims told the FBI she screamed in pain as Dr. Nargawala operated between her legs and that she was barely able to walk as she left the clinic. According to the complaint, doctors working with the FBI found that both seven-year-olds’ genitals were “abnormal looking” with “scar tissue” and “small healing lacerations.”
Authorities believe many more than these two girls have been mutilated by this suburban Detroit FGM operation. Evidence suggests girls have been brought to Michigan from around the Midwest to undergo the gruesome operation since at least 2005. According to the complaint, several Michigan girls have complained to authorities that they were mutilated by Dr. Nargawala in Dr. Attar’s clinic. Authorities believe Nargawala came to the Burhani clinic on weekends to perform FGM separately from her weekday job as an emergency room doctor at Detriot’s Henry Ford Hospital. In her interview with the FBI, Farida Attar, the clinic owner’s wife, claimed Nargawala came to their clinic to see six to nine girls a year.
The defendants will face up to five years in federal prison for each count of FGM in this first case, in a wider push to eradicate the barbaric Islamic practice from America.



ARTICLE
“It has been a bad week for U.S.-Canada trade relations,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday:
Last Monday, it became apparent that Canada intends to effectively cut off the last dairy products being exported from the United States. Today, in a different matter, the Department of Commerce determined a need to impose countervailing duties of roughly one billion dollars on Canadian softwood lumber exports to us. This is not our idea of a properly functioning Free Trade Agreement.
On Thursday Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-NY) and a group of 70 bipartisan House members sent a letter to the president urging him to hold Canada accountable for its current trade commitments to the U.S., especially the dairy industry.
“Until recently, Canada used a five-class milk pricing system. However, in April, Canada revised its milk classification system, which has led to changes in the dairy market that have disproportionately hurt our farmers,” a press release announcing the letter said.
“Unfair trade deals have disadvantaged American workers for far too long,” Tenney said, noting the dairy farms in upstate New York have been especially hard hit. “It’s time that we hold our trading partners accountable for their actions, especially in this case where the consequences equal lost jobs and closed farms.
“When given an even playing field, our famers can produce and sell the highest quality dairy in the world,” Tenney said. “I urge the administration to defend our dairy farmers and hold Canada accountable.”
Tenney also applauded President Trump’s Executive Order signed earlier this week, directing the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture to conduct a review to identify and eliminate unnecessary regulations that have put undue burdens on farmers and rural communities.
Former American Farm Bureau President Bob Stallman told Berns News Bureau that NAFTA renegotiations may have already started and that the U.S. should be “forceful” and “strong” in any reworking of the trade deal.



ARTICLE

"Grandmothers for Reproductive Rights" is the advocacy group you need to know about right now: https://t.co/AxPT8vvJDq pic.twitter.com/d9AYsmSghw
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 26, 2017

“Grandmas for Reproductive Rights” (GRR) engages in letter-writing to legislators and joins rallies at statehouses to protect abortion-on-demand.
“There is something about grandmothers doing this, working with this and caring, because it’s not for us at this point,” said the group’s founder, Judy Kahrl, according to CBS affiliate WGME. “It is for our daughters, our sons, our grandsons, our granddaughters.”
Kahrl, 81, said she and other women of her generation, who view abortion as women’s health care, recall the days before Roe v. Wade, when abortion was illegal.
“I think women are waking up to how threatened this kind of care is,” she said. “Every legislative session there’s a bill submitted to restrict women’s access.”
LifeNews.com notes a report in the Bangor Daily News explaining that Kahrl’s father, Clarence Gamble, maintained a longstanding association during the 1930s with eugenicist Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood. His work with Sanger reportedly led to the establishment of clinics and research projects.
Kahrl is also the great-granddaughter of James Gamble, the co-founder of Procter & Gamble.
“I grew up with all this talk and activity,” Kahrl said. “It was known in our family as ‘Daddy’s Great Cause.’ … He was very concerned about population explosion in the poorest countries of the world and wanted people to know they could do something about it.”
Kahrl says that measures such as parental consent laws that require young girls to obtain their parents’ permission prior to abortion and those requiring abortion clinics to maintain the same health and safety standards as other outpatient clinics – all are medically unnecessary and threaten women’s abortion rights.
“Whenever any subordinate group gains power, the dominant group pushes back,” she said. “We see this backlash happening now against the black community, and we see it happening against women.”
Kahrl said GRR’s mailing list is growing, and she is hoping to start additional chapters in other states.
“I had a totally different picture of what my years would be at this point, but I just have to do this and I think the others feel the same way,” she said.



ARTICLE
During a meeting of Native American tribal leaders, the Tohono O’odham Nation’s Vice Chairman Verlon Jose threatened protests similar to those known as ‘Standing Rock,’ where environmentalists protested the Dakota Access Pipeline, if Trump’s wall is built, according to AZ Central:
Before the day was over and the guests left the remote desert mission on tribal lands, Jose would bash Trump’s proposed wall, calling it a waste of taxpayer dollars and comparing it to the Berlin Wall. He would call on people to see the barrier as an international human-rights issue, offer an alternative plan for tightening border security, and acknowledge that innocent tribal members are subjected to increased vehicle searches by Border Patrol agents.
He also warned of a mass protest on the border if diplomacy fails to keep the U.S. government off Tohono O’odham land, a protest that he said would rival Standing Rock.
Jose is threatening the protests because his tribe sits on more than 2 million acres across a southern Arizona desert that crosses through Mexico, across the U.S.-Mexico Border.
Besides gathering to threaten a protest against the construction of the border wall, the meeting of tribal leaders also included a chant demanding a “sanctuary for all.”
“They chanted a message printed on T-shirts for the trek: No Deportations, No Ban, No Wall, Sanctuary for All,” the AZ Central noted.
Despite hang-ups between the Trump Administration and Congress, DHS Secretary John Kelly said the construction of the border wall would “move forward,” Breitbart Texas reported.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
This article has been updated to reflect block-quoted text formatting that was not immediately visible at the time of publication. 



ARTICLE
The pace of shootings shows Chicago is on track to have another year of nearly 4,400 shooting victims, which is the number of victims the city witnessed last year.
According to the Chicago Tribune, the violence on April 25 was so bad that “two people were killed and five others were wounded over a single hour.” That hour was indicative of the kind of violence that has been erupting in Chicago throughout 2017.
Breitbart News reported that 29 people were shot, one fatally, during 18 hours that began at 2:30 a.m. on April 15. The Tribune reported that some of the victims of those 18 hours were as young as 14.
On March 31, Breitbart News reported that two sons were shot to death in front of their mother. Raheem Jackson, 19, and 20-year-old Dillon Jackson had gone to the restaurant where their mother worked to say hello to her and to eat. They were killed just outside the restaurant as their mother looked at them through a window.
The Tribune quoted the sons’ mother saying, “I can’t go on, my life is over. I’m about to goddamn kill myself. I was standing right here in the window, they killed ’em right in front of me.”
Breitbart News reported on April 25 that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) responded to the incessant gun violence by calling for additional gun control. He wants that gun control in the form of new regulations for Federal Firearm License holders (FFLs) in Chicago. Thus, as criminal gun use surges, Emanuel’s response is to go after the gun dealers who have gone through the proper legal channels to get an FFL and who, because of that FFL, conduct a background check on every gun they sell.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
 



ARTICLE
Stepping into leadership at a DOJ managed for eight years by Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, Sessions has had an uphill battle to implement the key tenets of law and order that so many Americans have long craved and which President Donald Trump promised as a candidate: an end of the lawless hypocrisy on the southern border and in the internal enforcement of our immigration laws, especially in state a jurisdictions that openly flaunt federal law and proclaim themselves “sanctuaries;” a firm commitment to get a handle on rising violent crime, especially in our most dangerous inner cities; and steadfast support of our law enforcement officers at a time when they face danger and disparagement from inside the government and without.
Attorney General Sessions was confirmed by the Senate on February 9, 2017, three weeks into the new administration. One of the very first national politicians to endorse candidate Trump, he was the fifth cabinet member to take his seat, but not before a smooth yet contentious confirmation process yielded one of the most awkwardly worded and forced political slogans of recent memory.
“Nevertheless, she persisted,” the much-touted line goes, a reference to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s (R-KY) explanation of his use of Senate rules to prevent Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) reading a 30-year old letter from Coretta Scott King to imply racist motives to then Senator Sessions. The use was later criticized by Ms. King’s niece.
The fireworks on the Senate floor were quickly followed up in the White House. On his first day as Attorney General, Sessions stood by President Trump’s side as he signed no fewer than four executive orders pertaining to the Justice Department.
Without doubt, cracking down on illegal aliens and the resultant lawlessness on the border and in our immigration system has been the greatest focus of Sessions’ attentions in his tenure at DOJ. Merely the signal of will from the new administration has already brought extraordinary results. March of 2017 saw the lowest number of illegals caught on the border in 17 years, a 72 percent reduction in apprehensions from the last month of the Obama administration.
Rhetoric was repeatedly backed up with action on the Attorney General’s part. In early March, the DOJ shifted 50 immigration judges to detention center along the border and in illegal alien heavy cities. The were set to work in twelve-hour shifts to help clear the massive backlog of deportation cases. This proved to be merely a prelude to much more substantial reform.
On the morning of April 11, 2017, the Attorney General toured the southern border with officers of U.S Customs and Border Protection. Addressing them and the nation, he proclaimed, “For those that continue to seek improper and illegal entry into this country, be forewarned: This is a new era. This is the Trump era.”
“The catch and release practices of old are over,” Sessions continued, announced that 125 additional immigration judges would be hired on expedited basis. They would be needed because from this point on all adults apprehended at the border were to be detained by federal authorities.
A new set of guidelines was sent to every federal prosecutor in the country. Those who illegally enter the United States a second time will now face felony prosecution as a matter of course, as well those who illegal enter after having been deported, and transporting or harboring three or more illegal aliens. Charges of aggravated identity theft are to be levied on those caught with fraudulent documentation.
These measures are designed to work in tandem with a similar ramping up at the Department of Homeland Security, where 10,000 additional ICE officers have been authorized and are in the process of being hired. Attorney General Sessions made a point of making joint appearances with DHS Secretary John Kelley, presenting a united front to bring order to the border. The two cabinet officials noted increased arrests, more deportations of criminals, and other operations contributing to the apparent decrease in illegal border crossings.
While President Trump has, so far, not seen it fit to reverse Obama’s Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals executive order, granting amnesty to those who came illegal as children and register with the federal government, the Attorney General has made it clear that the law remains the law. Asked by Fox News in April about the deportation of certain so-called DREAMer (after the never enacted DREAM act), Sessions was unequivocal, “The policy is that if people are here unlawfully, they’re subject to being deported. Our priority is clear. Our priority is to end the lawlessness at the border.”
From the very beginning of his tenure, Attorney General Sessions has tried to bring jurisdictions who refuse to cooperate with federal immigration enforcement back to legal normality, even if it means cutting their federal funds to convince them to do so. Sessions has done this in the face of steadfast refusal to cooperate by some of nation’s most powerful local leaders. For example, Chicago, under the leadership of Mayor Rahm Emmanuel, went so far as to issue a new type of identification available to illegal alien without the city keeping records in response to fears the administration might be able to force the “sanctuary” to give up information on immigration status. Sessions made a point of calling out a California prosecutor who appears to, as a matter of policy, be reducing charges to avoid triggering “violent felon” deportation requirements.
The most troubling resistance, however, came this final week of the first 100 days, as a federal court in San Francisco blocked enforcement of President Trump’s executive order commanding Sessions to cut off federal funds from recalcitrant jurisdictions. At the moment, as the administration has released no comprehensive plan as to what funds are subject to suspension, it is unclear what effect this temporary order will have. It will, however, prevent the use of that executive order’s authority while a lawsuit from a number of California sanctuary jurisdictions makes its way through the courts.
Sessions has not taken this tactic to continue flaunting federal immigration law lightly. In a statement Wednesday, the Attorney General was very clear as to how he saw the lawsuit:
At the heart of this immigration debate is disagreement over whether illegally entering this country is a crime.  Our duly enacted laws answer that question.
Nevertheless, actions that have always been understood to be squarely within the powers of the President, regardless of the Administration, have now been enjoined.  The Department of Justice cannot accept such a result, and as the President has made clear, we will continue to litigate this case to vindicate the rule of law.
Separate from the wider pledge to cut the flow of federal funds to sanctuary jurisdictions, Sessions has used his independent authority to bring pressure to bear. After weeks of threatening action, the Department of Justice sent letters to nine of the states and cities who most vigorously stifle immigration enforcement, demanding they show compliance by June 30 or forfeit their DOJ Bryne Grants for law enforcement. As these grants already have requirements to follow federal law attached to them, these letters may be unaffected by the ongoing court fracas over President Trump’s executive order.
The mayhem of our inner cities in the waning years of the Obama administration was no less troubling than the chaos on the border. On the day Sessions took office, an executive order established a task force for tackling the violent crime increase seen in certain cities. Sessions has spoken on numerous occasions on his support for a return to “broken windows” policing and taking local law enforcement’s side in their effort to wrestle their crime rates back down to the historic lows seen only a few years ago.
Some of the violence is fueled by what the justice department calls “transnational criminal organizations,” brutal gangs like MS-13 and wide-reaching networks like the Mexican drug cartels. At a meeting of the Attorney General’s Organized Crime Council, Sessions made clear his department would have “zero tolerence” for gang violence as it brings an executive order targeting these organizations for deportation and dismantling into reality.
On several occasions, Sessions has highlighted his continued support for the type of rigorous policing that came under intense fire in the last administration.
To many Americans, the Holder-Lynch DOJ’s failure to keep crime in check and the border under control was compounded by the perceived failure to adequately support law enforcement officers and their in this trying time. Black Lives Matter and other left-wing groups brought anti-police rhetoric to the forefront of the public discourse and politicized violence against the police made headlines throughout 2014, 2015 and 2016. The Justice Department responded by launching investigations into police brutality, bias, and misconduct, making it anything but clear that American law enforcement had their unequivocal support.
Spearheaded by Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta’s Civil Rights Division, the Obama administration responded to riots in Ferguson, Missouri, and Baltimore, Maryland by launching federal investigations into those cities’, and others like murder-capital Chicago’s, police departments. The results were predictable. A “Ferguson Effect,” where officers were reluctant to make the routine stops necessary to keep crime under control for fear of being sanctioned for misconduct contributed to a shocking rise in violent crime in the very communities supposedly protected by federal oversight of police. Initially dismissed as a right-wing conspiracy theory, the Ferguson Effect has since been supported by a survey of police officers and by a National Institute of Justice study funded by the Obama DOJ.
When Attorney General Sessions took the reigns at DOJ, there was an immediate shift in tone. “Please know that you have the full support of our Department,” Sessisons told a meeting of police chiefs in April. He went on to call out the former administration’s treatment of police:
In recent years, as you know, law enforcement as a whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the crimes and unacceptable deeds of a few bad actors. Amid this intense criticism, morale has gone down, while the number of officers killed in the line of duty has gone up.
Attorney General Sessions has done what is in his power to try and reverse the damage done to Law Enforcement relations. He ordered a complete review of all Obama-era investigations into local law enforcement. He has even sought to scale back the consent decree reached to install federal monitoring of Baltimore’s Police Department in the waning days of the Obama administration. When the federal judge in the case refused to reopen the issue, Sessions issued a public statement criticizing the whole endeavor, saying, “There are clear departures from many proven principles of good policing that we fear will result in more crime.”
Wednesday saw the first of Attorney General Sessions’ Senate-confirmed subordinates take office: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Over the coming weeks, it is expected that serious progress will be made on nominating and confirming permanent occupants for the dozens of political positions at the Department of Justice, including the over 90 U.S. Attorneys who lead federal criminal prosecutions. The key victories of the first 100 days were accomplished by the Attorney General without any of them in place. As his team assembles around him, Attorney General Sessions looks to be better able to direct the legal policy of the United States government to restore his vision of law and order.



ARTICLE
“Why aren’t the first 100 days a measuring stick for Congress and the Democrats?” Levin said. “Can anyone name one piece of positive bipartisan legislation that Nancy Pelosi and Schumer have put forth?”
As to Trump’s first 100 days in office, Levin said he has made some positive moves, despite little assistance from Republican leadership.
“The one area where Trump has succeeded, is in unravelling the executive orders of Obama,” Levin said. ”He is using the same power Obama did to undo what Obama did.”
“However, the president is having a tough time with the Republican Congress,” Levin said. “There is no excuse for what Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are doing or not doing.”
And, Levin said, this is no time for crossing the aisle to work with Democrats.
“It is time to roll Chuck Schumer and the Democrats,” Levin said. The ‘Art of the Deal’ should be the ‘Art of Victory,’” Levin said.
CNN reported on the history of the 100 day measurement, which dates back to a president who took over a desperate nation and, thus, a compliant Congress. According to that report:
The first 100 days of a two-term presidency amount to about 3% of an eight-year span, but for decades the opening stretch of an administration has become the barometer of a commander in chief’s governing power, or lack thereof.
The measurement began after Franklin Delano Roosevelt entered office amid the tumult of the Great Depression reported. With banks caving in and jobs vanishing, FDR set to work passing laws and establishing new government bureaus to curb the economic suffering.
He swore in his entire Cabinet at once, signed 76 bills into law, and began rolling out the New Deal in his first 100 days in office — a frenzy of activity that, ever since, all presidents have been matched against.
Every president since FDR has had to deal with the 100-day trial, including John F. Kennedy, who used it to his benefit.
“All this will not be finished in the first 100 days. Nor will it be finished in the first 1,000 days, nor in the life of this administration, nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet,” Kennedy said. “But let us begin!”



ARTICLE
The ‘100 statues’ protest saw a small crowd of people dressed as the Statue of Liberty chanting slogans such as “no ban”, “no wall” and “refugees welcome”.
The group has been critical of President Trump’s temporary travel ban, and his decision to build a wall along the border with Mexico.
Kate Allen, Amnesty International UK’s Director, told Pakistanti outlet Geo News: “In the space of just 100 days, President Trump has done untold damage to the USA’s already less-than-perfect reputation for upholding human rights.
“If the Statue of Liberty stands for anything, it stands for willingness to shelter people uprooted through war and intolerance.
“It’s a crying shame that President Trump’s administration cares so little for what the Statue of Liberty represents.”



ARTICLE
This isn’t, of course, what he promised on the campaign trail.
In May last year in North Dakota he was quite explicit:

We’re going to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and stop all payments of U.S. tax dollars to UN global warming programs.

What he probably wasn’t banking on, though, when he made that commitment was that it wouldn’t just be the liberals and greenies he’d be battling – but also a significant chunk of his own administration.
Though his EPA chief Scott Pruitt and his advisor Steve Bannon were all for pulling out, everyone else in his inner circle – not just the inevitable Jared Kushner and Ivanka, but also Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and even Energy Secretary Rick Perry – were keen to stay in.
The compromise – declare the agreement a treaty then send it to the senate to be killed – was in the event, probably the best skeptics could have hoped for.
It’s not ideal: the UN climate agreement is anti-capitalist, un-American and based on the flimsiest of science. Nixing it straight would have been the equivalent of that MOAB attack on ISIS in Afghanistan: a demonstration of strength, commitment and clarity of purpose.
On the other hand, it was devised by some people on the right side of the argument – members of Trump’s not-remotely-tofu-eating EPA transition team. According to the Washington Times:
At an initial meeting of top staffers Tuesday, several memos and letters that were circulated laid out the options, including the treaty proposal put forth by Christopher C. Horner and Marlo Lewis Jr., senior fellows at the Competitive Enterprise Institute.
Under their vision, Mr. Trump could toss out Mr. Obama’s decision that the Paris accord was an executive agreement, declare it a treaty and send it to the Senate, where it would need a two-thirds vote for ratification.
If this is the kind of manoeuver that is necessary to frustrate the various greenie-corporatist-Democrat factions in the White House, then so be it.
The important thing is that, one way or another, the Paris climate agreement – or “treaty” as we must now learn to call it – is, as far as the U.S. is concerned, a dead duck.



ARTICLE
“I’m extremely pleased, of course, that our new president is in there building the team that he believes he needs in order to fulfill promises to the American electorate, to make America great again, and I’m very, very happy that he’s there,” said Palin.
LISTEN:

She said she found the idea of giving a simplistic letter grade to the Trump administration annoying, preferring to say President Trump is doing “very well.”
“Remember, those of you who maybe still aren’t aboard the Trump Train but know that the Trump movement had to be ushered in, in order to get rid of the status quo that was harming America, keep doing your ABCs and remember what that was: it was Anybody but Clinton,” she said. “So stick with your little alphabet analogy there. Those who are asking for a grade of this administration, just keep remembering it could have been Clinton.”
Palin applauded Marlow’s point that arguing over the fine points of Trump’s policy, and even dealing with some disappointments, should be vastly preferable for conservatives over fighting for their political lives – and even basic constitutional freedoms, like free speech – under a Clinton presidency. She suggested imagining what sort of Supreme Court justice would currently be taking the late Antonin Scalia’s place under President Hillary Clinton.
Marlow noted that Palin has been “quite critical in recent days” of President Trump’s pick for Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos.
“She said, ‘Common Core now doesn’t exist’ or something, and you went buck wild on her,” Marlow recalled.
“I sure did!” Palin cheerfully agreed. “She said that, in fact, Common Core hasn’t really existed for the past couple of years. I would ask, do these politicians, do these elitist bureaucrats, do they even send their children or grandchildren, are they in public schools? When our kids and our grandkids come home and we sit down with them each night, still to this day, and we work with them on their homework, the Common Core curriculum is alive and not well in the classroom.” 
“If the leader now of the education sector of our country would deny that Common Core is in existence, she needs to try to tell that to our really, really great public school teachers, who still have to explain and kind of apologize to the public school parents – I’m one of them – as to why the curriculum is as confusing and burdensome and less freeing for our teachers, who know what our students need best, as do the parents. Good schoolteachers still have to explain to us that under Common Core, these requirements are quite burdensome and nonsensical,” she said.
She accused DeVos of being “really out of touch” for denying all of this was happening. 
Palin followed up with some of the highlights of Trump’s first hundred days, beginning with the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
“I’m extremely thankful – we all should be – that he’s in there now,” she said.
She also praised Trump’s commitment to change President Barack Obama’s “lead from behind” foreign policy, “which made the world a less safe place to be.”
“Trump quashed that. He said no more leading from behind. America is that ‘beacon of hope.’ We are a country … of just this perfect storm, if you will, with the natural resources to be developed, with the manpower, and with the intellect, and with the patriotism, the unity that a country needs in order to be so successful, to be great and to be a leader that other countries would wish to emulate. America has all that, and we can put it into play for the greater good of the world by leading, and not leading from behind, which is kind of Orwellian-speak,” said Palin. 
“Leading again on the global stage and the Supreme Court pick, those are two specifics – but Alex, we need to make sure to remind our friends, our supporters, people who are really tuned in to what’s going on today and get frustrated under any administration. Maybe they’re frustrated with what Trump does, some of the wrinkles that are certainly part of the agenda that we’ve witnessed,” she suggested. 
“We can never put our faith and our hope in man, in any one man, certainly not a politician,” Palin counseled. “Man is fallible. We’re going to be disappointed if we put all of our hope and faith in one man – a politician, a government that cannot make us happy, healthy, wealthy, and wise. We need to look at the bigger picture here, as you suggested in your opening.”
Another highlight of the first hundred days for Palin was the “quote-unquote massive tax cut proposals that will come from the White House.”
“I’m extremely happy about that. That’s another promise fulfilled,” she said. “We know that to allow us to be solvent and sovereign, we need to see jobs created. The way that jobs are going to be created and people will be productive again in this country is for tax cuts that will really benefit the middle class, especially the working class. More jobs will be created with tax cuts, so I’m excited about that coming down the pike.”
“We have to cut taxes,” she stressed. “Look at that corporate tax rate we have that is, what, second highest in the developed world? Our corporate tax rate certainly is one of the job creation prohibiters that we’re suffering under. So that has to be done, and certainly people with our income taxes, we realize it’s taxation without representation. The government is taking from us the fruits of our labor, and we’re not receiving the services in return that are on par with the amount that they’re taking from us. It’s a given: taxes must be cut in this country, and I would think that everybody knows that.”
“But as for it then contributing to an accumulation of debt – you’re right: it’s semantics, and it’s bogus,” Palin said to Marlow’s point that the left controls the language of tax reform and treats tax cuts as an expensive indulgence that must be “paid for” somehow. 
“It doesn’t have to result in accumulation of debt,” she argued. “We can’t just hand that over to those in government who hold the purse strings and keep spending more and more money that we do not have. We need to ratchet down the size of government. This government overreach in every area of our life that’s getting more and more expensive, we can’t just swallow that and say, ‘Oh, well, that’s just the way it is, and wow, we’re going to have to take more money from the people in order to pay for growing government.’”
“It always killed me when I was a city council member, I was a mayor, I was a city manager, I was a governor, and I would watch every 12 months when the government’s budget was due. I’d either help craft it, or it would come across my desk. I would always ask the bureaucrats and the politicians creating these budgets, ‘What’s going on here? Just because 365 days have passed, you just automatically inherently believe that the budget amount has to increase? Why? Are people getting more for the money that you’re taking from them? Has the population grown that much?’” she recalled.
“In each level of government, it’s just so inherent that oh, you know, government grows; that’s just the way it is. It doesn’t have to,” Palin contended.
Marlow asked Palin about the “war on free speech” conducted by masked thugs at universities, prominently including Berkeley, where he was once a student.
“Well, first, it blows me away that you’re from Berkeley. Talk about not drinking the Kool-Aid!” Palin said with a laugh.
“These Berkeley students, bless their hearts, they’re hypocrites on steroids,” she said on a more serious note. “It is amazing to me and anybody else with just an ounce of common sense in their veins to ever be able to believe that those who preach tolerance and diversity, and we’re gonna embrace diversity – but Heaven forbid you say something that might hurt our little snowflakey feelings. You know, we’ll melt there down in Berkeley if you say something that we can’t agree with!”
“In the end, they’re the most intolerant people if they are going to protest someone who is a bastion of free speech. Ann Coulter is on their side! When they are spewing the free speech rhetoric, she’s saying, ‘Exactly! And here, let’s exercise it! Let me prove to you, you guys prove with me, that we’re all for free speech!’ And yet, they’re so blinded by their hatred for anybody who does not agree just down the line with them on everything that they will not tolerate Ann Coulter speaking her mind,” said Palin.
Marlow advised President Trump to resist advice about “moderating” his positions to secure the approval of left-wingers who will never stop hating him – something Palin is well positioned to understand, as the target of an unprecedented campaign of left-wing vilification in 2008.
“Amen. Preach it, brother,” Palin agreed. “President Trump needs to realize he can’t win them over. You cannot. He can learn from our mistakes, those of us who have been in that position on a much smaller scale. We have tried to win them over, and it doesn’t work. It bites you in the butt, and it harms those who you have promised to serve.”
“Right on, too, in talking about the big tent,” she said to Marlow’s defense of an ideologically diverse Republican Party. “You know, most of us, we come from big-tent families. Our social circles even, and our communities, they’re big tents, and really, we’re better off for it. Talk about diversity and learning from other people’s perspectives that are shared and all that – that’s all great.” 
“But no, when you are leading an agenda that people have put blood, sweat, and tears forth, to make sure that agenda finally is given an opportunity to be made manifest so that our lives can be made better, you have to surround yourself with people who are obviously going to help the cause and not hurt the cause,” she added.
“You cannot surround yourself, one, with a bunch of yes-men. That certainly harms the cause. You will never grow as a leader. You have to be growing as a leader as your constituents will be growing along with you. So you can’t have a bunch of yes-men. Those of us who have been in business and been in politics certainly recognize that,” said Palin.
“But also, you have to have those who at least will share your vision. Maybe some of the idiosyncrasies, maybe some of the details in how you’re going to get there, you can argue some of the ways to do that, but the vision has got to be the same,” she emphasized. 
“Now, do globalists, do big government professional politicians who are in it for a season, not a reason – they’re in politics for a job, for a career, for the money, for the power – do they share the vision of average, hard-working, patriotic Americans who want government out of our lives so that we can be trusted as individuals to run our businesses the way that we know best and to raise our families the way that is best for our families?” Palin asked.
“Government, faceless bureaucrats, they don’t know how to do that. They keep screwing it up. Well, globalists and big government people, some in office today under Trump, they believe in that garbage of big government knowing best. That is the antithesis of the vision that those on the Trump Train have, and that Trump Train roared through this country so powerfully, so loudly and adamantly, that there was no stopping it. That’s why I wasn’t surprised when Trump won,” she contended. 
“So those who don’t share that vision, who are there, quote-unquote, serving our president and the vision, the mission that he is on, that is shared by the majority of the voters – it’s frustrating to us because we do want to sound that warning bell that you can’t win them over. They’re certainly stuck in their ways, and if they give you lip service that they’re there with you – those are the yes-men that we don’t need around our president,” Palin advised.
In parting, Palin suggested a mission for Marlow: “I wish you would take the opportunity to get down to Berkeley and speak with your alumni. Go down there and talk to the folks down there about what tolerance really is and how healthy diverse opinions really can be. Talk about the Second Amendment. You would be one, Alex – well, they’d probably get really wee-weed up about it – but you could be a great spokesperson for the cause.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
Listen to the full audio of the interview above.



ARTICLE
Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Communications Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, told TechCrunch that those “who want the internet free and open are outraged that they’re undoing these basic protections.”
But critics would say the Internet was free and open before Net Neutrality, which is described as a solution in search of a problem that does not exist. The policy prevents Internet Service Providers (ISPs) from charging users different rates based on the amount of bandwidth they use. The idea was to prevent ISPs from blocking poor, low-paying consumers to service rich, high-paying ones — a problem that almost never arose.
Initially, former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler seemed unreceptive to the idea. But then, in 2015, he forced through the new rules on a party-line vote. To the surprise — and shock — of many Net Neutrality proponents, the FCC decided to regulate the Internet under the provisions of Title II of the Communications Act of 1934, treating it like any other public utility. Moreover, early reports suggested that Net Neutrality had hurt investment in broadband infrastructure, because companies could no longer expect a return on their investment. That, ironically, meant less Internet access.
Schatz said that consumers could not trust ISPs to be fair. “The market will not fix this if you have monopolies and duopolies in terms of people’s practical access to providers. They’ll promise not to, but I’d say all the same why don’t we just enshrine it in a rule?”
In his opposition to Pai’s repeal effort, Schatz is likely to be supported by activists in Silicon Valley, where the Net Neutrality cause is very popular — more for its socialism than for any technological or economic benefit. (Indeed, the CEO of Tumblr famously struggled to explain on CNBC in 2015 what Net Neutrality was and why he supported it.) 800 startups signed a letter to Pai on Wednesday opposing his policy, arguing that they would not survive if big companies were allowed to block them from access to the Internet.



ARTICLE
“We are exploring the possibility of a future visit to Israel as well as other countries,” the official said.
The confirmation came following leaks by Israeli officials in the media about a potential visit, which would mark Trump’s first time in Israel.
Earlier in the day, Channel 2 reported that Trump is scheduled to visit Israel for one night on May 23, coinciding with Jerusalem Day which will mark the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem since the 1967 defensive war. Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely told Army Radio that preparations were well underway for the visit.
“Since Trump entered the White House, we feel that we have a true friend there,” Hotovely said. “When he arrives, we will happily welcome him.”
There has been no word yet as to whether Trump will also visit the Palestinian Authority.
The Channel 2 report added that the White House will send an advance delegation to hold talks with the Foreign Ministry and prepare Trump’s itinerary.
This would mark the first time a U.S. president has visited Israel in the first few months in office. The visit also comes ahead of a June 1 expiration of a congressional mandate to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
According to The Jerusalem Post, a State Department spokesman declined to comment on whether Trump would renew the waiver come June, which has been extended each year since 1995.
No U.S. president has visited Israel in the first months of his term.



ARTICLE
“I decided rather than terminating NAFTA, which would be a pretty big, you know, shock to the system, we will renegotiate,” Trump said.
But Trump signaled he was still open to the idea of killing the agreement, if he couldn’t get a good deal from Mexico and Canada.
“If I’m unable to make a fair deal for the United States, meaning a fair deal for our workers and our companies, I will terminate NAFTA,” he said. “But we’re going to give renegotiation a good, strong shot.”
Trump made his remarks to White House reporters during a visit from Argentinian president Mauricio Macri.
The president shocked Mexico and Canada after news reports revealed Wednesday that the White House had drafted an executive order to terminate NAFTA.
After speaking with President Peña Nieto of Mexico and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, Trump said he was open to negotiations instead. A senior White House aide described Trump’s move as “the art of the deal” and signaled optimism for a speedy renegotiation of NAFTA.
But Trump’s new tone of negotiation on NAFTA might raise skepticism from supporters who shared his anger toward the deal, blaming it for gutting manufacturing jobs in the rust belt states.
“I agreed subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good — deal very possible!” he wrote on Twitter Thursday morning.



ARTICLE
Asked about recent events like the cancellation of Ann Coulter’s speech and the chilling impact on free speech of ongoing leftist protests at UC Berkeley and elsewhere, Sims said, “Free speech is the lynchpin of democracy here in the United States. As I watch personally what is going on out there, it is appalling.”
“It is a sad state of affairs to the legacy of … a campus that has been a beacon – considered itself a beacon of free speech throughout the years. And it is just disheartening to see that in the United States of America today that more and more free speech only applies to speech that you agree with.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
“Two U.S. service members were killed in action and a third was wounded in action on Wednesday evening when they came under attack during a raid against insurgents in Nangarhar Province,” said a statement by the U.S. military in Afghanistan.
The service members were conducting a partnered operation with Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, the statement said.
The Pentagon does not identify service members killed until 24 hours after the next of kin is notified, but Fox News identified them as two U.S. Army soldiers, with one additional soldier “lightly wounded.”
Eighteen ISIS fighters were killed in what was described as a “gunfight,” according to Fox News.
“The fight against [Islamic State in Iraq and Syria – Khorasan] is important for the world, but sadly, it is not without sacrifice,” said General John W. Nicholson, the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
“On behalf of all U.S. Forces and our coalition partners, I offer our deepest sympathies to the families, friends, and fellow service members of our fallen comrades,” he said.
The raid occurred in Achin, the same area where the U.S. military dropped the largest non-nuclear bomb on a complex of tunnels and caves used by ISIS-K just weeks ago.

2 US soldiers killed, one lightly wounded, 18 ISIS fighters killed in gunfight in Achin, same area where US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs,
— Jennifer Griffin (@JenGriffinFNC) April 27, 2017

That bomb, dubbed the “Mother of All Bombs,” killed between 36 to more than 90 ISIS-K members, according to various news reports.
Nicholson used permission given in January 2016 to drop the bomb. That permission loosened restrictions on targeting the ISIS’s nascent presence in Afghanistan.
ISIS-K established itself in Afghanistan in 2015, and has a presence of an estimated 600 to 800 members there, according to officials.
President Trump has vowed to go after terrorists and, under his watch, U.S. airstrikes in Afghanistan have increased 270 percent from January to February, or an increase of 54 strikes to 200, according to Air Force Central Command data.
So far, one U.S. service member had been killed in Afghanistan by hostile fire this year, compared to twelve U.S. deaths from hostile fire last year, according to iCasualties.org.
President Obama had declared the end of the U.S. and NATO combat mission in Afghanistan in 2014, and sought to draw down U.S. troops to an embassy presence by the time he left office in 2017, but changed his mind after the Taliban made a comeback.
The administration is conducting a review of its strategy for the Afghanistan War, which Nicholson had declared a “stalemate” earlier this year.



ARTICLE
According to reports, several young Somali girls were brought from Minnesota, one of twenty-four states that have passed legislation to make female genital mutilation (FGM) illegal according to state laws, to Michigan, one of twenty-six states in which FGM has not been made illegal in state law, where Dr. Nagarwala, with assistance from Mrs. Attar, performed the procedure outlawed by federal law in a medical office owned by Dr. Attar.
“Since 1996, there have been specific federal criminal penalties for performing FGM/C in the United States on anyone under 18 years old, including fines, up to 5 years in prison, or both. In 2013, Congress amended the federal statute related to FGM/C to criminalize the knowing transportation of a girl under 18 years old from the United States for the purpose of performing FGM/C abroad—often referred to as ‘vacation cutting,’ ” according to the June 2016 Government Accountability Office’s report Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting.
The current federal statute, which codifies both the 1996 law and the 2013 law can be seen here at U.S. Code Title 18  Part I  Chapter 7  § 116 – Female genital mutilation.
Surprisingly, neither the 1996 federal law that outlawed FGM, nor the 2013 federal law that outlawed “vacation cutting” requires health care providers to report known or suspected instances of FGM to local, state, or federal health authorities or law enforcement. Current federal law criminalizes the practice of FGM, but does not specifically require reporting on it, though health care providers are obligated to report instances of child abuse, a category in which FGM falls.
With this paucity of reporting data, two recent studies, one by the Population Reference Bureau (PRB), another by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), have used demographic analysis to estimate that the number of women who have “undergone” FGM or are “at risk of the procedure” in the United States exceeds 500,000.
“Female genital mutilation/cutting (FGM/C), involving partial or total removal of the external genitals of girls and women for religious, cultural, or other nonmedical reasons, has devastating immediate and long-term health and social effects, especially related to childbirth,” the Population Reference Bureau (PRB), a non-profit research organized funded in part by the Bill & Melissa Gates Foundation, reported in February 2016.
“In 2013, there were up to 507,000 U.S. women and girls who had undergone FGM/C or were at risk of the procedure, according to PRB’s data analysis. This figure is more than twice the number of women and girls estimated to be at risk in 2000 (228,000). The rapid increase in women and girls at risk reflects an increase in immigration to the United States, rather than an increase in the share of women and girls at risk of being cut. The estimated U.S. population at risk of FGM/C is calculated by applying country- and age-specific FGM/C prevalence rates to the number of U.S. women and girls with ties to those countries,” PRB reported.
PRB’s “at risk” estimates were based on demographic analysis, rather than actual reported incidents of FGM in the United States.
They made the common sense assumption that young girls raised in immigrant households where the country of origin is one where the FGM incidence has been documented to be high are “at risk” since those cultural practices are not left in the home country by the family but are likely to continue in the United States.
“Just three sending countries—Egypt, Ethiopia, and Somalia—accounted for 55 percent of all U.S. women and girls at risk in 2013 (see Table 1). These three countries stand out because they have a combination of high FGM/C prevalence rates and a relatively large number of immigrants to the United States. The FGM/C prevalence rate for women and girls ages 15 to 49 is 91 percent in Egypt, 74 percent in Ethiopia, and 98 percent in Somalia. About 97 percent of U.S. women and girls at risk were from African countries, while just 3 percent were from Asia (Iraq and Yemen),” PRB explained.
“FGM/C has gained attention in the United States in part because of the rising number of immigrants from countries where FGM/C is prevalent, especially sub-Saharan Africa. Between 2000 and 2013, the foreign-born population from Africa more than doubled, from 881,000 to 1.8 million,” the PRB report added:
This type of violence against women violates women’s human rights. There are more than 3 million girls, the majority in sub-Saharan Africa, who are at risk of cutting/mutilation each year. In Djibouti, Guinea, and Somalia, nine in 10 girls ages 15 to 19 have been subjected to FGM/C. Some countries in Africa have recently outlawed the practice, including Guinea-Bissau, but progress in eliminating the harmful traditional practice has been slow.1 Although FGM/C is most prevalent in sub-Saharan Africa, global migration patterns have increased the risk of FGM/C among women and girls living in developed countries, including the United States.
“CDC published a report in 2016 estimating that 513,000 women and girls in the United States were at risk of or may have been subjected to FGM/C in 2012,” according to the June 2016 Government Accountability Office’s report Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting. The CDC report found the virtually the same results PRB found using 2013 data:
While subject to certain limitations, this represents a substantial increase—about threefold—from CDC’s prior estimate of 168,000, which was based on 1990 data.CDC attributed this increase to a sharp rise in recent decades in the U.S. population originating from countries where FGM/C is commonly practiced, and noted that the increase occurred despite FGM/C prevalence not increasing or seemingly falling in many of these countries.
“In the report for the 2012 estimate, the authors said that until scientifically valid data are collected, the approach used provides the best available information on the potential levels of FGM/C,” GAO wrote:
CDC and others have acknowledged that collecting more scientifically valid data would be difficult due, in part, to the cultural and legal sensitivity of the
information needed. International efforts to collect data on the actual occurrence of FGM/C have faced similar challenges. Starting in October
2015, however, the United Kingdom began requiring health care providers in England to report through a nationwide database any instance of FGM/C described to them or discovered during physical exams. (emphasis added)
Recent press reports indicate that the methodologies used in both the CDC report and the PRB report are supported by at least one instance where health care providers actually tracked the incidence of  FGM among recent immigrants to the United States from a country in which it is a very common cultural practice.
“In Phoenix, Arizona, a staggering 98 percent of Somali women being treated at the Refugee Women’s Health Clinic have been circumcised, founder Dr. Crista Johnson said. She estimates the Somali community is at least 12,000-strong,” NBC News reported in 2014.
But the work by the Refugee Women’s Health Clinic in Phoenix accurately reporting on the incidence of FGM among recent immigrants to the United States is the exception in a public health system that is not required to specifically report suspected or actual incidents of FGM by law in most jurisdictions and is reluctant to do so for a variety of ideological and institutional reasons.
“Despite the fact that FGM in all forms has been explicitly illegal in the United States since 1996, legislation criminalizing the practice has not been comprehensively implemented or enforced, and community members, social service providers and law enforcement officials often fail to identify, report or investigate incidents of FGM,” Sanctuary for Families reported in 2013:
Anecdotal evidence indicates that female genital mutilation also continues to be performed within the United States. Typically, FGM in the U.S. is carried out by traditional practitioners who operate covertly and illegally. When U.S. health care providers carry out the procedure, they frequently come from countries where the practice is prevalent, and they operate on girls from their own communities at the request of a child’s parents.
“Some states have enacted laws specifically criminalizing FGM/C, while other states may pursue FGM/C offenses under other related statutes, such as child abuse laws,”  according to the June 2016 Government Accountability Office’s report Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting:
In some instances, states require that an occurrence of FGM/C be reported.
DOJ indicates that two states, Illinois and Tennessee, have mandatory reporting for FGM/C.
All states have mandatory reporting laws governing child abuse, which may apply to reporting FGM/C depending on the relevant circumstances and particular statutory requirements.
Some state laws address other areas of FGM/C, such as provisions prohibiting “vacation cutting” or provisions for community education and outreach.
“Local law enforcement and child protection officials told us that immigrant communities may underreport due to cultural norms, victims’ reluctance to betray their community or family members, and concern about potential effects on their immigration status and that of their family members. In addition, although many professionals who may be in contact with girls at risk for FGM/C are mandatory reporters (e.g., health care, school, and child care officials), they may be uncertain about whether FGM/C should be reported,” according to the Government Accountability Office’s June 2016 report Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting:
For example, health care providers we spoke with stated that they may not report instances of girls being at risk of or subjected to FGM/C due to uncertainty about mandatory reporting requirements (e.g., if FGM/C occurred before arriving in the United States), or because they prefer to counsel parents on the consequences of FGM/C to change parents’ position on the issue.
School officials we spoke with had little or no experience encountering FGM/C among their students, in general, and school officials may not be certain of what actions are appropriate when they encounter suspicions of FGM/C, which can affect reporting. For example, an official from a nongovernmental organization that works with Somali women said teachers contacted them for guidance on dealing with suspicions of vacation cutting.
In addition, a former school psychologist who now works with a national organization told us about an instance when school officials had suspicions of vacation cutting that was not
reported.
However, they did not confirm these suspicions with the student or her family, out of concern that she would be pulled out of school and her home environment would be disrupted. Without clear evidence that FGM/C had occurred, the officials decided to provide the student with general support for trauma.
States’ mandatory reporting requirements vary across jurisdictions, are dependent on the relevant facts and circumstances, and would be subject to some level of interpretation by
the reporting official. These factors can make it challenging to determine the appropriate course of action when encountering potential instances or risks of FGM/C on minors
The public health establishment–at the federal, state, and county levels–has been reluctant to look for and report on female genital mutilation (FGM) data, just as it has been reluctant to report on the incidence of latent and active tuberculosis (TB) among resettled refugees.
An example of this reluctance when it comes to reporting on active TB among refugees is the hidden blockbuster discovered by Breitbart News in January that 1,565 refugees have been “diagnosed with active TB since 2012, three times more than previously reported.”
Many state government health departments that report active TB among refugees make the data very difficult to find.
Other state government health departments simply fail to fully report active TB among refugees, and many county governments, particularly those in urban areas controlled by Democrats, refuse to comply with the public health reporting requirements of the Refugee Act of 1980, particularly with regards to latent TB.
Public data on the incidence of FGM–which occurs almost exclusively among the immigrant population arriving from Africa, the Middle East, and the Near East–is far more difficult to obtain than public data on the incidence of active TB.
Every state has had very clear reporting standards about the incidence of active TB among the entire population for well over half a century–in many states for more than a century.
Such is not the case with FGM, because the barbaric practice was virtually unknown in the United States until the significant upswing over the past several decades in the arrival of immigrants from countries where it is has been a common practice for centuries.
“I think it’s more than mere reluctance,” an attorney familiar with the refugee resettlement program tells Breitbart News about the reluctance of public health officials to obtain and report data on FGM.
“I think it’s a deliberate, ideological approach of moral equivalency, meaning that just about anything multiculturalism dishes out, should be respected and accepted – and the PC bureaucracy backs them up,” the attorney says.
“Public health and medical care in general, is not supposed to be a judgment, and because FGM has been made illegal in the U.S. with individual states even passing their own laws, it’s made it easier for public health departments to opt out of addressing it, leaving it instead to law enforcement agencies,” the attorney adds.
“If there is any doubt, just look at the annual refugee health reports like the one for Texas that has extensive data about health issues related to arriving refugees; they report on STDS but there is nothing about FGM, a condition that for many women who have been mutilated, brings life-long medical issues,” the attorney concludes.
The 2014 Refugee Health Report issued by the state of Texas, for instance reports, extensively on the rates of syphilis for refugees over the age of 15, but includes no data on FGM.
Refugee health reports for the states of California, Utah, Arizona, Minnesota, Indiana, and Florida follow a similar pattern.
The Centers for Disease Control’s (CDC) guidelines to medical professionals responsible for conducting the initial domestic medical screenings of refugees arriving in the United States for resettlement by the federal government specifically recommend genital examinations, which would clearly identify arriving refugees who are FGM victims. However, a significant number of those screeners may not be following those recommendations, or may delay the examinations indefinitely based on language in the guidelines that states “[i]n refugees who previously experienced trauma (e.g., sexual assault victims), the anal and genital examination may be postponed until the refugee establishes a trusting relationship with a provider.”
That apparent failure misses key information that could help stop the spread of the barbaric practice in the United States, as adult women arriving in the country who are already victims of FGM are likely to be in family situations where their daughters are at risk of being subjected to the same abuse in this country.
Common sense suggests that the PRB’s and CDC’s estimates of the number of girls in the United States at risk for FGM is likely to be very close to the true incidence of FGM in this country today.
The public health establishment’s long record of hiding and obscuring data that accurately reflects the true public health status of immigrants and refugees, however, appears to be one of the major stumbling blocks in identifying and eradicating this barbaric practice in the United States, as is the lack of specificity in the underlying federal and state statutes.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Prothero did his best to smear Gorka. He describes the former Breitbart News editor (inaccurately) as having “failed his way upwards” (a description that could apply equally to the career paths of many of BuzzFeed’s own crack reporters).
But in the search for evidence of Gorka’s ties to the far-right, Prothero came up short, despite contacting Gorka’s former employers in Hungary and members of the Hungarian counterintelligence service.
Gorka’s Hungarian critics are not shy to attack him, either: some describe him rather viciously. Even so, they say that Gorka is not a Nazi or an antisemite.
“Sebastian Gorka is not a Nazi or a security threat because he is some sort of secret British agent,” said a member of the Hungarian counter intelligence service, who has reviewed the files a security background check on Gorka from 2002. “Gorka is, how do you say in English — a peddler of snake oil.”
…
Gorka’s rejection for a [Hungarian] security clearance to serve on the committee was a devastating blow to his reputation in Hungary. He had come to be seen as a self-promoter, the intelligence official said, while the minor ties to the British government that had been established were enough to alienate him from much of the Hungarian nationalist right.
…
This chimes with the views of some of those who knew him in Hungary, who remember Gorka as right-wing and keenly pro-Western, but whose views set him outside the far-right.
…
“Within the context of historical Hungarian fascism, Gorka never appeared to be particularly interested in these [extreme, Nazi-linked] movements, having always been a supporter of the pro-Western Atlantic alliances and an advocate for Hungarian integration into the West,” he said. “So I don’t think it’s fair to characterize him as a Nazi, when he’s more of a self-promoter.”
…
“The charges that Gorka supports anti-Semitic movements” — such as Jobbik, which has been roundly criticized by human rights groups across Europe — “doesn’t seem consistent with his attitude or background when he was here in Hungary,” said Horvath, citing Gorka’s loud pro-Western stance. “While all anti-Semites seem to be Nazis, not everyone in the Hungarian right is a racist because there’s a lot of diversity in thought.”
When asked about the controversy over Gorka’s use of his father’s Order of Vitéz medals and title, Molnar first dismissed the complaint, arguing that the Order was fairly common in Hungarian political circles, and is associated with nationalism rather than ideology.
Porter also confirms what was first reported here at Breitbart News — that the medal Gorka wore at the inauguration, which was awarded to his father for his anticommunist activism by an organization called the Vitezi Rend, had nothing to do with the historical Vitezi Rend that had ties to the Nazi-aligned Hungarian regime in the Second World War.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak 



ARTICLE
The classes are specifically geared toward the women, bearing names like “Trigger Happy Firearm Instruction,” “Brown Girls Project,” and “Black Woman’s Defense League,” among others. All are designed to teach black women how to properly use a firearm and to carry it in a way that it is accessible and ready if needed for self-defense.
The Guardian reports that domestic violence–being able to stop and survive such violence–is one of the big motivators for this movement. In fact,  Marchelle Tigner–founder of “Trigger Happy Firearm Instruction”–is a domestic violence survivor.
Tigner discovered Atlanta’s Bullseye Indoor Range and Gun Shop and “offered the class through social media, hoping for 20 students.”
She hit that number within two days so she doubled her expectations and aimed for 40. A “class scheduled for 4 March sold out to 40 students in 24 hours; a third class for 30 on 18 March sold out in 30 hours; and so did a fourth on 19 March.” She now has classes scheduled all the way through May, and that includes classes she will teach in Florida.
She observed, “The growth of these classes – I never expected it. It shows me how unsafe these women feel in their communities.”
The NRA loves seeing gun ownership and training growing among black women. NRA media relations manager Jason Brown said, “From the NRA’s perspective, it’s an awesome trend.” He stressed that the “NRA is not an old white guy’s party.”
On Friday, April 28, Antonia Okafor–a black woman who advocates for the Second Amendment–will speak to the NRA’s Leadership Forum; the same forum to which President Donald Trump will also speak.
Okafor said that “black women” have been among her “biggest critics” in her fight for gun rights, but she was simply living out what so many other black women are now realizing. Okafor said, “People don’t know me, or how I came to my beliefs. My experience comes more from being a woman and being empowered through my gun.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Authorities with the Chattanooga Police Department arrested Guatemalan National Diego Tomas-Tomas, 19, on Monday and charged him for allegedly raping his 9-year-old stepsister, according to court documents obtained by Breitbart Texas.
The police initially were notified of the then-alleged rape on June 6, 2016, after they received a report through an abuse hotline. The victim, his stepsister, 8-years-old at the time, gave a descriptive account of the assault.
She said that Tomas allegedly performed the violent sexual acts in the presence of their shared siblings.
Chattanooga Police made multiple attempts to contact Tomas, but were unsuccessful. In April, police managed to contact an uncle who promised to supply Tomas for official questioning.
Tomas reportedly required an interpreter during the interview.
During the interview, he reportedly admitted to raping his stepsister and stated that he knew it was wrong.
Tomas’ statement to investigators was consistent with the account given by the victim and her younger brothers. Tomas was placed under arrest and transported to the Hamilton County Jail.
Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.



ARTICLE
Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) announced on Wednesday that he is deploying 25 state troopers to Long Island to combat the notoriously violent MS-13 street gang, The Wall Street Journal reported.
The announcement comes days after the gruesome murders of four teenagers there, which investigators say is related to MS-13.
“We will do everything we need to do to eliminate this criminal organization,” Cuomo said during the press conference.
The new unit is expected to share intelligence, surveillance assets, and other resources with law local enforcement.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Monday that Long Island is home to more than 200 dedicated members of MS-13.
Recent Long Island area murders by MS-13 include those of Nisa Mickens and Kayla Cuevas; as well as five other individuals by a group of mostly illegal alien MS-13 members, Breitbart Texas reported.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is expected to visit a dangerous section of Long Island on Friday where he will speak about the violence from MS-13.
Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.



ARTICLE
“I know that the power, size and weight of Hungary is much smaller than that of the financial speculator, George Soros, who is now attacking Hungary,” Orbán said.
“Despite ruining the lives of millions of European with his financial speculations, being penalized in Hungary for speculations, and who is an openly admitted enemy of the euro, he is so highly praised that he is received by the EU’s top leaders,” he said.
The Prime Minister’s address built upon comments he made in an Easter interview with Magyar Idők, in which he stated the motives behind Hungary’s diffidence toward George Soros.
“There can be no special privileges, and no one may stand above the law – not even George Soros’s people,” he said.
Through his organisations in Hungary, and hidden from the public gaze, Orbán said, “George Soros is spending endless amounts of money to support illegal immigration.”
“To pursue his interests he pays a number of lobbying organisations operating in the guise of civil society. He maintains a regular network, with its own promoters, its own media, hundreds of people, and its own university.”
“I believe that George Soros must not be underestimated: he is a powerful billionaire of enormous determination who, when it comes to his interests, respects neither God nor man,” he said.
In his address before Parliament Wednesday, Orbán said that the basic stance of the government is contrary to the intentions of the European Commission regarding immigration.
“Our position is clear: we do not want, and do not think it is in accordance with the founding treaties of the Union, to settle migrants in our country in a mandatory way,” he said. “The decision on who we live with can only be made by the Hungarian citizens.”
The Prime Minister said it is important to note that “George Soros and his NGOs want to transport one million migrants to the EU per year. He has personally, publicly announced this programme and provides a financial loan for it. You could read this yourselves.”
“We reject this,” Orbán said. “We do not want to lose the right of national ratemaking for public utilities, because we fear that this would increase the burdens of the people and once again lead to drastic price increases, from which Hungarian families have suffered enough.
Regarding the regulation of non-governmental organisations (NGOs), Orbán said that the Hungarian proposal “follows the American example.”
The “complicated question,” he said, is “how we can make the operations of financially strong foreign external lobbies, willing to influence democratic decision-making, transparent to everyone.”
“The Hungarian legislation builds on the principal of clarity and transparency. We want nothing else but to be able to know of NGOs what kind of money and what kind of interests are behind them. This does not undermine their constitutional rights to have their voices heard, represent their interests and be able to organise themselves freely,” he said.
Orbán said that Hungarians are in favor of “straight talk” and reject attempts to beat around the bush or hide behind diplomatic language when discussing important issues.
“We talk clearly and unambiguously, so everyone can understand, even if we know that this may not appeal to everyone,” he said. “We on the other hand are irritated by the restrained political language, unable to name things for what they are, that has become widespread in European public life nowadays.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
In a piece titled ‘Putting The American Worker First,’ Brat argues that the H-1B visa puts the need of foreign workers first, rather than Americans, by allowing businesses to bring in 85,000 new foreign workers every year, often taking once high-paying jobs from Americans who are fired and forced to train their replacements.
“One thing is clear: the United States’ immigration policy should serve first and foremost the interests of the American worker,” Brat begins the op-ed:
The current system for H-1B visa workers does not put the interests of our country first, and rampant abuses to the system leave the American worker standing on the sidelines and often underemployed. During a time of heightened political divides, this is an issue both Democrats and Republicans in Congress can agree needs to be addressed.
Too often, companies capitalize on the loopholes in our immigration system to displace high-skilled American workers in search of cheap labor. I applaud the announcement of President Trump’s America First policy to return more American jobs to American workers by rooting out fraud, identifying necessary reforms and punishing companies exploiting the system for their own financial gain.
Brat touts his H-1B reform plan introduced with Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-NJ), Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA), and Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ), where employers seeking foreign workers through the H-1B visa would have to raise the minimum wage for those workers, while also giving “investigative authority” to the Departments of Homeland Security (DHS) and Labor to “find abuses and creates more defined allotment categories to prioritize STEM workers.”
The abuses of the H-1B visa at the expense of American workers have largely been silenced, according to Brat, as fired Americans are forced to sign agreements which mandates they not speak about the termination:
The outrage from laid-off American tech workers has been muted because companies frequently require employees to sign nondisclosure forms prohibiting them from criticizing their employers in exchange for severance pay. Last year, employees at Disney filed in federal court to sue outsourcing companies that contracted with American companies to supplant Americans with H-1B workers.
And just last month, 60 Minutes aired an episode entitled “You’re Fired” that highlighted how the H-1B visa program is working against the American worker. The episode told the story of Robert Harrison, an engineer at a medical center in San Francisco. Last October, he was told along with 80 of his IT coworkers that they were being fired and replaced with international workers. These American workers were asked to train their replacements and promised generous bonuses.
The American worker should be allowed to compete for positions before a company outsources the jobs to a foreign worker with an H-1B visa. The purpose of our immigration laws should be to protect the interests of our country and promote a thriving economy and productive citizens. Instead, the H-1B system has created an entire industry of foreign workers coming to the United States to be trained, and then the role is outsourced back to their country of origin for drastically lower wages. This practice eliminates many traditional entry-level positions for technical professionals in the United States.
Brat says that not only does the H-1B visa harm the millions of displaced Americans that it has impacted since its inception, but it “underpays and exploits foreign workers,” writing that the current GOP-led Congress and President Donald Trump’s administration must make major reforms to the program.
Trump’s newest executive order targets the H-1B visa for its abuses by U.S. companies, calling for a “full legal analysis” of the program by DOJ, DHS, and the Labor Department, as Breitbart Texas reported.
If the H-1B visa program had never been enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
“The executive order I’m signing today is another critical step to restoring local control, which is so important,” Trump said in his remarks at the signing of the Education Federalism Executive Order. “This executive order directs Secretary DeVos to review current federal regulations and ensure that they don’t obstruct the ability of states, local governments, teachers, and most importantly, parents, to make the best decisions for their students and, in many cases, for their children.”
The order states the education secretary “shall, as appropriate and consistent with applicable law, rescind or revise” any regulations or guidance documents “that are identified…as inconsistent with statutory prohibitions.” The secretary has 300 days to perform the review of regulations.
The president continued:
Previous administrations have wrongfully forced states and schools to comply with federal whims and dictate what our kids are taught. But we know that local communities do it best and know it best. The time has come to empower parents and teachers to make the decisions that help their students achieve success. That’s what this executive order is all about. So important.
Present at the signing of the executive order were Vice President Mike Pence, DeVos, and Govs. Kay Ivey (R-AL), Terry Branstad (R-IA), Paul LePage (R-ME), Brian Sandoval (R-NV), Gary Herbert (R-UT), Matt Mead (R-WY).
“As a former governor myself, I’ve always believed, as the President does, that education is a state and local function, and that decisions in education are best made by parents and teachers and local administrators,” Pence said. “The decisions over our children’s school should be made by parents and local administrators, not by politicians or unelected bureaucrats in a far, distant capital.”
DeVos said the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) was “a good step in this direction, giving flexibility to states to best meet the needs of their communities.”
“We’re going to implement this law as Congress intended, not how the previous administration dictated,” the secretary added. “When we give decision-making power back to states and communities, students benefit. This executive order puts us on that track.”
Grassroots parent activists and education think tanks that have studied ESSA, however, say the federal law – even as passed in “bipartisan” fashion by establishment members of Congress and signed into law immediately by former President Barack Obama – anchors states to the controversial Common Core or its “rebrands” and still requires states to obtain the approval of the federal government for its education plans.
Quoting ESSA, American Principles Project senior fellow Jane Robbins and Indiana parent activist Erin Tuttle wrote at The Pulse 2016:
“Each State shall demonstrate that the challenging academic standards are aligned with entrance requirements for credit-bearing coursework in the system of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards.”
“This is simply another way of saying states must have “college- and career-ready” standards,” the writers note. “And as made clear by the U.S. Department of Education’s own materials, “college- and career-ready” means Common Core.”



ARTICLE
“In many ways, I do believe the United States is at a crossroads when it comes to meeting the diverse threats that we face today while simultaneously preparing for the ever-evolving future threats headed our way tomorrow,” proclaimed Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX), while speaking at the Woodrow Wilson Center.
“To address these threats, to maintain the peace and fight if we must, we have to maintain a capable, ready, and modern military. And the truth is we are not ready,” he later added.

During a discussion titled, “Ready or Not: A Strategy for an Effective Military,” Cornyn implored the U.S. Congress to start funding military modernization efforts and do away with sequestration, a provision of the Budget Control Act of 2011 that imposes automatic cuts to defense spending of $500 billion over a 10-year period starting in March 2013.
“U.S. military readiness and modernization, already under great stress and stretched thin around the world, has suffered under 15 years of continued operations, budgetary restrictions, and deferred investment,” said Cornyn.
“If we want to return to a strong American military after years of stress and inadequate funding, we need to start with an end to Department of Defense sequestration,” he continued.
While campaigning, President Donald Trump called for eliminating sequestration.
Nevertheless, the mandated cuts to military spending are still tormenting lawmakers and military leaders, recently prompting some of them to sound the alarm on the adverse effects the budget reductions are having on military readiness.
“A bipartisan Congress and the Trump Administration must address our budget priorities by looking at and addressing all federal spending, not just the 30 percent or so represented by discretionary spending,” noted Sen. Cornyn.
“The only way we can rein in spending, get a handle on our debt, and ensure our military stays ready for the threats facing it every day is to clearly articulate our country’s needs and how we meet them,” he added.
Cornyn’s comments echoed recent warnings from high-ranking military officials who say current funding levels have placed the readiness required by the Marines, Navy, Army, and Air Force to deter aggression and fight battles at risk.
Top military officials have also warned that the U.S. military can no longer afford to wait to modernize and recapitalizing America’s nuclear capabilities, noting that nearly all components of the United States nuclear triad — submarines, ground-based systems, and bombers — are outdated.
“In the Middle East, even as ISIS forces are pushed back in Iraq, the ideology spreads like a contagion through their so-called cyber-caliphate. Iran, under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, is a break-out nuclear threat, and remains the No. 1 state sponsor of international terrorism in the world,” noted the Senate majority whip in highlighting the threats currently facing the United States.
“And in Syria, 400,000 Syrians have died in a bloody civil war, while Bashar al-Assad, a brutal dictator known to repeatedly use chemical weapons against his own people despite red lines drawn, enjoys Russian and Iranian protection,” he added.



ARTICLE
Until last month, what no one knew for certain was whether all that talk would result in action, or if the new administration would maintain the status quo. Oddly enough, both ended up happening. House Republicans’ early attempt at healthcare reform was commendable, but the lack of support it received means that, for now at least, nothing is going to change. It turns out this isn’t going to be nearly as straightforward as lawmakers projected. And unfortunately for many Americans struggling under penalties or devastatingly high premiums, there’s no end in sight.
So other than wait for Washington to come up with a plan that will pass muster with legislators, the president, and most importantly the American people, what can we do? For starters, we can remember that we the people still have the freedom to determine our own destiny and to act out of our sincerely held beliefs in every area, including where our healthcare is concerned. That might be a new concept to some: how exactly can you let your faith guide your healthcare decisions?
Long before insurance was regarded as the primary way to manage healthcare costs, as far back as in the early days of the Church, faith communities joined together to share in one another’s burdens. As a Christian healthcare sharing ministry, Liberty HealthShare is based on the belief that this tradition has always been, and continues to be, the most morally and financially sound way to approach medical costs. Liberty members have dared to leave the insurance model behind and instead act on their sincerely held beliefs where their healthcare is concerned.
If you have always functioned within the insurance model, medical cost sharing probably feels foreign to you. But if the government healthcare overhaul has placed you in a position of having to take something you never wanted, consider that you can put yourself back in the driver’s seat where your health is concerned. You can begin by educating yourself about healthcare sharing and Liberty HealthShare.
Healthcare sharing pre-dates and precedes anything the government has or can come up with. Liberty HealthShare was here before the ACA was rolled out; their members are exempt from the mandates and fines associated with it, and they are able to operate without fear of government interference. For those who read and agree to their Statement of Shared Beliefs, and who will honestly and ethically engage with the member community, true healthcare freedom is possible.
Liberty HealthShare values what you value: freedom, personal responsibility, and community. Whereas government solutions can almost be guaranteed to TAKE freedom from you, membership in a healthcare sharing ministry GIVES you freedom to make your own decisions, to steward your own health, and to help and be helped when you or your neighbors face unforeseen medical costs.
Finally, Liberty HealthShare rejects one-size-fits-all solutions. They know each family has preferences concerning how they want to manage their own health, and they respect that. Rather than a government interpretation of what’s best for all Americans, Liberty HealthShare encourages members to maintain a close relationship with their doctors so they can have open conversations and, when necessary, develop care plans that are best for their members’ health and finances. What makes this possible on a large scale is that Liberty members steward their health and finances in community, considering the effects of their decisions not only on themselves but on other members.
If there’s one thing that characterizes Americans, it’s the can-do, innovative spirit that says we are capable of coming up with good answers to the problems we face each day. Our healthcare is no exception to this rule. Liberty HealthShare is happy to offer its members a way to join with others to live out the belief that our rights come from God, and we are responsible to him and one another for the way we treat our bodies. While Washington tries to hammer out their next big fix for our healthcare needs, we don’t need to wait. We can exercise our freedom right now.
Visit Libertyhealthshare.org/breitbart for more information.



ARTICLE
Trump confirmed the news on Thursday morning.
“I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate,” he wrote on Twitter. “I agreed subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good — deal very possible!”
A senior White House advisor described the abrupt whiplash on NAFTA as the president’s “art of the deal,” rather than a swift reaction to a misstep.
“This expedites renegotiations,” the adviser told Breitbart News.
It worked.
The news kicked off on Wednesday, as Politico’s Tara Palmeri scooped that the White House had drafted an executive order to withdraw from NAFTA. Five hours later, the New York Times confirmed the news.
The story broke just as Trump’s top economic advisors prepared to reveal their dramatic tax reform plan to journalists at the White House. Members of congress protested the idea loudly, while the Mexican peso posted its biggest loss in three months, according to the Wall Street Journal.
By Wednesday afternoon, both President Peña Nieto of Mexico and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada called the president to express their concerns.
The three leaders “agreed to proceed swiftly” on renegotiating NAFTA according to a White House statement released late Wednesday evening.
“It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up to date through renegotiation,” Trump said. “It is an honor to deal with both President Peña Nieto and Prime Minister Trudeau, and I believe that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better.”
The news followed Trump’s dramatic buildup on NAFTA, after previewing action on the “disastrous” trade deal “some time over the next two weeks” and sparking public disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and dairy products.
Renegotiating NAFTA will take longer, as Trump will work to work out a better deal for the American worker. But if foreign leaders try to drag out the clock, the executive order sledgehammer should keep them at the table.



ARTICLE
The first to go was Ashuk Ahmed, Liberal Democrat candidate for Luton South, who has left the party following allegations of anti-Semitic posts on social media.
According to a report in Luton Today, the alleged postings on Facebook and Twitter date from 2014 – before the last general election when Mr. Ahmed was the party’s local candidate. They include a series comparing Jews to Nazis, suggestions that Zionists control “half the world” and claims that Labour and the Conservatives are controlled by “Zionist paymasters”.
Mr Ahmed also shared a video made by an extreme anti-Semitic group AshkeNazi, which claims to “expose… the current takeover of the United States by the Jewish Ashkenazi tribe”.
As soon as the posts were made public in an article by the MailOnline the party acted, with a spokesman saying,  “Mr Ahmed is no longer a member of the party and will not be a Liberal Democrat candidate in the coming election.”
The Campaign Against Anti-Semitism said: “Despite the fact that Ahmed had been exposed as an antisemite, the Liberal Democrats still decided to select him as their candidate for the Luton South Constituency in the forthcoming General Election, just as they did in 2015.
“The Party only moved to suspend Ahmed when Campaign Against Antisemitism exposed him.”
Former Bradford East MP David Ward, who held the seat for five years until 2015, has also been banned from standing again in June’s election by leader Tim Farron.
Mr. Ward, who planned to stand and try to regain the seat he lost in the last election – caused controversy in 2013 when he accused “the Jews” of atrocities against Palestinians.
His party membership has been suspended and an independent panel will carry out an investigation after the election, according to the BBC.
The decision came just two hours after Prime Minister’s Questions, in which Theresa May attacked what she called Mr. Ward’s “questionable record on antisemitism”.
LibDem party leader Tim Farron said in a statement released on Wednesday afternoon: “I believe in a politics that is open, tolerant and united. David Ward is unfit to represent the party and I have sacked him.”
The sidelining of Mr. Ward was welcomed by the Jewish Leadership Council, which called Mr. Ward “an unrepentant serial offender”.
In 2013, Mr. Ward posted a tweet calling Israel an “apartheid state” and said that “Zionists” were “losing the battle”.  Mr. Ward refused to apologise at the time and had the party whip withdrawn.
 



ARTICLE
Ebrahim Raisi told a state TV talk show Wednesday that “today Americans are afraid of the word ‘Iran,’” saying: “This is the solution. The solution is not backing down. We must force them to retreat.”
Raisi is challenging the incumbent, Hassan Rouhani, a moderate who has tried to improve relations with the West and whose government reached a key nuclear agreement with world powers in 2015.
More conservative elements of the regime criticized the deal, saying Rouhani gave too much away.
Rouhani is widely seen as the front-runner in next month’s election, but Raisi is close to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.



ARTICLE
“First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings,” Trump wrote on Twitter. “See you in the Supreme Court!”
Trump fumed that the court also ruled against his travel ban, questioning the process that put both of the actions in the Ninth Circuit. He accused opponents of his actions of “judge shopping.”
“Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the “ban” case and now the ‘sanctuary’ case is brought in the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%),” he wrote. “They used to call this “judge shopping!” Messy system.”
The White House issued a statement late Tuesday night reacting to the decision:

Today, the rule of law suffered another blow, as an unelected judge unilaterally rewrote immigration policy for our Nation. Federal law explicitly states that “a Federal, State or Local government entity or official may not prohibit, or in any way restrict, any government entity or official from sending to, or receiving from, the Immigration and Naturalization Service information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual.”  8 U.S.C. 1373(a).  That means, according to Congress, a city that prohibits its officials from providing information to federal immigration authorities — a sanctuary city — is violating the law.   Sanctuary cities, like San Francisco, block their jails from turning over criminal aliens to Federal authorities for deportation.  These cities are engaged in the dangerous and unlawful nullification of Federal law in an attempt to erase our borders.
 Once again, a single district judge — this time in San Francisco — has ignored Federal immigration law to set a new immigration policy for the entire country.  This decision occurred in the same sanctuary city that released the 5-time deported illegal immigrant who gunned down innocent Kate Steinle in her father’s arms.  San Francisco, and cities like it, are putting the well-being of criminal aliens before the safety of our citizens, and those city officials who authored these policies have the blood of dead Americans on their hands.  This San Francisco judge’s erroneous ruling is a gift to the criminal gang and cartel element in our country, empowering the worst kind of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and putting thousands of innocent lives at risk.
 This case is yet one more example of egregious overreach by a single, unelected district judge.  Today’s ruling undermines faith in our legal system and raises serious questions about circuit shopping.  But we are confident we will ultimately prevail in the Supreme Court, just as we will prevail in our lawful efforts to impose immigration restrictions necessary to keep terrorists out of the United States.
 In the meantime, we will pursue all legal remedies to the sanctuary city threat that imperils our citizens, and continue our efforts to ramp up enforcement to remove the criminal and gang element from our country.  Ultimately, this is a fight between sovereignty and open borders, between the rule of law and lawlessness, and between hardworking Americans and those who would undermine their safety and freedom.
 



ARTICLE
His tweet came on the same day Breitbart News reported that the NRA had launched what promises to be the first of many lawsuits designed to challenge California gun control laws. The Los Angeles Times reports that the NRA has a “series” of suits planned now that Neil Gorsuch is seated on the Supreme Court.
Newsom’s tweet appears to be an attempt to convince the NRA that gun control has already won the day. He wrote:

Hey @NRA-the people of CA have already spoken. Loudly. We reject your $ driven agenda. We're focused on saving lives https://t.co/xuz1BefOSc
— Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) April 26, 2017

Many of Newsom’s fellow gun controllers have yet to come to the point of claiming California gun control has won the day. In fact, Gabby Giffords believes the April 10 murder-suicide at San Bernardino’s North Park Elementary proves California gun control is insufficient. And despite universal background checks, an “assault weapons” ban, a “high capacity” magazine ban,  firearm registration requirements, firearm confiscation laws, and a 10-day waiting period on gun purchases, California Democrats are pushing an additional law limiting law-abiding Californians to a purchase limit of one gun per month.
The NRA has launched its “series” of suits as an attempt to strip away gun controls already enacted and take the momentum from gun controls currently being pushed.
The NRA responded to Newsom by tweeting:

Hey @GavinNewsom – The Constitution is clear. Americans – EVEN Californians – have #2A Right to Keep and Bear Arms. #sorrynotsorry https://t.co/SLUuIOVnXu
— NRA (@NRA) April 26, 2017

AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
U.S. senators had asked for a hearing on the situation with North Korea and the president responded with an offer to host every U.S. senator at the White House “to communicate the seriousness of the threat from North Korea and to allow the Senators to ask questions of the National Security team and understand better the nature of the threat,” according to a senior White House official.
The official commented that communicating the situation was not the only aim of the meeting, adding that the president and national security team wanted to convey:
…what our response to that threat has been and how we’re proceeding to protect the American people and our partners in the region from this very grave threat represented by what we know is a brutal regime, what we know is an unpredictable regime and what we know is a capable regime in terms of military capabilities and a regime that holds at risk large portions of the population of South Korea, but now really a new level of threat from North Korea associated with the unacceptable and erratic and unlawful behavior of Kim Jong-un’s regime represented by the murder of his brother using a nerve agent in a public place, in an airport. But also the increasing capability for destruction that that regime possesses in the form of the nuclear program and the ballistic missile program, so it’s about the seriousness and it’s about a discussion of strategy and approach. It has developed a broad range of options to remove this threat not only to the American people but to our allies…
“We build into the strategy, efforts to mitigate risk,” the official went on. “The team has done everything that we can to try to anticipate reactions and then mitigate and risk associated with those.”
Recent activities the administration caught through monitoring North Korea gave the indication that the nation’s government was preparing a provocative action, according to the official, who described administration attempts to track the country’s activities and prepare potential responses. “What happened was a conventional firepower demonstration on Army Day on the 25th,” the official noted. “They continued to monitor and try to identify any indicators of a nuclear test, ballistic missile test or ICBM test.”
Following the Senate meeting, reporters swarmed around Sen. Chris Coons (D-DE), who offered commentary on the meeting. “I frankly think it makes the American people safer if the world sees our government acting in a concerted, serious, and thoughtful manner, rather than taking partisan shots about did we meet the Senate… it was a thorough and constructive briefing and I appreciate the opportunity to participate,” he told reporters.
Sen. Coons added that there remains the important and difficult work of drafting a policy for how to be prepared militarily if the U.S. or her allies are attacked, as well as a well-thought-out diplomatic strategy.
Asked if the briefing left him feeling that the president is doing all that he can regarding North Korea for the safety of our troops, the American people, and allies, Coons said, “I’m encouraged with what I heard about steps that are being taken, both to engage our allies around the world and to make this China’s problem, because China really is the single largest supporter of the North Korean regime and without Chinese support, we’re not going to be successful in any diplomatic effort to reign it in.” He also lauded the steps being taken to avoid miscalculation.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana.



ARTICLE
Earlier Wednesday, the New York Times reported that Trump was on the verge of taking the step which would begin the mechanics of taking the United States out of NAFTA, while negotiations on reforming trade in North America took place.
The White House confirmed that Trump assured both leaders this step would not be taken in a press release Wednesday evening:
President Trump agreed not to terminate NAFTA at this time and the leaders agreed to proceed swiftly, according to their required internal procedures, to enable the renegotiation of the NAFTA deal to the benefit of all three countries. President Trump said, “It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up to date through renegotiation. It is an honor to deal with both President Peña Nieto and Prime Minister Trudeau, and I believe that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better.”
President Trump, both on the campaign and in office, has made no secret of his disdain for the free trade bloc. He told the Associated Press last week, “I think NAFTA has been a catastrophic trade deal for the United States,” and has hyperbolically referred to it in his debate with Hillary Clinton, under whose husband NAFTA was implemented, as “one of the worst things that ever happened.”
The potential withdrawal order was seen as an opening gambit for negotiations, later referred to in the phone calls between leaders, on reforming NAFTA. A similar interpretation may explain Tuesday’s move to impose tariffs on Canadian lumber. “We love Canada, wonderful people, wonderful country, but they have been very good about taking advantage of us through NAFTA,” Trump said as he announced those measures.



ARTICLE
What We Know: Here are the five most important things we have learned from the proposal:
A Much Bigger Standard Deduction:
The administration’s wants to double the standard deduction for individuals and households, exempting far more income from taxation. The change would raise the deduction for couples from $12,700 to approximately $24,000 and raise the deduction for single filers from $6,300 to $12,600.
“A married couple will not have to pay taxes on the first $24,000 it earns,” National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said in a press conference introducing the proposal.
The larger standard deduction reduced the value of itemized deductions, such as the deductions for charitable giving and mortgage interest, because the tax savings from these is proportional to a household’s marginal tax rate. This minimizes the impact on households from the elimination of most itemized deductions included in the plan and decreases the distorting effects of the mortgage interest deduction.
Because doubling the standard deduction would significantly reduce the benefits of itemizing for most taxpayers, it also has the effect of simplifying the tax system. Currently, less than one-third of tax filers, or 45 million households, itemize their deductions. An analysis of a similar proposal by The Tax Policy Center last year estimated that the combination of eliminating most itemized deductions and doubling the standard deduction would result in 38 million households who would otherwise itemize deciding to opt for the standard deduction.
According to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a group that is critical of the proposal, this will result in households and individuals paying $1.5 trillion less in taxes over the next ten years.
A Lower Top Rate and Fewer Tax Brackets:
The proposal calls for the number of tax brackets to shrink to three from seven, with marginal rates of 10 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent. Currently, marginal tax rates start at 10 percent and rise to a top rate of 39.6 percent.
Keeps Charitable Giving and Mortgage Interest Deductions, Eliminates the Rest:
Trump’s plan would leave in place the deductions for mortgage interest and charitable contributions while eliminating other deductions, including the deduction for state income taxes that benefits residents of high-tax states.
The impact on most households of eliminating those deductions, however, will be cushioned because of the rise in the standard deduction and the reduction of the top rate, as the value of deductions is a function of the marginal tax rate. The loss of the ability to deduct state income taxes might also incentivize wealthy Americans in high tax states to lobby local lawmakers for lower tax rates.
Keep in mind that only one-third of filers currently itemize. And with the increase in the standard deduction, that number would certainly shrink. Those households most likely to be hurt by the loss of itemized deductions are those with very high incomes, many of whom will see their taxes fall because of the decline in the top rate.
A Big Tax Cut For Businesses Large and Small:
The plan would cut taxes on business income dramatically. The corporate tax rate would fall to 15 percent from 35 percent.
The tax cut for limited liability companies, partnerships, and other so-called “pass-through” businesses would be even steeper. These don’t pay corporate taxes, instead, their income is “passed-through” to their owners, who pay personal income taxes where the top rate is currently 39.6 percent. Trump would allow this income to be taxed at the same 15 percent rate that he has proposed for corporate income.
Business taxes would also become “territorial,” meaning future profits earned outside the U.S. would not be subject to U.S. taxes. Currently, the U.S. has a worldwide tax system under which corporations must pay taxes on all income no matter where their profits are earned, with deductions for taxes paid to foreign governments. But because the tax is only applied when the profits are “repatriated” or brought to the U.S., corporations can defer paying taxes on overseas profits indefinitely by stockpiling the profits abroad. This discourages U.S. businesses from re-investing foreign profits in the U.S.
Kills the Alternative Minimum Tax, the Obamacare Investment Tax, and ‘Death Tax’:
The administration’s plan also calls for the abolition of the Alternative Minimum Tax, a sort of secondary tax code originally designed to prevent very wealthy Americans from using deductions and loopholes to avoid paying taxes. It adds complexity to the tax code and, because it wasn’t indexed for inflation until recently, is no longer only applicable to the super-wealthy. According to the Tax Policy Center, it hits around 30 percent of households with incomes between $200,000 and $500,000.
The plan would eliminate the estate tax, better known to conservatives as the “death tax.” This applies an additional tax to those who die with an estate worth more than $5.49 million. Many of the wealthiest families, however, avoid the tax by using trusts and other tax shelters. As a result, it is expected to apply only to around 11,000 in 2017, according to the Tax Policy Center. Many of these are likely to be less sophisticated wealthy individuals or those whose wealth is tied up in something like a family farm rather than in liquid securities more easily placed in a trust.
It would also eliminate the 3.8 percent tax on some investment income that was introduced as part of the Affordable Care Act.
And What We Don’t Know: There are still many unanswered questions about the tax plan.
Which Income Levels Apply To Which Brackets?:
The administration proposal calls for the income tax brackets to fall from seven to three, but it doesn’t reveal where the thresholds for each bracket will fall. Ideally, the thresholds would be set so that marginal taxes at every level would be reduced. A similar plan introduced by Capitol Hill Republicans last year had a 12 percent rate apply to single filer income between $12,000 and $49,650, a 25 percent rate apply between $49,650 and $202,150, and a 33 percent rate beyond that.
What Happens To Corporate Cash Stockpiled Abroad?:
To avoid paying U.S. taxes on foreign earnings, U.S. corporations have stockpiled large amounts of cash abroad. The Trump administration has signaled that it would like to put in place a program to encourage companies to repatriate that money. Proposals for this in the past have included a “repatriation holiday,” a sort of temporary tax amnesty for the stockpiled earnings. There were no details about the approach the Trump administration would take in Wednesday’s framework.
How Will The Child Care Tax Break Work?:
The Trump administration’s plan mentioned a tax break for child care expenses, but it didn’t go into any detail about this. Structuring a child care tax break can be tricky because conservatives are wary of anything that might penalize stay-at-home moms who don’t have to make cash outlays for things like daycare.
What Will It Cost?:
Without further details, it is very hard to estimate the budgetary cost of the tax proposal. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (CRFB), a deficit hawk pressure group, estimated that it would cost between $3 to $7 trillion.
Speaking on background, administration officials have said the plan could cost as much as $4 trillion in lost revenue but that economic growth would more than makeup for this. Mnuchin said this week that the plan will “pay for itself.” The CRFB has said that GDP growth would have to rise to 4 percent to achieve this, a rate it regards as unrealistic.
While it is unlikely that official budget estimates will declare the tax plan to be “revenue neutral,” that may not matter. Interest rates are very low, which makes budget deficits more affordable. And even after the Trump administration introduced its proposal, the bond market showed no signs that it anticipated rates or inflation to rise much even over the very long term.
In light of this, the Trump administration could push for tax cuts now and offer to work with lawmakers later to find ways to reduce projected deficits.
Will This Pass?:
The failure of the efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare have many skeptical about the Trump administration’s ability to pass sweeping legislation, despite Republican control of the House, Senate, and White House.  Others say that the earlier failure has made the need to “score a win” on tax reform even more pressing.
Unless the tax plan attracts Democratic support in the Senate, it would have to be passed using the “reconciliation” procedures that allow legislation to proceed with a party-line vote. But to qualify for this, the plan would have to be judged not to increase budget deficits outside a ten-year window. This could lead to Republicans attempting to sunset some of the changes, making the tax cuts temporary to limit their long-run effect.
The Trump administration may also encounter resistance from deficit hawks in the Republican Party, many of whom have historically insisted that any tax cuts be “paid for” with spending cuts or increased revenue. The Trump administration will have to convince these Republicans that it would be far better to accept a rising deficit than to risk the wrath of Republican voters by rejecting a massive tax cut for businesses and families.



ARTICLE
The swearing in came after Rosenstein’s confirmation by a 94-6 vote of the full Senate Tuesday. Widely seen as a consensus choice, the now-Deputy AG has served in the Justice Department under both Democratic and Republican presidents as a career civil servant since the 1990s. For the last twelve years, he has been the head federal prosecutor for the State of Maryland. Appointed by President George W. Bush, his reputation for fairness and efficacy contributed to his being kept on by both Presidents Obama and Trump — unusual for U.S. Attorneys.
Sessions was reported to have played a significant role in the selection of Rosenstein by President Donald Trump for this important position. Speaking to a business group Monday, Sessions emphasized the centrality of the Deputy AG position to the effective functioning of the Justice Department and expressed his excitement at Rosenstein’s imminent arrival at DOJ. “That’s the central person in your team,” Sessions said, “Virtually all departments report to the deputy, who manages the department. It’s a powerful position.”
Rosenstein himself spoke to the local Fox affiliate in Baltimore on the afternoon of his swearing in. He acknowledged with dismay the striking rise in violent crime in Baltimore at the very end of his long tenure. “I’m very proud of the work we’ve done on violent crime, but I regret that we’ve lost a lot of ground in the last two years,” he said.
As the U.S. Attorney during the 2015 Freddie Gray riots, which immediately preceded the rise in crime, Rosenstein referred to the lawlessness as a “very bad memory.”
“In 2014, we were once again close to a record low for homicides,” he explained, “And then to see that unrest explode in April, to me was obviously a harbinger of problems to come.”
“What I think we need to do, is look at the conditions today verses the conditions when crime was low and figure out if there was anything we were doing then that we’re no longer doing,” Rosenstein told Fox Baltimore.
He explained that local law enforcement needed to be more “proactive.” Baltimore’s Police Department, like others around the country, has found itself subject to a consent decree mandating federal oversight. Many commentators have raised concerns that this close scrutiny of police conduct is discouraging aggressive policing and allowing crime rates to rise in a “Ferguson Effect.”
Rosenstein’s new boss, Attorney General Sessions, has expressed the same concerns, and has already issued a memo for his deputy to review all Obama-era DOJ actions on local policing.
Rosenstein announced the sentencing in a Baltimore drug and bank fraud conspiracy Tuesday, his last full day as a U.S. Attorney. The next evening he took his spot as the second most powerful man in federal law enforcement.
Trump and Sessions’s pick for the number three position at DOJ, Associate Attorney General, is George W. Bush’s Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Policy and George Mason University law professor Rachel Brand. She has been approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee and is the next Trump administration nominee slated for a vote of the full Senate after Labor Secretary-nominee Alexander Acosta. Acosta is scheduled to receive his vote Thursday morning, and Brand could be confirmed as soon as that afternoon.



ARTICLE
During a speech at the Newseum on Wednesday, Pai said he plans to roll back the net-neutrality regulations and to restore the light-touch regulatory system established by President Clinton and Congressional Republicans by the 1996 Telecommunications Act.
Net neutrality passed under former Democrat Tom Wheeler’s FCC administration in 2010. The rule, known as the Open Internet Order, reclassified the internet as a public monopoly. Critics chided the rule, stating that it would diminish the freedom of the internet. Proponents argue that the regulations prevent Internet service providers from discriminating against content providers.
Chairman Pai said that the internet prospered before net neutrality was enacted. Pai said, “The internet is the greatest free market success in American history.”
Ajit Pai said that repealing net neutrality will boost jobs and increase access to quality internet service to every American. He said, “Without heavy-handed regulations, networks will expand, especially for low-income Americans and in rural areas. More Americans will get to work laying out fiber, setting utility poles, and digging trenches. This all creates jobs.”
Pai explained that Robert McChesney, the founder of Free Press, openly bragged about taking over the internet. He said, “At the moment, the battle over network neutrality is not to eliminate the telephone and cable companies. We are not at that point yet. But the ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in the phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.”
Robert McChesney even said that “In the end, there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.”
To put McChesney’s influence on net neutrality in context, he was cited 46 times in the Obama Net Neutrality order.
Pai suggested that increased regulation of the internet would allow for the government to stifle free speech and even silence conservative voices such as the Drudge Report.
Congressman Greg Walden (R-OR), Senator John Thune (R-SD),  Congressman Marsha Blackburn (R-TN), and Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS) released a statement supporting Chairman Pai’s proposal to rescind Net Neutrality regulations. The statement read:
We have long said that imposing a Depression-era, utility-style regulatory structure onto the internet was the wrong approach, and we applaud Chairman Pai’s efforts to roll back these misguided regulations. Consumers want an open internet that doesn’t discriminate on content and protects free speech and consumer privacy. It’s now time for Republicans and Democrats, internet service providers, edge providers, and the Internet community as a whole to come together and work toward a legislative solution that benefits consumers and the future of the internet.
The FCC will release the full text of their proposal soon, which will be voted on during their May 18 meeting.
The FCC chief finished his speech, saying, “I hope that we looked at Net Neutrality as a temporary aberration. The May 18th meeting will make that prediction a reality and no mistake that this is a fight we will wage and we will win.”



ARTICLE
The Speaker said:
Since President Trump took office, this Congress has sent 29 bills to his desk. That is the most for a president’s first 100 days in office since 1949. Nearly half of these measures are measures to take excessive regulations off the books so we can grow this economy. After years of workers and industries bracing for the next regulatory onslaught,” he added, touting a slew of small bills that use authority from the Congressional Review Act override individual rules or regulations issued by federal agencies. Ryan claimed these fixes would save the economy $67 billion. Cutting back on harmful and unnecessary administrative state regulations was a major theme of Republican campaigning in 2016.
Ryan’s remarks glazed over the stalled GOP efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare. “We will continue to work to keep our promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, so that we can lower costs and create more choices for families,” he said. Ryan’s own attempt to do so, the “American Health Care Act (AHCA),” had to be withdrawn last month after failing to gain enough support, despite ringing endorsements from both Ryan and President Trump.
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH)  indicated later Wednesday that he and the Freedom Caucus — comprised of very conservative House Republicans — would support a version of the AHCA with the key addition of the so-called “MacArthur Amendment,” a proposal from the “Tuesday Group” credited to moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-NJ). The Freedom Caucus was seen as instrumental in the defeat of the first bill. Conservative non-profits Club for Growth and FreedomWorks, also an obstacle in the March attempt, signaled they too would support this version as amended.
Ryan, for his part, expressed his support for the same amendment when asked by reporters. He claimed its approach to allowing states to customize their risk polls would help “lower premiums and protect people with preexisting conditions.”
“That’s exactly at the heart of what the MacArthur Amendment does, and I think it helps us get to consensus,” he said.
Speaker Ryan did discuss efforts at tax reform, something he had previously indicated would be undertaken only after a health care bill had been passed. In response to a question Wednesday, Ryan claimed a tax reform bill would be brought to the floor “as soon as possible.”
On the impending budget bill, which has come under criticism as rumors suggest it will forego funding President Trump’s signature border wall while leaving in place Planned Parenthood funding, Ryan said, “Now it’s just getting down to the final details … we want to get this done on time.”



ARTICLE
The nuclear-capable Minuteman missile was unarmed when it launched at 12:03 a.m. Wednesday from Vandenberg Air Force Base, about 130 miles away from Los Angeles, Fox News reported.
This test is particularly notable in that it occurred amid increasing tensions over North Korea’s nuclear program.
But despite the rising tensions about North Korea, defense officials say the test was in the works for a long time.
“If we had canceled the launch, that would be a story too,” one official told Fox News after being asked about the timing of the test.
The U.S. Air Force has 450 Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missiles in underground silos located at Warren AFB in Wyoming, Malmstrom AFB in Montana, and Minot AFB in North Dakota, according to the Air Force.
A senior military official said that number will be reduced to 400 over the next few years.
The mission’s goal was to test the effectiveness, readiness, and accuracy of the weapon system, Air Force officials said.
It specifically tested the Air Force’s ability to launch the intercontinental ballistic missile from controls in an aircraft, CNN reported.
“Today’s test launch used an intercontinental ballistic missile pulled randomly from a silo on F.E. Warren Air Force Base, which was then transported and reassembled at Vandenberg, and launched by crew members,” the Air Force said in a statement.



ARTICLE
Federal agents would not discuss the nature of the raid, but confirmed that they were “conducting law enforcement activity,” a statement by the FBI revealed. Dannenbaum Engineering Corporation is one of the companies that has been involved in the construction of border barriers and expressed interest in the construction of the border wall.
The engineering company has proposed spending $378.92 million to fill several miles of fence and wall gaps in Hidalgo County, according to previous unrelated reporting from the San Antonio Express-News. Due to the area’s proximity to the river and the need for levees, Dannenbaum’s proposal would add concrete shores and then erect several feet of fencing on top. 
The FBI raids took place at the Dannenbaum Engineering offices in Houston, San Antonio, Laredo, as well as the Laredo City Hall, the Laredo Public Works Office, and some Webb County offices. 
“While we can’t discuss the nature of the work we are doing, there is no public safety threat at the locations where we are present,” the FBI said in their statement about the various raids. In McAllen, Texas, Breitbart Texas witnessed agents going in and out of the Dannenbaum Engineering office carrying boxes and computer equipment. 
The nature of the raids was not revealed by authorities nor available court documents; however, Dannenbaum Engineering  Corp. has a history of being the target of various lawsuits and grand jury investigations in the past. 
In 2005, the Brownsville Navigation District sued Dannenbaum over $21.4 million that the government entity paid to the engineering firm for the construction of an international bridge that was never built, the Brownsville Herald reported at the time. The funds were paid to subcontractors in Mexico that were then funneled to shell companies. 
By 2008, then Cameron County District Attorney Armando Villalobos did not seek to recover the missing funds and signed an agreement with the firm ending the case. The agreement moved forward even after a grand jury had handed down a sealed indictment. FBI agents arrested Villalobos who was eventually convicted of racketeering and extortion in a separate case. In 2014, a federal judge sentenced Villalobos to 13 years in prison.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.
(Disclosure: One of the authors of this piece, Brandon Darby, previously worked with the FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force as a human source and testified on their behalf in a number of federal trials. Darby has been a vocal public advocate for the Special Agents of the FBI and for their use of human sources.)



ARTICLE
According to the Times report:
It was not clear what the language of the executive order would be, or what steps would come next. But an executive order could start a required six-month notification period for withdrawal, during which time talks on renegotiation could be pursued.
Trump harshly criticized NAFTA throughout the 2016 presidential race, calling it, among other things, “one of the worst things that ever happened.” Trump’s election platform included a pledge to exit from or negotiate the terms of the 1994 agreement between the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.
The last week has seen Trump strongly signal he is ready to begin the process of realigning trade within North America. He told the Associated Press Monday that “I am going to either renegotiate it or I am going to terminate it.” Tuesday, Trump announced a tariff of up to 24% on Canadian lumber imports, according to him in retaliation for our northern neighbor’s treatment of American dairy exports.
NAFTA has been a point of political contention ever since negotiations over its creation began under President George H.W. Bush in 1990, taking center stage in the 1992 presidential election with outsider candidate Ross Perot famously telling voters to listen for a “giant sucking sound” of jobs leaving to Mexico. Should Trump issue an executive order threatening withdrawal from NAFTA, it could represent the most significant reform to the organization since it came into effect 24 years ago. During that time, America’s economy has grown by leaps and bounds, but, as President Trump pointed out in his campaign screeds against NAFTA, the same period has seen a significant erosion of the once dominant American manufacturing sector.



ARTICLE
Body cam footage captured Officer Justin Martin running up several flights of stairs at an elderly care home in Hamden before he made his rescue, the Daily Mail reported.

As Martin made it up the last flight of stairs and “burst through the doors,” the video shows an unidentified man running towards the edge of the rooftop, “ready to jump.”
Martin yelled out, “Hey, hey, hey!” as he ran and grabbed the man’s pants just as he began to throw himself over the railing. Martin was able to pull the man back over the railing in time.
“The man continued to fight with the officer during the rescue” but, eventually, the officer was able to calm him down enough to take him to Yale-New Haven Hospital for evaluation, WTIC reported.
Martin was responding to a call at the Whiney Center senior living community for a report of a resident getting into fights with the other residents.
The officer was speaking with staff and the male resident when the resident rushed upstairs, CBS Boston reported.



ARTICLE
The incident occurred in St. Louis around 3:50 a.m.
According to the New York Post, the 35-year-old female clerk stepped outside for a cigarette and an armed suspect allegedly approached and tried to rob her. The female clerk pulled her own gun and the two exchanged fire, with the clerk “[shooting] the [suspect] in the chest, arm, and thigh.”
The suspect–identified only as a 30-year-old male–died later at St. Louis University Hospital.
The female clerk was also wounded, having been shot twice in the leg. She was hospitalized in stable condition.
Co-workers at the 7-Eleven said the female clerk has been with the store for years but now has a new nickname–they are going to call her “She-ro.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Prosecutors charge that Destrehan High School teacher Shelly Dufresne, 34, began a sexual relationship with a player on the school’s football team when he was a 16-year-old student in her English class. The teacher is also accused of escalating the relationship to a threesome with another teacher, 26-year-old Rachel Respess, the New York Post reports.
The now 19-year-old student, whose name has been withheld to protect his privacy, said during the trial that Dufresne approached him in August of 2014. Their relationship quickly went from kissing in the classroom to sexual encounters in the woman’s car.
Investigators say that Dufresne used a fake Facebook account under the name “Madison Mexicano” to arrange meetings with the student. The Facebook account featured an image of the cartoon character Speedy Gonzalez as its profile photo and included the phrase, “I love Mexican boys.” Prosecutors say that phrase was a reference to the student with whom she was involved. The teen testified to being uncomfortable with the phrase because he is half Caucasian.
Dufresne is also accused of using the Facebook account to message the boy about where to meet.
“We had sex in multiple spots: the daiquiri shop in Metairie, off of Carriage Lane (in Destrehan) in a parking lot by some apartments,” the teen said according to the Times-Picayune. “We also had sex in her house in Montz. We had sex right off of Brandon Hall (Drive, also in Destrehan), they have another parking lot. We had sex at (a friend’s) house in the shed in the back house.”
The teen continued to testify that as their relationship evolved, Destrehan introduced him to the second teacher, Rachel Respess. The teen then said that soon they were all having sex together at Respess’s apartment.
“All three of us were in bed together. We all started having sex,” he said at trial.
To prove his experience to his friends, the teen admitted to taking cell phone video of the women as they slept after he had sex with them.
“It was kind of like proof,” the teen said of the video. “I told them about it, but they didn’t believe me.”
The relationship was exposed in October of 2014 after school officials caught wind of the rumors spreading throughout the school and then called police in to investigate.
The teachers’ attorneys insist that the teen should himself be charged with a crime for taking the video without permission.
Dufresne pleaded not guilty to two counts of carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Her trial continues this week and, if convicted, she faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
Respess’s trial has not yet been scheduled.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
The media flip back and forth on who’s to blame for a government shutdown depending on which branch is controlled by Republicans. But the “shutdown” hypothetical in this case is a trick question.
A failure to build the wall IS a government shutdown.
Of course it would be unfortunate if schoolchildren couldn’t visit national parks and welfare checks didn’t get mailed on time. But arranging White House tours isn’t the primary function of the government.
The government’s No. 1 job is to protect the nation.
This has always been true, but it’s especially important at this moment in history, when we have drugs, gang members, diseases and terrorists pouring across our border. The failure of the government to close our border is the definition of a government shutdown.
This isn’t like other shutdowns. Democrats can’t wail about Republicans cutting Social Security or school lunches. They are willing to shut the government down because they don’t want borders.
Take that to the country!
As commander in chief, Trump doesn’t need Congress to build a wall. The Constitution charges him with defending the nation. Contrary to what you may have heard from various warmongers on TV and in Trump’s Cabinet, that means defending ourborders — not Ukraine’s borders.
Building a wall is not only Trump’s constitutional duty, but it’s also massively popular.
Although Trump doesn’t need congressional approval for a wall, it was smart for him to demand a vote. Let the Democrats run for re-election on opposing the wall.
Let Sen. Claire McCaskill explain to the parents of kids killed by illegals that she thought a wall was inhumane.
Let Sen. Angus King say to the people of Maine that instead of a wall that would block heroin from pouring into our country, he thought a better plan was to sponsor a bunch of treatment centers for after your kid is already addicted.
Let Sen. Chuck Schumer tell us why it’s OK for Israel to have a wall, but not us.
Let open borders Republicans like Sen. Marco Rubio tell African-Americans that it’s more important to help illegal aliens than to help black American teenagers, currently suffering a crippling unemployment rate.
Republicans are both corrupt and stupid, so it’s hard to tell which one animates their opposition to the wall. But the Democrats are bluffing. They’re trying to get the GOP to fold before they show us their pair of threes.
Now that Trump has capitulated on even asking for funding for a wall, the Democrats are on their knees saying, “Thank you, God! Thank you, God!”
No politician wants to have to explain a vote against the wall. What the Democrats want is for Trump to be stuck explaining why he didn’t build the wall.
Then it will be a bloodbath. Not only Trump, but also the entire GOP, is dead if he doesn’t build a wall. Republicans will be wiped out in the midterms, Democrats will have a 300-seat House majority, and Trump will have to come up with an excuse for why he’s not running for re-election.
The New York Times and MSNBC are not going to say, “We are so impressed with his growth in office, we’re going to drop all that nonsense about Russia and endorse the Republican ticket!”
No, at that point, Trump will be the worst of everything.
No one voted for Trump because of the “Access Hollywood” tape. They voted for him because of his issues; most prominently, his promise to build “a big beautiful wall.” And who’s going to pay for it? MEXICO!
You can’t say that at every campaign rally for 18 months and then not build a wall.
Do not imagine that a Trump double-cross on the wall will not destroy the Republican Party. Oh, we’ll get them back. No, you won’t. Trump wasn’t a distraction: He was the last chance to save the GOP.
Millions of Americans who hadn’t voted in 30 years came out in 2016 to vote for Trump. If he betrays them, they’ll say, “You see? I told you. They’re all crooks.”
No excuses will work. No fiery denunciations of the courts, the Democrats or La Raza will win them back, even if Trump comes up with demeaning Twitter names for them.
It would be an epic betrayal — worse than Bush betraying voters on “no new taxes.” Worse than LBJ escalating the Vietnam War. There would be nothing like it in the history of politics.
He’s the commander in chief! He said he’d build a wall. If he can’t do that, Trump is finished, the Republican Party is finished, and the country is finished.



ARTICLE
U.S. District Judge William Orrick III, of the Northern District of California, ruled against the Trump administration after the city of San Francisco and county of Santa Clara sued over the president’s plan to withhold federal funding from cities or counties that harbor illegal aliens, Fox News reported.
Judge Orrick said that Trump’s order targeted broad categories of federal funding for sanctuary governments, and that plaintiffs challenging the order were likely to succeed in proving it unconstitutional.
Orrick’s decision will block Trump’s executive order for now, while the federal lawsuit makes its way through the courts.
The judge not only raised $200,000 for Obama in 2008, but he also raised $30,000 to committees supporting the former president that year.
The Federalist reported that the same judge issued a restraining order in 2015 against the Center for Medical Progress, the advocacy group responsible for undercover videos that reportedly showed Planned Parenthood employees planning to sell baby organs.



ARTICLE
This, even after the stunning upset in last year’s elections by the juggernaut presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump, who won the presidency on a clarion vow to voters that he would once and for all build a wall along the border. Mr. Trump’s historic upset came after years and years of both Democrat and Republican politicians talking tough about illegal immigration and promising to crack down on the porous border, yet refusing to actually fix the problem.
Because they are politicians. If you fix the problem, then you can no longer campaign on the problem.
Despite the clear message from voters last year, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi dismisses the wall as “immoral, expensive and unwise.”
Her comment made history as the moment Nancy Pelosi finally discovered morality. Also noteworthy is that it was the first time Nancy Pelosi has every found anything to be too “expensive” to stick to the poor, innocent American taxpayer.
As for her mention of wisdom? Well, clearly, that was some kind of typo or another one of her random brain sizzles.
It wasn’t so long ago that Ms. Pelosi’s fellow Democrats were all for the immoral and expensive. Her party’s last two standard-bearers — former President Barack Obama and twice-failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton — both voted in favor of the so-called “Secure Fence Act of 2006.”
After passing the construction of that barrier into law, Congress balked at actually paying for it and ultimately scrapped much of it in favor of — well, whatever the White House felt like doing.
Under former President Bush and then President Obama, that wasn’t much.
Since then, problems at the border have only grown worse.
Today, there are untold millions of illegal aliens in the United States, including many who are criminals. “Bad hombres,” Mr. Trump calls them.
Increasingly, we hear reports of staggering violence committed by the international gang MS-13, made up primarily of illegal aliens from Central America. These vicious thugs peddle the drugs across the border and import slavery in the form of human trafficking. The violence they are capable of is beyond the imagination of civilized people.
To be sure, these gangs got much stronger under Mr. Obama. Throughout his entire presidency, the U.S. border had a giant blinking neon “WELCOME” sign, encouraging men, women, children and criminals to storm across the border.
This beefed up the ranks of MS-13 and led to who knows how many crimes against Americans.
Everyone remembers Kate Steinle, the 32-year-old killed two years ago while walking along a pier with her family in San Francisco. Charged with her murder was an illegal from Mexico who had been deported five times.
It is a fair question: How many Kate Steinles are there? The answer is maddening: We have no idea.
That is because the federal government, which keeps records of how many toilets every citizen has in their homes, does not keep track of how many Americans are killed by illegal aliens who are supposed to be kept out of the country by said federal government.
Such information is scattered, and federal bureaucrats are shockingly incurious about compiling that information. Any information they do have is not shared with the public.
“During the Obama administration, it seemed to be very intentional. The numbers were hidden,” explained Timothy Lyng, president of The Remembrance Project, a group dedicated to giving voice to the victims killed by illegals.
But there is hope. President Trump says he remains committed to building the wall. Already, he has done more than the last five presidents and 40 years of Congresses to fix the problem.
Just since taking office, border crossings have plummeted by an unthinkable 70 percent or more.
Mr. Trump has earned the credibility to get the money he wants for the wall from a Congress that has proved itself utterly incompetent when it comes to fixing the border.
• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.



ARTICLE
“Sobering briefing,” tweeted Sen. Steve Daines (R-MT) after the briefing, hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats. The President also briefly attended the event.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) called it an “important” meeting. “We will never accept North Korea as a legitimate nuclear weapons power,” he tweeted.

Just returned to Capitol.  Sobering briefing. https://t.co/rk2m2VHP9m
— Steve Daines (@SteveDaines) April 26, 2017


Just attended important @WhiteHouse meeting on #NorthKorea. We will never accept North Korea as a legitimate nuclear weapons power.
— Senator Rubio Press (@SenRubioPress) April 26, 2017

Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) told NBC News that North Korea’s “capacity is increasing and has increased significantly.”
After the meeting, Tillerson, Mattis, and Coats released a statement, calling North Korea’s pursuit of nuclear weapons an “urgent national security threat and top foreign policy priority”:

Today, along with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joe Dunford, we briefed members of Congress on the review. The president’s approach aims to pressure North Korea into dismantling its nuclear, ballistic missile, and proliferation programs by tightening economic sanctions and pursuing diplomatic measures with our allies and regional partners.

The statement said the administration is “engaging responsible members of the international community” – a veiled reference to China – to increase pressure on North Korea to de-escalate and return to the “path of dialogue.” 
The statement also emphasized that the U.S. favors diplomacy over military action, but added that it remained “prepared to defend” itself and allies.

The United States seeks stability and the peaceful denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. We remain open to negotiations towards that goal.  However, we remain prepared to defend ourselves and our allies.

Just weeks after Trump took office, North Korea test-fired a medium-range ballistic missile, on February 11. The regime then launched four ballistic missiles on March 6. On April 5, it launched another missile.
The tests, in defiance of international law, show progress in North Korea’s illicit nuclear weapons program. Earlier this year, North Korea fired a missile using solid fuel, which makes it harder to detect before launch.
North Korea’s leader Kim Jong-un has vowed to obtain a nuclear weapon that can hit the U.S. homeland, and Trump has warned that it will not happen during his watch.
The White House meeting was highly atypical. In the previous administration, the White House would often send senior officials to Capitol Hill to brief lawmakers, as opposed to inviting them to the White House.
While some critics argued the briefings were little more than a photo opportunity, others – including Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) –  praised the White House for inviting both Democrats and Republicans to the briefing, and for trying to engage with senators.

Senate Armed Services Committee member @sendavidperdue's statement on White House #NorthKorea meeting: pic.twitter.com/hHf8QTqEVY
— Kristina Wong (@kristina_wong) April 26, 2017

Sen. Roger Wicker (R-MS), after the meeting, also praised the president, saying he “deserves credit for updating the entire Senate.”
“The Administration’s decision to hold this top-secret briefing at the White House indicates the seriousness of the threat,” he said in a statement.
Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) called North Korea a “grave” and “urgent threat.”
Democrats were more critical. Sen. Ed Markey (D-MA) said on NBC News it was “heartening” that there was more talk about diplomacy, but said it was in the context of more U.S. military exercises in the region and expressed concern about an “accidental war.”
After the Senate meeting was announced, the White House decided to hold a briefing for members of the House, but at the Capitol.
Senators were bussed over to the briefing, which took place in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House grounds.
The meeting occurred as the U.S. continued to deploy parts of a missile defense system to South Korea, known as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD). U.S. Pacific Command Commander Adm. Harry Harris said earlier in the day that the system would be operational “in the coming days.”
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) after the meeting tweeted that it was “time to re-list” North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, following a Reuters report saying that the administration was considering doing so. 

N Korea utilizes terrorism & funds terrorists. Time to re-list as state sponsor of terrorism as called for in S. 672 https://t.co/8eozIr7VbG
— Senator Ted Cruz (@SenTedCruz) April 26, 2017




ARTICLE
A new Gallup poll shows Trump’s favorable rating stands at 40 percent, one percentage point above 39 percent for House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI).
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer’s favorable rating is eight percentage points lower than Ryan’s at 31 percent.
But the honor for having the lowest rating goes to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), which stands at 27 percent.
“As the possibility of a government shutdown looms, fewer than one in three Americans view either party’s U.S. Senate leader favorably,” Gallup reported on Wednesday. “Although both men have been prominent figures in Congress for decades, roughly a third of Americans don’t know either well enough to have an opinion.”
The Gallup data, collected in an April 5-9 poll, marks the first time Gallup has measured Schumer’s popularity and notes that his 31 percent matches the same number for McConnell when he was first rated in 2010.
“McConnell’s image has been consistently less positive than that in polls since then, with his favorable rating ranging mostly in the 20s — and his 18% favorable in 2015 marking a low for the majority leader. Since 2013, Americans have consistently been more likely to have an unfavorable view of McConnell,” Gallup reported.
Gallup reports that Ryan’s’s popularity has declined by almost 10 percentage points since the failure of the American Health Care Act — from 48 percent in November 2016 to 39 percent in April.
“Ryan is not alone in low ratings among House leadership,” Gallup reported. “Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, currently has a 34% favorable rating and a 48% unfavorable rating — slightly worse than Ryan’s.”
This week Ryan’s popularity will face new challenges as the House weighs in on Trump’s tax reform proposal and funding the government.
“A key to Ryan’s survival as speaker will be in maintaining GOP support in Congress, something that Boehner was unable to do,” Gallup reported.



ARTICLE
The statements were made by Rep. Hurd on Fox Business’s Mornings with Maria. He stated, “In certain places on the border … and Border Patrol, when their response time to a problem at the border is measured in hours to days, then a wall isn’t a physical barrier ….’ The congressman discussed the remoteness of much of the roughly 800 miles of border in his 23rd Congressional District.

Rep. Hurd’s district stretches along the border from near Eagle Pass, Texas, in the Del Rio Sector through El Paso, Texas, encompassing a portion of the El Paso Sector. His district faces multiple Mexican transnational criminal organizations (cartels) ranging from Los Zetas in the east to La Linea or the Juarez Cartel in the west. Factions of the Sinaloa Federation operate in between.
Border Patrol Agent Lee Smith, speaking to Breitbart Texas in his role as president of Local 2509 of the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC), discussed working in the remote Big Bend region Rep. Hurd spoke of. Agent Smith stated, “It sometimes does take us hours upon hours to reach certain regions in our sector. Rep. Hurd represents 800 miles of the border. My sector, Big Bend, contains roughly 500 of those 800 miles.”
The Big Bend Sector is the least secured section of U.S.-Mexico border. One agent in the region told Breitbart Texas that there are places that do not have sensors or cameras that agents are unable to patrol for days at a time, thus showing that the U.S. government has no knowledge as to what may occur in those areas.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Justin Lampkins, 25, was waiting in line at the drive-thru with his friends inside a truck when the veteran got involved in a fight and was shot, WTHR reported.
Police say the veteran was involved in the fight after someone honked the horn in the line and suspect Evan Schaffer, 22, allegedly got out of the line and punched Lampkins.
Police are not sure who honked the horn.
“The victim shoved the accused back, the accused then presented a handgun,” Joe DeWees, Bedford assistant police chief, told WTHR.
Schaffer then allegedly shot the victim in the chest before he fled the scene. Lampkins was taken to the hospital, where he later died, according to the Bedford Police Department’s Facebook page.
Authorities arrested Schaffer Sunday and charged him Monday with murder and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon.
“It’s a senseless act to kill somebody over a horn,” DeWees said. “This is one of the most senseless, senseless acts I have ever seen.”
WISH reported that Lampkins served four years in the Marines.



ARTICLE
The nation’s largest organization of pro-life youth promoted its #Sockit2PP campaign in which students have been collecting baby socks for the past month. SFLA hopes to eventually collect 323,999 baby socks, to represent the number of abortions performed by Planned Parenthood last year.
“We’ve had students from California to Texas to Georgia collect and mail us baby socks to present to Congress to show that this generation wants to defund Planned Parenthood,” SFLA president Kristan Hawkins said in a statement. “They expect our elected officials to keep the promises they made during the election.”
Hawkins said the socks campaign serves as a reminder to America’s lawmakers that Planned Parenthood is “the nation’s largest vendor of abortions.”
“There is no excuse for the government to keep funding Planned Parenthood,” she said. “These socks represent all the women betrayed by the abortion industry and their preborn babies who will never be able to wear the baby socks because of Planned Parenthood.”
Among the speakers at the rally was Republican Sen. Ben Sasse (NE).
Observing the massive display of baby socks, Sasse said, “We need to have images like this so people start to reflect on the magnitude of the suffering that’s happening out there.”

Let's fund life-affirming women’s health providers without sending taxpayer dollars to abortion businesses. https://t.co/cRLgWFNDRA pic.twitter.com/SmcLhJLEYQ
— Senator Ben Sasse (@SenSasse) March 30, 2017

“Our movement is not primarily about legislation,” the senator continued. “Our movement is not primarily about compulsion. This movement is not primarily about power. It’s about celebrating human dignity, and talking about the gift of life.”
Sasse, the lead sponsor in the Senate of the Born Alive Act – which seeks to protect babies born alive during abortion – condemned the action of Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez, who announced there is no room for pro-lifers in his party.
“America exists to fight for the most vulnerable,” Sasse said, noting that Perez says on his Twitter account that he is “fighting for the little guy.”
“That shouldn’t be a Republican or a Democratic proposition,” he explained. “That should be an American proposition, and that should be a human proposition.”
Sasse said that while multiple “legislative conversations” must happen, “the first thing we should try to do is persuade our brothers and sisters to look at the gift of life and the glories of what is actually happening within a womb, and the truth about the fact that that baby has dignity.”



ARTICLE
Murphy specifically cites the heinous December 14, 2012, attack in gun-free Sandy Hook Elementary School, focusing the amount of physical damage the gunman inflicted on his 26 victims in “just five minutes” without any armed resistance.
The Sandy Hook Advisory Commission report, the official incident report compiled and transmitted to Gov. Dannel Malloy (D), indicates that the gunman actually had more than nine minutes without armed resistance. In other words, the criminal who entered gun-free Sandy Hook had nearly ten minutes in which he did not have to be in a hurry or worry about anyone shooting back.
Murphy claims the victims in such gun-free zones prove the need to pass even more gun control.
He writes:
It’s not often that Members of Congress are brought in close to the trauma of gun violence. We don’t have to stand in the emergency room as gunshot victims are rushed in. We don’t have to wake up in the middle of the night reliving the painful aftermath of a mass shooting. Far too many of my colleagues believe that tweeting out our thoughts and prayers is sufficient.
Murphy bemoans the fact that Sen. Joe Manchin’s (D-WV) post-Sandy Hook gun control push for universal background checks was defeated and adds:
In the four and a half years since Sandy Hook, Congress hasn’t passed a single measure that would make the next mass shooting or the next murder of kids in this country less likely. The American public has made up its mind that they want a background check system that isn’t full of holes. They want to make sure that everybody who buys a gun through a commercial sale has to prove that they’re not a criminal before they buy it. They want to crack down on illegal gun purchases and on the military-style weapons and ammunition that facilitate the murder of dozens of innocent people in a matter of minutes. Congress has responded with total, unconscionable deafening silence.
We literally already have the very system Murphy is suggesting. Since 1998, every retail, or “commercial,” gun sale has required a background check, yet those checks have proven no hindrance for determined attackers.
For example, here are just a few of the mass public attackers who acquired their guns via background checks:
Background checks look backward. They check for a criminal history, and if there is no criminal history, the person planning a crime will be able to pass the background check and acquire a gun. Background checks do not stop latent criminals, only actual ones. Moreover, other attackers, such as the one at Sandy Hook, bypass the system by stealing guns.
If Democrats really want to focus on something that will make schools like Sandy Hook safer, they should push to eliminate the one thing that is all too often a commonality in mass attacks–namely, gun-free zones. It was Sandy Hook’s gun-free zone status that gave the attacker more than nine minutes without any armed resistance.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
However, the Manhattan-based Brennan Center tried to bury the growing pile of corpses—including many African-Americans—from public view by claiming there is no “national crime wave.”
“[A]lthough there are some troubling increases in crime in specific cities, there is no evidence of a national crime wave,” says the report, which artificially segregates a series of cities with large African-American populations—such as Chicago, Baltimore, Washington, D.C.—from the rest of the nation.
Murder rose in 2015 13.2 percent, the Center admits, while in 2016 it rose 14 percent. Combined, that’s almost a 30 percent jump in deaths during Obama’s last two years.
The Center’s report is being touted by the establishment media as evidence that President Donald Trump is wrong about rising crime—and is pushing a “law and order” agenda is not only unnecessary but veiled bigotry. (The Washington Post headlined an article by Jennifer Rubin about the report as: “Here’s proof that Trump is ignorant and deluded about crime,” for example.)
But there’s plenty of data to explain the Brennan Center’s admission about murder rates.
A survey published by the Major Cities Chiefs Association (MCCA) found that 2,308 murders were committed in their cities during the first half of 2016, compared 2,001 in the first half of 2015, which was a significant 15 percent increase. In 2015, the association reported 6,192 murders in their cities, up by 837 from 2014. That increased 2015 murder rate added roughly 300 dead to the first six months of 2016—and the 307 deaths included 2016’s increase created a total estimated death toll of roughly 1,500 dead Americans since 2014 after the Ferguson riots. Yet Obama declared himself satisfied with the nation’s crime rate—claiming “crime remains near historic lows” and he rightfully “used my clemency power to a degree unmatched in modern history to address unfairness in the federal system” to reduce the federal prison population while conducting a “stigmatize-and-federalize” campaign against local law enforcement.
The FBI’s report on 2015 crime rates found that murder increased 10.8 percent from 2014 to 2015, the largest increase in a single year since 1971. A February analysis conducted by the Economist stated that the murder rate is rising at the swiftest pace in many years, consuming the lives of hundreds while devastating American families and communities.
The admission by the Brennan Center comes as public opposition has killed its lobbying campaign to reduce criminal penalties.
“To its credit, the Brennan Center makes little effort to hide its biases—that it favors the interests of criminal defendants while taking a skeptical if not sometimes harshly critical view of police and prosecutors,” former federal prosecutor Bill Otis told Breitbart News.
“The Center is operated out of Manhattan, and has the sophisticated leadership one would expect. It understands that the large scale sentencing reduction programs it favors—but masks with the opaque term ‘sentencing reform’—are likely to be a harder sell in Congress if the public understands that violent crime is rising.”
“After all, reducing sentences for drug traffickers is likely to be an uphill climb when it is widely known that heroin overdose deaths are spiking to crisis levels (which, regrettably, they are), or that the violence correctly understood to be a handmaiden of drug dealing is on the rise,” he added. “It is thus in the Center’s interests to put the best face on recent crime figures.”
The Center, Otis noted, insists that because crime has decreased overall—due to stricter sentencing procedures—there is no long-term rise in crime happening: “Crime has dropped precipitously in the last quarter-century. While crime may fall in some years and rise in others, annual variations are not indicative of long-term trends. While murder rates have increased in some cities, this report finds no evidence that the hard-won public safety gains of the last two and a half decades are being reversed.”
“The ironies here are delicious,” Otis said:
“As the Brennan Center knows, the ‘hard-won public safety gains’ it mentions came about for a reason. To a large extent, they came about because of a generation’s worth of big changes in public policy the Center fought tooth and nail, and is still fighting—such things as a surge in the number of police; more aggressive and proactive policing strategies, including stop-and-frisk; statutes reining in the power of naive or ideological judges; and a significant increase in the use of incarceration. Accordingly, the shrewd thing to do is what the Center does—present an ominous crime picture in a gauzy and minimizing way. Unfortunately, the thousands of additional victims of violent crime our country has accumulated over the last two years do not have that luxury.
The Center gives a backhanded acknowledgement to this troubling fact when, considerably further down in its report, it buries these two short sentences:
With violence at historic lows, modest increases in the murder rate may appear large in percentage terms. Similarly, murder rates in the 30 largest cities increased by 13.2 percent in 2015 and an estimated 14 percent in 2016.
How’s that? In our 30 largest cities (where the African American population is heavily concentrated) crime the murder rate rose by more than a quarter in the space of just two years?
The Center points to no other two-year period in our more than 200 year history in which the murder rate has risen that fast. The well regarded (and by no means conservative) site FiveThirtyEight puts it more bluntly:
‘Murder almost certainly increased substantially in the U.S. in 2016, one year after it rose at its fastest pace in a quarter century.'”
The 2016 crime statistics will not be officially released until nine months from now, Otis said, “but data from individual police departments indicates that murder rose in most of the country’s biggest cities in 2016, in some cases dramatically.”
“Because a large share of murders take place in big cities, a substantial increase there means that the country’s overall murder total almost certainly rose as well,” he added.
But President Donald Trump’s popular law-and-order agenda, and U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ spirited reformation of the former Obama administration’s lax policies in the face of rising crime, may yet roll back the rising murder rate and prevent the deaths of many more Americans, including African-Americans living in many major cities. Sessions has directed the 94 federal U.S. Attorney’s Offices to work with state and local law enforcement to “specifically identify the criminals responsible for significant violent crime in their districts” and to seek mandatory minimum sentences in order to reverse the tide of violent crime.



ARTICLE
From the Hill:
The reports of Steve Bannon’s demise have been greatly over-exaggerated.
The media has pilloried Steve Bannon to the point of utter exhaustion, both ours and theirs apparently. After a solid month of insisting that Bannon and his brand of economic nationalism were on the way out of the White House, he remains in place, and the president continues to emphasize the themes that won him the election in November — much to the consternation of the Washington opinion-making set whose reputation depends upon the presumption that they have an inside line to the inner workings of power in the nation’s capital.
The mainstream media spin on Bannon’s loss of influence and relevance has been achieved primarily by glossing over inconsistencies in their own narrative about his role and influence in the White House, and, more insidiously, by introducing into their narrative a total caricature of the “America First” themes whose political resonance they have so badly underestimated.
For the rest of the article, click here.



ARTICLE
“I will say this: I think the table has been set,” Schweizer said. “The tone I think has been very, very good. The Washington establishment is often obsessed with the notion of things running smoothly, and why are things not running smoothly. The problem with that is, it’s kind of akin to saying ‘my car is running well’ as we drive over the cliff.”
“You don’t want things to run smoothly if bad decisions and bad leadership is occurring, and that’s what we’ve had for a long time,” he continued. “So I like very much the tone that has been set, that business as usual is not good for the country, that there needs to be change, that there’s rampant corruption and self-dealing. The tone has been very good.”
“In the first hundred days, there has not been a lot of movement in terms of legislation or actions that need to be taken,” he added. “The president has instituted this policy where there’s a ban on lobbying if you serve in the Trump administration. Great idea in theory; the reality is, it’s not really a law, it really can’t be enforced, somebody can ignore it when they leave.”
“My hope is that we’re going to see, in combination with people in the Freedom Caucus and other reformers, working with this administration to really get at the root of the business model of official Washington,” said Schweizer. 
“What I always tell people is, if you don’t like the decisions that are being made and you feel like Washington, DC, is unresponsive to you, chances are it’s because somebody is being paid off or palms are being greased. The reason we don’t have representative government is because we have corruption, and we have payoffs. That’s really the root cause, in my mind, of a lot of the issues we’re talking about today,” he said.
Schweizer said there are “a number of reforms that have been floating out there for a couple of years” that would help to drain the swamp.
“Some of them have been pushed by guys like Sen. Rand Paul, others of them going back 20 years,” he said. “One of them I think would be term limits. I was not a big fan of term limits. I think term limits now are a great idea for Congress. It’s the way you get entrenched people out of there, and I think nobody is irreplaceable.”
“The second thing is, you need to have a lifetime ban on lobbying by members of Congress when you leave, and you need to have a ban on lobbying by immediate family members,” he continued. “The third reform that I think would be very helpful is one that Rand Paul has pushed, which is a single-subject requirement.”  
“One of the ways in which they hide a lot of nasty things in legislation is, there will be a big highway bill, and they will insert some obscure language; two or three sentences is sometimes all it takes, and it could be related on a totally different subject,” Schweizer explained. “They insert it into the bill, and then, lo and behold, everybody realizes after that transportation bill becomes law that there was some boondoggle inserted. Under a single-subject rule, you could not attach unrelated issues, or embed them or amend them, to complex pieces of legislation.” “Those three things – term limits, a ban on lobbying by congressmen and their family members, and single-subject ruling – I think would be very powerful in getting started this process of draining the swamp,” he recommended.
Schweizer gave the media a poor grade overall for monitoring Washington corruption during the Obama years, although he acknowledged there are “some great reporters out there that do work individually.”
“The large news organizations, I think either some of them certainly had an ideological or philosophical predilection to support Barack Obama. I think second of all when you did have honest news outlets and honest reporters, there’s the resource issue. They just aren’t willing to spend money on it. But the third issue is this issue of transparency,” he said.
“Look, I’ve been critical, I think, that the Trump administration should not stop releasing the White House visitor logs. I think that is a transparency issue that’s a good thing,” Schweizer said. “Yes, I know that in the Obama administration, if somebody in the White House wanted to meet with a lobbyist, instead of doing it in the White House where it would be logged, they would go across the street in a coffee shop, so there are ways around it. But I do think it’s important for there to be transparencies, so I would urge the Trump administration to reverse itself on that issue.” 
He said there was “positive work being done by the Trump administration” in the area of regulatory reform.
“This problem of transparency is a vital one. The reason that bills are so complex, or regulations put out by the EPA are so complex, is because people get paid for complexity,” said Schweizer. “This is a business model. It’s not just about liberals at the EPA who want to control people’s lives. It’s about people who work for the EPA who know that if you make a regulation complex and hard to understand, the person that wrote that can quit their job and get a very, very lucrative consulting career, by being hired by companies to comply with the rules the wrote. That’s another area where we have this problem of the revolving door where reform needs to occur.” 
“It begins with transparency. It’s like having good intelligence on the battlefield. You can’t know precisely how to respond to the enemy unless you know where the enemy is lurking. That’s what transparency allows us to do with corruption – find out where it’s lurking,” he said.
“I hope on the area of transparency, where it comes to the big infrastructure projects, we’re going to see transparency, and we’re going to really see a commitment to making sure that the infrastructure projects being done reflect the interests of the country,” Schweizer said. “I’m somebody who believes that spending money on infrastructure is a legitimate action for the government. This is part of the nerve system of the country.” 
“The problem is that things like the Transportation Committee in the House of Representatives, these massive infrastructure projects often are designed not so much to meet the infrastructure needs of the country, but to line the pockets of the supporters of the politicians who are crafting and designing these projects,” he warned. 
“I think the infrastructure project is important. I think it’s going to be helpful to the country. I think it’s something that’s long overdue, having driven roads all around the United States. I think we’re all aware of the shortcomings there. But again, it’s going to be crucial how it’s done,” he said. 
“This is a classic problem in Washington, DC,” Schweizer recalled. “You go back and you look at Ronald Reagan, you look at FDR. It’s not just a question of having a certain idea we’re going to implement and do this, it’s how it’s implemented. So often, presidents get tripped up because the Deep State, or the permanent political class, essentially hijacks the project and says, ‘Yeah, we think infrastructure’s a great idea. We’re now going to use this massive program to serve our terrific purposes and to help our people, rather than really design something for the benefit of the country.’” 
“I think infrastructure’s important, and I’m hopeful that we’re going to have sufficient transparency so it’s not hijacked by the permanent political class,” he stressed.
Peter Schweizer is a senior Editor-at-Large for Breitbart News, president of the Government Accountability Institute, and author of best-selling books such as Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
The proposal reduces the number of individual income tax brackets to three–10 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent. It would double the standard deduction, effectively eliminating federal income taxes on the first $24,000 of a couple’s income. It also calls for the elimination of the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax. The White House also said that families would receive a break for child care expenses.
As a result of these changes, the tax burden on most Americans would be reduced under the plan.
The Trump administration would eliminate most itemized tax deductions except for the deductions for mortgage interest and charitable donations. Notably, taxpayers would not be able to deduct state and local taxes, which hurts residents of high-tax states such as New York and California. Lower tax rates, however, make these deductions less valuable.
The corporate tax rate would fall to 15 percent from 35 percent. In addition, U.S. companies would owe little or no tax on future profits earned outside the U.S., putting the U.S. on a territorial tax system similar to those employed in most developed countries. Business income reported on individual returns would also drop to 15 percent, a change that would benefit many small businesses.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and White House economics adviser Gary Cohn set forth the framework at a White House press conference on Wednesday. The proposals bear a strong resemblance to those set forth by the Trump campaign last year.
Many details will still have to be worked out and negotiated with Congress. The proposal did not go into specifics about the child care credit, for example. Nor did it spell out how stockpiled foreign earnings of U.S. companies would be treated if repatriated.



ARTICLE
The Freedom Caucus was a key voice against the bill introduced by the Republican leadership last month, causing House Speaker Paul Ryan to pull the bill from consideration. But since Ryan’s failure to pass the bill, Republicans have been negotiating amendments to make it more attractive to conservatives.
Days ago House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC) told Breitbart News that he expected an Obamacare repeal bill to pass by the end of May, and now the group has announced its support of the newest measure.

NEWS: Freedom Caucus announces support for AHCA with Rep. MacArthur's amendment included. Statement: https://t.co/MD3NXpiPQ8
— House Freedom Caucus (@freedomcaucus) April 26, 2017

The group said in a Wednesday press release:
Over the past couple of months, House conservatives have worked tirelessly to improve the American Health Care Act (AHCA) to make it better for the American people. Due to improvements to the AHCA and the addition of Rep. Tom MacArthur’s proposed amendment, the House Freedom Caucus has taken an official position in support of the current proposal.
The MacArthur amendment will grant states the ability to repeal cost driving aspects of Obamacare left in place under the original AHCA. While the revised version still does not fully repeal Obamacare, we are prepared to support it to keep our promise to the American people to lower healthcare costs. We look forward to working with our Senate colleagues to improve the bill. Our work will continue until we fully repeal Obamacare.

We will work with our Senate colleagues to improve the AHCA. Our work will continue until we fully repeal Obamacare. https://t.co/MD3NXpiPQ8
— House Freedom Caucus (@freedomcaucus) April 26, 2017

Liberals in the U.S. Senate have vowed to oppose any moves to change Obamacare. New Jersey Democrat Senator Chris Murphy’s reaction was representative of that sentiment when he called the Republican bill a “dumpster fire” early in March.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
1. Talking about “the wall” or “a wall” when even Trump acknowledges that the reality is “portions of a wall” will be built.
Whether it is Texas Representative Will Hurd continuously talking about the ineffectiveness of a wall from sea to shining sea, or President Trump himself continuously talking about “the wall,” leaders with platforms do a disservice to the public with such terms and phrases. President Trump has continuously asserted that only portions of physical barriers are needed on the U.S.-Mexico border. No one is actually attempting to build a wall from “sea to shining sea.”
2. Talking about “the border” as though it is one monolithic region with similar needs and circumstances across the entire nine U.S. border sectors.
Texas Representative Beto O’Rourke has asserted that “the border is safe,” even if though this is an untrue assertion when applied to the entire border. Anyone who has comprehensive knowledge about the nine sectors of the southwest border knows that some areas are safe and many are not. Texas Representative Will Hurd also falls into this trap frequently. His district contains nearly 800 miles of Texas border, most of these 800 miles are remote and technology would work fine –in most of his district. A large portion of his district has sheer cliffs, therefore already possessing the physical barriers needed to have a more secure border and other areas have fencing that amount to a de facto wall. The remoteness of much of his district means that U.S. authorities would have a long time to hunt down border-crossers before they reached a U.S. community. This is simply not the case with other areas along the U.S.-Mexico border. Representative Hurd does a disservice by not acknowledging that some areas along the border actually do need physical barriers and that those areas are nothing like his district.
3. Giving puff tours of more secure sections of the border and portraying that more secure areas are representative of the border as a whole.
Again, we go to Texas Representative Hurd. He routinely gives “bipartisan” border tours. Sadly, he brings his guests to El Paso, Texas. This city already has heavy border security and a Trumpian fencing system that is a de facto wall. By taking people to one of the cities on the border with the most border security, it gives the false impression that the security measures are somehow representative of the border as a whole. This is why then-President Barack Obama visited El Paso and used it to dupe the public on border security. He insisted that Americans look how secure “the border” was and then mocked anyone wanting more security by asking if they needed to see alligators and a moat to finally be satisfied.
Representative Hurd has great ideas on securing portions of the border, unfortunately he does not clarify that his ideas are insufficient when applied to the border as a whole. A de facto wall has worked well in his district’s El Paso and Americans in other urban areas along the border deserve the same security his constituents receive — security they are less likely to receive if the congressman does not begin to offer more facts in his public advocacy against physical barriers along the border.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.



ARTICLE
This report covers Breitbart News’ first 100 days scorecard on the pledge Trump made to combat terrorism.
While he has kept most of his promises, a few undertakings still linger unaccomplished.
As Breitbart News’ Kristina Wong reported this week, experts, such as retired Army Lt. Gen. Thomas Spoehr from the Heritage Foundation, believe President Trump is making good on his promise to fight terrorism so far in his first 100 days.
Promise Kept: Develop a Plan to Defeat the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) Within 30 Days
Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis was the first member of President Trump’s cabinet confirmed, becoming secretary of defense just hours after the Republican commander-in-chief took office.
On January 28, President Trump officially directed the Pentagon chief to develop a plan to annihilate ISIS within 30 days.
Secretary Mattis delivered on February 27, submitting a preliminary plan to the commander-in-chief that the Pentagon has drawn up in coordination with interagency partners. The head of U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM), charged with American military operations in the Middle East, parts of North Africa, and Afghanistan, will execute the plan.
Citing a senior White House official, Breitbart News reported this month that “the plan is in its final stages of planning.”
Promise Kept: “Bomb the Shit Out” of ISIS
Under Trump, the top commander of American and NATO forces in Afghanistan dropped the most powerful non-nuclear bomb, dubbed the “mother of all bombs,” on ISIS targets in Afghanistan, killing more than 90 jihadists.
The 21,600 pound, officially named the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB), has the capability to demolish everything within one square mile.
Moreover, as noted by Breitbart News earlier this week: The number of strikes targeting ISIS’ shrinking caliphate in Iraq and Syria “reached a record high in March since the U.S.-led air war began in 2014 — 3,878, according to statistics released periodically by U.S. Central Command.”
Promise Kept: “Call for an International Conference” to Halt the Spread of Radical Islam 
Between March 22 and 23, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson headed a meeting in Washington, D.C. of ministers from 68 nations focussed on defeating ISIS.
Unclear: Promise to Bring Back Waterboarding 
Soon after his inauguration, President Trump told ABC News he was willing to reauthorize waterboarding as a form of interrogation because it “absolutely” works, adding that he would ultimately defer to Mattis, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, and other members of his team on whether or not his administration will use the tactic.



ARTICLE
Senior Department of Education official Rob Goad told journalists Trump would sign an order that “delivers on his commitment to ensure education decisions are made by those closest to students.”
“Since our founding, education was intended to be under state and local control,” he continued. “In recent years, however, too many in Washington have advanced topdown mandates that take away autonomy and limit the options available to educators, administrators, and parents.”
Goad said the order would put “an end to this overreach,” and turn education decision-making back to local leaders.
“This EO takes the next needed step toward identifying and eliminating D.C.-driven regulations that attempt to control what students are or aren’t taught,” he said. “Over the next 300 days, this executive order directs Secretary DeVos to review and, if necessary, modify and repeal regulations and guidance issued by the Department of Education with a clear mandate to identify places where D.C. has overstepped its legal authority.”
The federal education department’s regulatory review task force is expected to oversee the process, “and work with the public to help determine which regulations are inconsistent with federal law.” Goad said Bob Eitel, an attorney who was recently hired as senior counsel to DeVos, would lead the regulatory review.
In response to questions from journalists, Goad said after the 300-day period, findings would be reported to the White House, followed by a report made to the public.
“One such study is unlikely to have a dramatic impact on K-12 education policy,” establishment education media Education Week reports about the study directed by the executive order. “But the directive is a way for the Trump administration to make it clear it supports local control of schools.”
The Education Week report further states:
The executive order also seems to be a not-so-veiled shot at the Obama administration, which used $4 billion in Race to the Top funding to entice states to adopt the Common Core State Standards, teacher evaluations using test scores, and more. President Barack Obama’s education department also offered states waivers from many mandates of the much-maligned No Child Left Behind Act, in exchange for adopting other policies, such as using dramatic strategies to turnaround low-performing schools.
The executive order comes as many grassroots parent and teacher activists who have been battling Common Core in their states have expressed disappointment at the different messages about the unpopular standards program coming from Trump and DeVos.
On Monday, DeVos said, “There really isn’t any Common Core anymore,” citing the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which was passed in 2015. ESSA, she claims, “does away with the whole argument about Common Core.”
The secretary’s comments came just several weeks after Trump returned to his oft-repeated campaign statement that he wanted to end Common Core and make education policy once again the domain of state and local governments.
“When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally and they’ll do a much better job,” the president said. “And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core. You know, Common Core, to me, we have to end it. We have to bring education local, to me. I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign, and we’re doing it.”
In a joint statement to Breitbart News, parent activists Heidi Huber of Ohio and Jenni White of Oklahoma assert, “The very reason blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump appealed to the everyday anti-Common Core mom is because he appeared to understand the kitchen table politics of grassroots America.”
“Common Core is a disaster,” Trump noted time and again. While he provided few details of his education plan, he acknowledged the frustration of parents in their attempt to eradicate the Common Core system of math and English language arts standards and tests, and the accompanying massive student data collection, in their states.
Student data collection, in fact, is a major issue for parents.
A recent report from Electronic Frontier Foundation found that, under the guise of “personalized learning,” school-issued computer devices — now distributed to one-third of K-12 students in schools across the United States — are serving to collect and store an unprecedented amount of personal data on children without their parents’ notice or consent.
Conservative author and CRTV host Michelle Malkin tells Breitbart News that education bureaucrats are looking to transform children’s attitudes.
“The goal of massive government data collection targeting American students is control — over emotions, feelings, and relationships,” she says. “It’s not enough for Fed Ed to shape our kids’ minds. They are mining web browsing activity, collecting sensitive family data, and tracking values and beliefs to shape our kids’ psyches.”
Malkin notes that Big Business has been invested in Common Core because data collected on students bolsters workforce development.
“Big Business isn’t interested in our children’s academic achievement,” she says, adding:
They want cogs in the machine. Republicans pay lip service to “ending Common Core.” Democrats pay lip service to protecting privacy and “fighting for children.” But these politicians then turn around and do the bidding of tech companies and Chamber of Commerce special interests using the Common Core racket to cash in and create their future, pliant workforce.
Grassroots parent activists battling against the Common Core standards in their individual states say the Trump administration would show it stands up for parental rights by reversing the Obama administration’s regulatory gutting of the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
Colorado parent activist Cheri Kiesecker says Big Data has been given free rein under the guises of both “personalized learning programs” and workforce development, with both Democratic and Republican lawmakers on board with the program.
“The 2011 FERPA gutting should be top on the list,” Kiesecker says. “If we could repeal that Obama/Arne Duncan rule, it would be a monumental step in respecting the constitution and parental rights.”



ARTICLE
“There is nothing but goodness in what we’re doing today,” said John Kelly, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. “My heart goes out to you. I do understand what you’ve been through,” he told family members of murder victims on Wednesday.
Kelly, who lost his son when he was killed while serving in Afghanistan, continued:
These crimes, in many ways, were preventable. But because of years and years of policies complicating immigration and enforcement efforts, and a politically-correct approach to public safety, there are mothers who will never again receive a Mother’s Day card from a son. There are husbands who will never again kiss their wives. There are children who will never get to graduate from high school. These victims of illegal aliens aren’t data points. They’re people. And they and their families deserve to be treated fairly … While we can never fully heal them, we can give them a voice.”
Kelly took no questions after the briefing and shook hands with the families.
The department has also launched a the DHS-Victim Information and Notification Exchange (DHS-VINE), an automated, national system to send automatic updates to changes in custody information regarding specific illegal aliens charged with or convicted of a crime. It will help victims, families, attorneys, victims’ advocates, and more navigate the federal immigration system. State-run VINEs will also automatically send victims and families automatic updates on releasable criminal case information and other custody status updates. Plus, victims and families will be able to see where an illegal alien is being detained.
Kelly’s announcement is the latest step the Trump administration has taken in its first 100 days to side with Americans over big business and the Democratic party seeking consumers and voters.
Illegal aliens commit an extraordinary amount of almost entirely preventable crimes. In a 2011 report, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimated that illegal aliens comprised a stunning 27 percent of the federal inmate prison population. (Republicans joining Democrats in opposing mythological “mass incarceration” might want to support immigration law to keep prison populations low.) When analyzing a large, random sample of illegal aliens incarcerated in 2009 and 2010, GAO found each criminal alien averaged seven arrests, with 50 percent being arrested for at least one drug offense. That’s significant, because heroin trafficking is a major consequence of allowing illegal immigration to go uncontrolled, and in 2010, heroin overdose deaths began to rise until they had tripled in only five years.
According to a recent op-ed in TheHill by a retired California detective:
Most states and our federal government have kept information and statistics about illegal immigration, crimes committed by illegals and the costs borne by you the U.S. payer out of public view. It is in fact difficult, but not impossible to locate accurate crime statistics involving illegal immigrants. The statistics are buried both to suit a political agenda and to avoid public outcry. Once you read this article, you will quickly understand why…
The U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Sentencing Commission reported that as of 2014, illegal immigrants were convicted and sentenced for over 13 percent of all crimes committed in the U.S.
According to the FBI, 67,642 murders were committed in the U.S. from 2005 through 2008, and 115,717 from 2003 through 2009. The General Accounting Office documents that criminal immigrants committed 25,064 of these murders.
To extrapolate out these statistics, this means that a population of just over 3.5 percent residing in the U.S. unlawfully committed 22 percent to 37 percent of all murders in the nation. This is astounding.

Those who have lost loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens have previously told Breitbart News how difficult it was to secure legal assistance.
Legal immigrant Agnes Gibboney, whose son Ronald da Silva was murdered in 2002 by an illegal, told SiriusXM host Matthew Boyle she had only a prosecutor to look out for her interests in court—and it did not work out well for her. “Everything went wrong. I was not allowed to say my impact statement. I was not allowed to address the court. I was not allowed to get the probation hearing report. And when I called them to ask how come I didn’t get it, they said, ‘My boss told me not to talk to you,’ and hung up,” she said.
Laura Wilkerson—who, as Breitbart News has reported, summoned the strength to publicly tell the story of her son Joshua’s violent, torturous death at the hands of an illegal alien classmate over and over again—said she had to pay for an attorney out of her own pocket. “They didn’t want me to sit in the trial, and I had to hire an attorney just to make that happen,” she said. It would have been unimaginable for her not to be present in the courtroom that day.

Families are often “re-victimized” by the court system and need help with funeral and counseling, said Maria Espinoza, head of the Remembrance Project.
“[W]hat’s very important that people don’t understand that in so many cases, our families are being re-victimized, because they’re being misguided in the court system,” she said. “Either activist judges, or activist prosecutors—so we really need someone to help and guide our families. Who can afford an attorney for themselves? And here illegal aliens get one. If they murder an American, they are given two attorneys to protect them, to defend them.”
Listen to the Angel Moms’ stories of how difficult it was to secure adequate legal representation here.



ARTICLE
During the 1:30 p.m. White House press briefing, a document was provided to journalists with the following Trump Administration tax reform framework:
2017 Tax Reform for Economic Growth and American Jobs
The Biggest Individual and Business Tax Cut In American History
Goals For Tax Reform
Individual Reform
Business Reform
Process
 

White House framework for tax reform pic.twitter.com/2knRSRg7tb
— Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) April 26, 2017

In a Monday interview with Breitbart News, Rep. Roger Williams referenced his own tax plan, which calls for elimination of the inheritance “death” tax. Williams also emphasized the importance of cutting tax rates and possibly using repatriation to help pay for the cuts. Williams also heavily emphasized the importance of letting Main Street America run with the tax cuts and put government to task, cutting back on massive federal government spending.
This story is developing.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE

The video depicts the first meeting between CMP journalists posing as biomedical company buyers of fetal tissue and Dr. Mary Gatter, the president of Planned Parenthood for America’s (PPFA) Medical Directors’ Council. Gatter is introduced to the buyers by Dr. Deborah Nucatola, PPFA’s Senior Director of Medical Services, who also appeared in a CMP undercover video eating lunch and drinking wine, as she allegedly discussed how to harvest fetal organs and body parts so as to maximize their transfer to biomedical researchers.
In the current video, Gatter is introduced as the Medical Director of Planned Parenthood’s Pasadena, California, affiliate, and haggles with the undercover journalists over the price “per specimen” of fetal body parts. The undercover CMP journalist also discusses how the biomedical buyer will come into the Planned Parenthood clinic to handle the transfer of the fetal specimen.
“We may have to make sure that your staff who are on site are credentialed, privileges, whatever, background checks and all that stuff,” Gatter says on the video, adding: “You know, you have to pay a little money for the use of the space.”
They then discuss the issue of “compensation,” with the undercover journalists suggesting “per specimen” payment and Gatter asking, “Per specimen? Like $75 a specimen?”
When the journalist says, “What we’ve been quoting is $50 per specimen,” Gatter counters that “$50 is on the low end. $50 was like 12 years ago.”
The undercover journalist explains that they like to pay “per specimen” because “that way we’re not paying for material we can’t use.”
“But you would show up to do this?” Gatter asks. “You would send somebody?”
The undercover journalist agrees, “Oh exactly, we would send a tech. Yeah, we would send a tech in.”
After mentioning a “lovely tech” named Heather from the biomedical firm Novogenix who worked at the Planned Parenthood Los Angeles clinic, Gatter eventually ends the conversation by saying, “Yeah, I’d be willing — give me a call.”
Earlier in the video, Gatter asks, “What kind of volume do you need, and what gestational ages?” The undercover journalist answers that “most of the requests are 16 weeks and above.”
Federal law permits reimbursement for specified costs in a fetal organ or tissue donation, but prohibits the purchase and sale of the organs and tissues themselves (42 U.S.C. 289g-2).
“The fact that [biomedical companies] Novogenix, StemExpress, and Advanced Bioscience Resources (ABR) stationed their own workers inside Planned Parenthood abortion clinics to perform the harvesting, packaging, and transport of aborted baby body parts demonstrates that Planned Parenthood had no reimbursable costs under the law,” says CMP project lead David Daleiden. “The volume-based sums that Planned Parenthood charged these businesses for baby parts are criminal trafficking and profiteering in fetal body parts.”
Gatter was previously the medical director of Planned Parenthood Los Angeles, before taking the same position at the chain’s Pasadena affiliate. Later, she was elected president of PPFA’s Medical Directors’ Council. While still at her post in the Los Angeles affiliate, Gatter oversaw its partnership with Novogenix Laboratories, LLC, a local for-profit fetal organ and tissue harvesting company.
“I did it in LA, I’m committed to it, I think it’s a great idea,” says Gatter to the undercover journalists posing as the buyers.
The final report of the House Select Panel on Infant Lives addresses the pricing of fetal tissue:
On April 20, 2016, the Panel held a hearing on The Pricing of Fetal Tissue. During the hearing, the Panel examined documents revealing that abortion clinics and Tissue Procurement Businesses (TPBs) may have violated federal law by the payments they collected from the sale of fetal tissue. At the core of the Panel’s investigation is a federal statute, 42 U.S.C. § 289g-2, which prohibits the transfer of any human fetal tissue for valuable consideration. The statute states that reasonable costs include transportation, implantation, processing, preservation, quality control, and storage—none of which it appears the abortion clinics did. Documents also show that payments made by the customer to the procurement business appear to exceed the costs incurred on the procurement business by a factor of 300 to 400 percent.
As CMP notes, contracts and invoices show that biomedical companies Novogenix, StemExpress, and ABR “all made monthly payments to Planned Parenthood based on the number of resalable fetal specimens the wholesalers’ workers could harvest inside the abortion clinics.”
“Planned Parenthood told Congressional investigators it kept no contemporaneous records of actual costs for reimbursement under the law,” adds CMP, continuing:
The Novogenix contract promises Planned Parenthood Los Angeles $45 “per donated specimen.” Planned Parenthood Los Angeles does over 15,000 abortions every year, but has never publicly admitted how much money they received total under their contract with Novogenix. In December 2016, the Senate Judiciary Committee and the House Select Investigative Panel both referred Planned Parenthood Los Angeles and Novogenix to the FBI and U.S. Department of Justice for further investigation and criminal prosecution.
“The U.S. Department of Justice should take heed of the congressional investigations’ criminal referrals and prosecute Planned Parenthood to the full extent of the law,” urges Daleiden, “and taxpayers must stop being forced to subsidize Planned Parenthood’s criminal abortion empire.”



ARTICLE
Back in 2014, then-Commissioner Pai heroically stopped the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from hijacking free speech rights and blew the whistle on the Obama Administration’s efforts to control the press. While Pai prevented a further erosion of press freedom, the Obama Administration’s numerous assaults on the internet and free speech rights resulted in America experiencing “one of the most significant declines” in press freedom anywhere in the world, according to Reporters Without Borders in 2014. Indeed, the US precipitously dropped to 46th place on the RWB World Press Freedom Index that year, placing America at the same level as Romania, Trinidad and Tobago, and Haiti.
The Left is now conjuring up marketing slogans like “open internet” to obfuscate the real issue. They want Americans to believe that nationalizing the internet is the only thing that can save it from… well, something.  Nobody on their side has yet to identify or define any actual harm or threat, but they’re desperate to convince Americans that there is a harm somewhere, and only they can save us from ourselves. Conservatives recognize that they are already battling against leftist Silicon Valley. There is enough to worry about with Snopes defining “fake news” for Facebook, without having Snopes work for the FCC.
The truth is that there has long been a mechanism for the federal government to protect consumers from potential abuse or misuse of the internet. Congress vested that power in the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), a cousin of the FCC. For example, just last week the FTC warned social media influencers to stop “stealth ads,” essentially infomercials for millennials. But, while the FTC has the authority to prevent deceptive trade practices and fraud, it cannot control content, which is exactly what the Left wants the government to do.
Controlling content, however, is the last thing we should want from our government. That is why the first thing the Founding Fathers included in the Bill of Rights prevents the government from “abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.” But the Left’s zeal to fundamentally transform America has no boundaries, including weaponizing the means by which Americans get their news.
Commissioner Pai stopped the FCC’s initiative to put cops into newsrooms, but that was not the FCC’s first effort at censorship. Shortly after assuming office President Obama appointed Mark Lloyd to the FCC as the agency’s associate general counsel and chief diversity officer. Lloyd is well known for his efforts to use the FCC to threaten the broadcast licenses of radio stations that serve up shows that dissect current events from a conservative perspective. It was of little surprise, then, when Rush Limbaugh’s show was threatened with removal.
Or how about Fox News reporter James Rosen?  His political views are not known, but he certainly does not toe the liberal line in his reporting. So, when he used “routine reporting practices” to get information from the State Department that the Obama Administration did not want disclosed, Obama’s Justice Department named Rosen a “co-conspirator” and, according to the Washington Post, “threatened to criminalize press freedoms protected by the First Amendment.”
The Left’s attacks on free speech included help from the IRS (conservatives will not soon forget Lois Lerner’s targeting of conservative groups) and the Federal Election Commission (FEC).  FEC Chairwoman Ann Ravel did everything in her power to regulate books, satellite radio, and internet-based news media containing political philosophy. Fortunately, the FEC, the IRS, and the DOJ all failed in their efforts to control speech.  The prior Administration’s only successful venture into regulating free speech occurred at the FCC when the prior chairman launched his takeover of the internet.
That is why Leftists like Susan Crawford (a former Obama White House commissioned officer and now a member of Bill de Blasio’s Broadband Task Force in New York City) and Gigi Sohn (a former Obama political appointee at the FCC and now a Senior Fellow at George Soros’ Foundation) have used scare tactics and their friends in the liberal media to circle the wagons.  They fought hard to secure their government takeover of the internet, and they don’t want to give it back. I have only six words for George Soros and his followers:  Americans still support the First Amendment!
We believe current FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is prepared to finish the job and liberate the internet from Obama’s government takeover.  Americans should cheer Chairman Pai’s promotion to chairman.  His courage and resolve make him our best hope for making sure that an open internet is a reality instead of a deceptive campaign slogan.
Dan Schneider is executive director of the American Conservative Union.



ARTICLE
Business groups, led by the H2B Workforce Coalition, want him to include language in the 2017 supplemental budget which would allow companies to import another 100,000 or more lower-skill H-2B visa workers for summer work at low wages. The supplemental must be completed by April 28.
But pro-American groups want the number of visas kept at 66,000 for the year, which will force companies to raise wages and to recruit some of the millions of young Americans who have dropped out of the workforce. 
The pro-American group thinks Ryan has decided to back blue-collar voters. “Speaker Ryan’s decision to exclude the H-2B returning worker exemption in the funding bill is a rejection of the business lobby’s desire for cheap labor and a signal that Americans will come first under the [Donald] Trump administration,” said a statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform. The statement continues: 

Speaker Ryan is showing he stands with American workers by refusing big business calls for more cheap labor. Keeping the H-2B worker exemption out of the government funding bill puts businesses on notice that Congress will no longer turn a blind eye to the harm mass immigration causes American workers.

In December,  Ryan decided to not include the “returning worker” exemption in the 2017 federal budget, after he supported it in the 2016 budget. The exemption in the 2016 budget allowed companies to exempt visas for new H-2B workers from the annual cap of 66,000 visas if those workers had been an H2-B worker in the previous three years. That “returning worker exemption” effectively boosted the annual size of the program from 66,000 up to a maximum of 264,000. If that exemption is reestablished for 2017, the H2-B inflow would be larger than the annual inflow of roughly 110,000 white-collar employees via the H-1B visa program, which is mostly used by information technology and medical industries.
Ryan’s retreat from the H-2B program is a notable change. He has long been an avid supporter of companies seeking to hire “any willing worker” from overseas in place of blue-collar Americans — but the resulting economic and civic damage to American communities allowed Trump to take over the GOP and get elected in 2016. However, aside from his H-2B turnabout, there’s little evidence that Ryan supports Trump’s successful populist campaign promise of lower immigration and higher wages.
On the other side of the debate, business groups say they can’t get needed workers, despite offering somewhat higher wages. They’re short of seasonal landscape workers, bricklayers, kitchen crews, hotel maids, foresters, and fish processors, and even trainees for those jobs, say company executives. 
“We just don’t get applicants … [even thought] we do everything we can imagine” to recruit new season workers, said Glen Ellison, the owner of Ceres+, a landscaping and architecture company in Colorado. He offers his H-2B workers a starting wage of $15.11 an hour and U.S. workers even more. “Nobody wants to do the hard labor… I have hired every single high school kid that comes to my company,” he said.
There are too few vocational schools teaching skilled trades to teenagers as the older workers retire, and too few Americans are willing or even capable of manual outdoor work, say employers. Society grants little status to blue-collar skilled work, and provides too much long-term welfare for people who don’t want to work, employers say. 
The problem is worsened by the federal government’s refusal to penalize companies who hire illegals to undercut companies which hire Americans, said Gary Woodworth, chief executive officer at Gallegos, a building company in Colorado. Such hiring is “prevalent,” said Woodworth, who opened a government-certified apprenticeship program and pays new employees $16.55 an hour, or $34,000 a year. 
To sway Ryan and other legislators, company owners and executives from The H-2B Workforce Coalition flew into D.C. on Wednesday to lobby their members of Congress.  The executives also tailor their argument for GOP leaders, saying the H-2B workers support additional jobs for Americans and will go home at the end of each season, unlike illegal immigrants.
Business advocates have won partial support from roughly 40 House members, who asked agency officials in mid-March to minimize wastage in the distribution of the 66,000 2017 H-2B visas.  A similar letter was signed by 31 Senators, led by North Carolina Republican Sen. Thom Tillis, who strongly supported cheap-labor immigration programs when he was a state legislator. 
More importantly, 53 House members signed a March 30 letter to leaders in the appropriations committee asking for the “Returning Worker Exemption” to be reestablished. The House signers include Republicans Barbara Comstock from Virginia, Kristi Noem from South Dakota, Elise Stefanik from New York, Thomas Massie from Kentucky, Barry Loudermilk from Georgia, and Tim Murphy from Pennsylvania.
Business requests to hire foreigners instead of Americans usually receive a warm welcome in the established media, such as the Wall Street Journal.
However, supporters of the visa workers programs know they are pushing a rock uphill after Trump’s shocking victory in November, which was powered by blue-collar voters eager for reductions in cheap-labor immigration. “Brave folks” are still willing to push for an amnesty and increased inflow of guest-workers, admitted Michele Stockwell, vice-president of public policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, at a March 2 meeting.
Nationwide, “wages for the less-educated remain stagnant or in decline and well below what they were in 30 years ago,” despite company complaints, said Steven Camarota, the research director at the Center for Immigration Studies. That huge social and political problem will be solved if legislators let the domestic labor market work, as labor supply will rise to meet higher wages and better recruiting, he said. 
For example, roughly 10 percent of American “prime age” men, or 7 million men aged 25 to 54, have stayed out of the nation’s workforce of 160 million amid the glut of cheap immigrant labor. The working-age Americans are not trying to get jobs, and are not participating in the nation’s labor force, largely because of low wage rates, according to an August statement by Jason Furman, the chief economic advisor to former President Barack Obama.
The glut of workers is worsened by the federal government’s immigration policy. Each year, four million Americans turn 18 and begin looking for good jobs in an increasingly automated economy. But the federal government annually imports one million new legal immigrants plus one million new contract workers — including the H-2Bs and H-1Bs — who are used by companies as cheap workers, as welfare-aided customers, and as urban and suburban renters.
However, there’s much anecdotal evidence that the growing economy — and the gradual reduction of illegal immigration — is forcing companies to solve their workforce problems by offering higher wages, by training unskilled workers and even by recruiting unemployed Americans in high-unemployment, drug-damaged rural counties.
The worker shortage has set off a “bidding war” for employees among Colorado landscaping companies, said Ellison. 
“We’re starting to see people get more competitive” by offering higher hourly wages, said Jeff Seifried, president of the Chamber of Commerce in Branson, Mo. “We’re seeing a buck, $1.50, or sometimes $2 raises … [up to] the $11 plus range,” he said. The city’s seasonal employers need many people to clean hotel bedrooms, serve food and run entertainment facilities, but they can’t raise wages too high for fear of deterring bargain-minded middle-class customers, he said. Each year, the city offsets wage pressure by importing roughly 1,000 H-2B and J-1 visa workers.  But the cap on visa workers is forcing the companies to raise wages, broaden recruitment campaigns, to improve roads and regional bus services so that seasonal workers can commute from longer distances. Some companies are even considering providing weekday housing for seasonal workers who do not wish to move permanently from their distant homes, Seifried said.
In Maine,  the Bangor Daily News recently reported that employers have started recruiting former convicts: “Johnson, of the Somerset Economic Development Corp., has observed felony records to be ‘one of the big barriers’ to employment for Maine men, though employers are starting to be more open to hiring people with criminal records in response to the workforce crunch.”
But the national data shows no significant wage growth for blue-collar workers:

Politically, if GOP leaders reject business’ demands for more contract workers, “it would put the Democrats on the defensive because it would be a substantial and real way for [President Donald] Trump to be the champion of workers over employers,” said Camarota. 
“One of the challenges in the U.S. economy is to draw back in the many people [who are] out of the workforce and one of the best ways to do that is to let wages rise,” he said. But, he warned, “it will take several years of strong wage growth to get them back to what they used to get paid, and even then they would be poor.” This year, he said 19 months before the 2018 election, “why not let their wages rise?” 



ARTICLE
“The Antiquities Act does not give the federal government unlimited power to lock up millions of acres of land and water, and it’s time we ended this abusive practice,” Trump said, citing the 1908 law granting power to the president to create monuments.
The review will examine recent monument designations of 100,000 acres or more since the Clinton administration and make recommendations as to whether they should be rescinded, resized, or modified.
Trump criticized the “federal land grab” of past administrations, specifically former President Obama’s decision to designate hundreds of millions acres of land and water as monuments — including Bears Ears, a 1.35 million area in Utah.
“I’ve heard a lot about Bears Ears,” he said, specifically citing the “never ending prodding” from Sen. Mike Lee and Sen. Orrin Hatch to revisit Obama’s decision. Both Utah senators were present for the event as well as Utah Governor Gary Herbert. Governor Paul LePage of Main was also present as well as Vice President Mike Pence.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke spoke at the event, citing the text of the law that called for a president to designate “the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected.”
He cited former President Theodore Roosevelt’s first national monument of Devils Tower, pointing out that recent presidents have designated monuments that included tens of millions of acres. Other designations, he explained, were made to make public lands off limits to responsible industry development and public use.
“Despite this directive, ‘smallest area’ has too often become the exception rather than the rule,” Zinke said, adding that “somewhere along the way, the act has become a tool of public advocacy rather than public interest.”
Trump’s executive order starts a 120 day federal review of national monuments, with an interim report on Bears Ears within 45 days.



ARTICLE
a) Our energy policy will remain in the clutches of a cabal of vested interests – rent-seeking, crony capitalist shysters; green ideologues with junk-science degrees in Gaia Studies from the University of East Anglia; eco-fascist lobby groups and NGOs; compromised scientists with their snouts in the trough; goose-stepping technocrats; really, really, really dim MPs – ensuring that the landscape continues to be blighted by an ever-greater-proliferation of shimmery solar panels and ginormous bat-chomping, bird-slicing eco-crucifixes.
We remain committed to the Climate Change Act which will cost the UK economy over £300 billion by 2030, costing each household £875 per annum; and also to the Levy Control Framework (LCF) which, combined with carbon taxes, cost the UK £9 billion in 2016 alone. Then we’ll pretend it’s the fault of the greedy energy companies by hammering them with a price cap – thus driving their share prices down (bad luck pensions and investors!), reducing competition and innovation, and signalling that we intend to be a meddling, interventionist government which has no truck with free market principles.
b) We want consumers and businesses to have the cheapest most reliable energy which causes the least damage to wildlife and the environment and which best guarantees Britain’s energy security. To this end we will scrap all market-distorting subsidies, declare a moratorium on renewables – as well as white elephant projects such as the Hinkley Point C Radioactive Money Pit and the even more lunatic proposed Swansea Tidal Lagoon project – and go all-out to exploit Britain’s superabundant shale gas reserves.
We will, furthermore, appoint a Secretary of State for Energy capable of explaining in ways even thick people can understand why it’s all OK, the baby polar bears aren’t going to drown, nor is Lancashire going to vanish into a crevice, nor are Britain’s gardens going to turn into deserts – despite all that toss you heard from the BBC’s resident Old Etonian eco-loon David Shukman on the Radio 4 Today programme this morning.
Well personally I’m going with b).
What we’re going to get with Theresa May’s Continuation Cameron Conservatives, unfortunately, is far likely to be closer to a).
This is a terrible shame for a number of reasons. As a lover of the British countryside, I’m most especially upset about the ongoing Scotlandification of Mid-Wales with more and more ugly wind farms. If ever you needed an argument against devolved government, there’s your case made for you. The troglodytes in the Welsh Assembly who allow this kind of destruction to pass are not fit to run a bath let alone a Principality.
But it’s also sad for political reasons. Prime Minister Theresa May has a once-in-several-generations opportunity successfully and unapologetically to demonstrate – without any credible threat from her excuse for an Opposition – that conservative principles of small government, personal responsibility, and free markets are genuinely the best way of creating a fairer, more prosperous and freer society.
And she’s about to blow it.
Still, here – if Theresa May wants it –  is an Energy Manifesto prepared for her today by the Global Warming Policy Forum.
It makes so much sense you just know Theresa is going to ignore it completely. That’s because her calculation is this: “If I can satisfy the slavering right-wing headbangers with the promise that ‘Brexit means Brexit’, I can get away with being as statist, authoritarian, and progressive as I like.”
Most mainstream Conservative commentators won’t admit this yet because it’s too depressing. True, though, innit?



ARTICLE
Techdirt reports that in a letter recently sent from Senator Ron Wyden to two of his colleagues at the Committee on Rules & Administration, Wyden noted that Senate ID cards used by Senate staffers on a regular basis don’t actually feature a smart chip component. Instead, there is a printed picture of a smart chip on the cards, providing the illusion that they utilize the technology.
In a copy of the letter obtained by Techdirt, Wyden explains that Personal Identity Verification (PIV) cards used by employees of the Executive branch contain a smart chip which can be used “as a second-factor to log in to their computers.” However, he notes that “the Senate neither requires nor offers two-factor authentication as an additional protection for desktop computers and email accounts.”
“Moreover, in contrast to the executive branch’s widespread adoption of PIV cards with a smart chip, most Senate staff ID cards have a photo of a chip printed on them, rather than a real chip,” Wyden continues. “Given the significant investment by the executive branch in smart chip based two-factor authentication, we should strongly consider issuing our staff real chip-based ID cards and then using those chips as a second factor.”
Techdirt contacted the Senate and asked for photographic proof of the chip on a Senate ID card but was denied.
Wyden’s letter calls on Senate IT staff to increase the security protocols used to protect government officials. Throughout the 2016 election cyber security became a hot topic following the hacking of DNC emails. WikiLeaks also recently revealed a number of hacking methods utilized by the CIA.



ARTICLE
The USC/L.A. Times poll was one of the only major public polls that predicted Donald Trump would win the 2016 election.
The new poll, focusing on Trump’s first 100 days in office, reports: “We asked to what extent a list of positive attributes applied to Trump. Slim majorities endorsed Trump as keeping his promises, bringing needed change to DC, and representing American values.”
In percentage terms, 53% of those surveyed said that Trump is keeping his promises.
The poll adds, however: “Attributes where he did not get majority endorsement: speaking for people like them, inspiring confidence, being ethical and trustworthy, and basing policy decisions on facts.”
The poll reveals that the country is deeply divided. 87% of Hillary Clinton voters say the country is on the wrong track, while 87% of Trump voters say the country is on the right track. Similarly, 87% of Clinton voters disapproved of Trump’s job performance so far, and 85% of Trump voters approved.
However, a slim majority of overall respondents say that Trump is doing “as much or more than he said he would.”
The trend for Trump is also positive: “President Trump’s approval rating increased ten points since it was measured in March, to 40% in the April survey. The increase was mainly due to a movement toward approval among about a third of his own voters who had previously said they “neither approve nor disapprove”.
Asked if they would vote for their candidate again, 91% of Trump voters said yes, and 89% of Clinton voters said yes. (A recent ABC News/Washington Post poll found a larger decline among Clinton voters.)
The poll also found significant differences among Trump and Clinton voters in their news diet. Those who watch Fox News tend to distrust all other sources; those who trust CNN tend to trust a variety of sources, except Fox.
While 40% of Clinton voters did not know anyone who voted for Trump, 45% of Trump voters did not know anyone who voted for Clinton.
The results were released during a conference on Trump’s first 100 days at the USC Dornsife College’s Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics.
The sample, according to the poll, consisted of “3039 adult American members of a national probability-based internet panel based in USC’s Center for Economic and Social Research of whom 2,584 reported voting in the November election.” The margin of error in the poll is 2%.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
A statement from Israel’s National Authority for Cyber Defence said that “in recent days” it had uncovered plans for a mass e-mail attack by what it described as an assailant masquerading as a “legitimate organisation” using a bogus security certificate.
It did not say what countermeasures it had taken but said the attacks threatened “government ministries, public institutions and private individuals”.
Haaretz newspaper said that the attackers “tried to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Word.”
In November two main Israeli TV newscasts were taken over by hackers who beamed an Islamist message threatening divine fire against the Jewish state.
Hackers ostensibly supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad posted messages on an Israeli army Twitter account during the 2014 Gaza war and in 2012 hackers disrupted the websites of the Tel Aviv stock exchange and national airline El Al.
Israel is a global player in the cyber-security industry, with about 400 specialist companies.
Its success is partly due to graduates of elite army units who take their electronic warfare skills with them into civilian life at the end of their military service.



ARTICLE
Gaffney expressed dismay at the combination of these holdovers, globalists President Trump has brought into the White House, plus “a group of establishment Republicans in leadership positions, particularly on the Hill, who align pretty much with those liberal Democrats.”
“It’s a formula for this president to be foiled at every turn, even if he’s still committed to and pursuing assiduously his agenda,” Gaffney warned. “If he starts trimming sails, or worse yet throwing ballast out of the balloon all of the things that brought him into office, it will never appease this assorted group of adversaries. I think it will simply reinforce their conviction that if they hang tough, and they hang together, they will be able to keep the swamp full of toxic waste and prevent him from draining it, let alone moving the country forward as he promised to do in the 2016 election.”
He suggested the ideas which propelled Trump to victory in 2016 are the glue that holds his unusual coalition of voters together across partisan lines, and also help to explain “why Breitbart connects so well with so many people.”
“It isn’t just on the right,” he noted. “I think it’s that Trump base, which as you know better than anybody, Alex, wound up being an awful lot of Democrats who were sick to the teeth of what their party has become: an anti-American party.”
“I would argue that the thing that brings us together, that brought Donald Trump to the White House as much as anything, was common sense. I think that’s what you serve up in very substantial doses on Breitbart Radio, and it’s a privilege to be able to contribute to that,” said Gaffney.
Asked to grade President Trump’s first 100 Days from a national security perspective, Gaffney said “there are some points that are encouraging.”
“I’m very happy with a lot of his rhetoric, notably about restoring American policy to the practice of peace through strength, which my old boss Ronald Reagan of course espoused. I like the fact that he has set his sights on rebuilding our military, ensuring that our military deterrent is once again ‘top of the pack,’ as he put it, that we have a state-of-the-art missile defense for example. I think some of the uses of power that he has conducted have also helped give credibility to those rhetorical statements,” he elaborated.
“That’s on the plus side, Alex. On the negative side, I have to say I am very troubled that he is not pursuing what he promised – as I think he must – in regards to one particularly dangerous aspect of the national security picture, and of course that’s the phenomenon he’s called ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’ I call it sharia supremacism, but whatever term you prefer, it is very much with us,” he continued.
“The thing that is most alarming to me, which causes my grade to be considerably lower than it might otherwise be – maybe a C, C-plus? – is the appointment of people to his national security team who do not get the threat posed by radical Islamic terrorism. In fact, some of them refuse even to call it that, which is evidence of a disconnect with this president that I think is not only a problem, but it’s undermining his effectiveness in a very critical space,” he said.
Gaffney agreed with Marlow that the specter of “climate change” obsession still hangs over the national security apparatus, describing it as “a priority for Ivanka Trump and apparently for Jared Kushner, who are playing outsize roles in all aspects of the administration’s policy-making, it seems.”
“There is no question that many of the people that are either holdovers from the previous administration, or that have been brought in by this new administration, have not simply paid lip service to the Obama agenda on national security – whether it’s calling radical Islamic terrorism/sharia supremacism what they used as a euphemism, ‘violent extremism,’ which really in a way meant that they could justify being as worried about returning veterans and Tea Party activists and constitutionalists as they were about Islamists – on the one hand, and then on the other there’s this idea that really the problem that we are confronting is actually climate change, not live human beings seeking our destruction. I think this is, again, completely at odds with common sense and the national security interests of the United States,” he warned.
Marlow asked if the Trump administration is “holding Iran accountable for their pursuit of nuclear weapons adequately at this point.”
“This is a classic example of what we’ve just been talking about in the abstract,” Gaffney replied. “You had Obama holdovers who were deeply involved in bringing this disastrous deal – the president was absolutely right, it is arguably the worst deal ever negotiated, in fact it isn’t even a deal, nobody signed this thing – but it was brought to him by people who are still staffing his administration. One of them, I believe, was instrumental in getting the State Department last week to certify that the Iranians are complying with this deal.” 
“First of all, that’s not true,” he objected. “Second of all, even if they were, it would still mean they could be beavering away at a nuclear weapon, and they are.” 
“The president was furious, I’m told, when he discovered the State Department had done this,” Gaffney revealed. “It shouldn’t come as a surprise, given who’s staffing most of it below Rex Tillerson’s level. But he’s directed, apparently, Rex Tillerson to muster out the next day, Wednesday of last week, and deliver personally a statement essentially denouncing the Iranians both for the nuclear deal and for terrorism, and much much more – properly so.” 
“There is a certain incoherence, I think it’s fair to say, that emerged in part because people who lack common sense are still helping to guide his policy, and he’s obliged to try to correct it. This is no way to run a government,” he declared. 
“I hope he will clean house at long last, both with respect to this odious deal, but also more generally, and bring in people who supported him in the campaign, who get national security the way I think he does – certainly the way he ran on, his platform of peace through strength. By so doing, I think we have a shot at turning this thing around. If we don’t get those changes, though, the grade is going to be a lot worse in the second hundred days, that’s for sure,” he said.
Gaffney said he hoped legislators briefed by the White House on North Korea would seize the opportunity to “hear what I think is the single most ominous threat from North Korea, bar none.”
“It’s not gotten a lot of attention. Jim Woolsey, the former director of Central Intelligence under Bill Clinton, Dr. Peter Vincent Pry, among others have been warning for a long time that what the North Koreans have almost certainly done – and if they haven’t, they could at any moment – is place aboard one of their two satellites now in orbit, or future ones, a small nuclear weapon that is optimized to create something called electromagnetic pulse,” he said.
“If a weapon like that were detonated over the United States – and those satellites overfly it all the time – it would be the end of our electric grid, and our nation,” he predicted. “That threat must be neutralized, Alex. I believe, I hope that’s what the administration is going to talk to them about on the Hill today and in the White House complex. Also, we need to protect the electric grid against these sorts of threats.”
Gaffney expressed gratitude to Breitbart News for “the emphasis it has placed on doing just that.”
He expected the congressional briefings on North Korea to include information about “their ballistic missile program, and about their nuclear weapons testing, and about their belligerent statements, and perhaps about the pathology of this lunatic who runs the country, and those sorts of things.”
“That’s all old news,” he noted. “I don’t know that if that’s all that is described, it will be that useful an exercise. But if, as I pray, these legislators will be told about the sorts of threats that I’ve just described, it will I hope really concentrate the minds and support what the president’s trying to do to bring the North Koreans to heel.”
Gaffney added that if China is “enabling the North Korean threat” instead of helping us contain it, “we’re going to have to do it ourselves.”
“It would start, in my judgment, with neutralizing those satellites now overhead, and ensuring there aren’t new ones put up there that could have this kind of nation-ending threat aboard them,” he advised.
He noted China certainly could be helpful if it wanted to. 
“They could make all the difference in the world. If they say it’s over for Kim Jong-un, it’s over. But I see no evidence that they intend to do that,” he said.
Gaffney pointed out that the missile canisters displayed by North Korea in recent military parades “looked an awful lot like Chinese DF-31 canisters, and they were aboard transporter-erector-launchers that were provided by the Chinese.”
“Those are tangible signs that the Chinese think a more dangerous North Korea – one that worries us, worries us to the point where we might give them concessions, or at least give concessions to North Korea to prop up this client state of theirs – this is a practice, this is a policy that is being deliberately pursued by the Chinese, and has been for years,” he charged.
“I don’t think they are on our side. Could they be? Yes. I don’t see evidence of them doing it just yet,” Gaffney said. “I think that the Chinese are pursuing a long-term strategy which has, at its core, displacing the United States as a global power, certainly in their region of the world, but I think it’s really worldwide.” 
“I think that having strong and dangerous clients like North Korea, and frankly building bases around the world, and fortifying new islands they’re creating in the South China Sea, and massing their military for future global operations are all signs that is where they’re headed. I think their policy toward North Korea is part of that larger strategic design,” he judged.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Specifically, the effort refers to Sinaloa cartel boss Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman and his roughly $14 billion in assets.
Readers interested in signing the online petition or viewing the effort can do so HERE.
“Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,” Senator Cruz stated, according to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the senator’s office. “Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities.”
The issue of a border wall, or more accurately, portions of a border wall, has been controversial in both the U.S. and Mexico. President Donald Trump promised that Mexico would pay for the costs of the wall, but has since backed away from such claims and changed his position to U.S. taxpayers footing the bill and Mexico paying it back eventually. Senator Cruz and his proposed “El Chapo” bill provide a means for the Trump Administration to keep its promise to U.S. taxpayers while also providing a means for Mexico’s corrupt elite to pay, rather than the majority of Mexicans who live under tyranny.
Breitbart Texas covered the proposed bill when the senator first announced it. Bob Price wrote:
The Texas senator said that leveraging criminally forfeited assets from El Chapo and other Mexican cartel members and drug dealers can “offset the wall’s cost and make meaningful progress toward achieving President Trump’s stated border security objectives.”
Senator Cruz introduced the Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order (EL CHAPO) Act on Tuesday. “The U.S. Government is currently seeking the criminal forfeiture of more than $14 billion in drug proceeds and illicit profits from El Chapo, the former leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel who was recently extradited to the U.S. to face criminal prosecution for numerous alleged drug-related crimes, including conspiracy to commit murder and money laundering,” Cruz stated.
 



ARTICLE
Partly due to this policy, President Donald Trump entered the White House facing tensions at an all-time high with rogue state North Korea and at a diplomatic disadvantage in regions like the South China Sea. As a candidate, Trump defined his Asia policy much like he did his attitude towards domestic political issues: identifying a clear enemy, vowing loyalty to allies who help contain the threat, and promising the American people that he would only make good deals at the negotiating table.
With the exceptions of North Korea and Japan, President Trump has proven somewhat more malleable than the candidate. Trump has demanded an end to tensions on the Korean peninsula and proven he prioritizes that conflict by sending his highest-ranking officials to Seoul and Tokyo to pressure Pyongyang. In Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump has found steady support after choosing him as the first head of government to meet with following his election in November.
With China, however, the Trump administration has kept its diplomacy tactful, and Trump himself has offered Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping something his voters would have never expected the candidate Trump to: a “not as good” trade deal in exchange for keeping North Korea from attacking its neighbors or, worse, the United States.
Below, an in-depth look at how Trump tackled the region’s major alliances, tensions, and unresolved problems during his first 100 days.
Japan
President-elect Trump made clear from the first day since his election that the bilateral relationship with Japan would be a top priority, meeting with Abe shortly after the election in New York, the first head of government to do so. The meeting followed confusion in Japanese media regarding Trump’s remarks on North Korea – the candidate Trump had suggested that Japan would be a worthy nation to possess nuclear weapons: “At some point we have to say, you know what, we’re better off if Japan protects itself against this maniac in North Korea.” Japan, the only nation to be hit with a nuclear attack in history, bristled at the possibility.
As recently as this month, however, reports suggested that placing American nuclear assets in the region to curb North Korean belligerence was on the table, but in South Korea, perhaps a nod to how sensitive the issue is in Japan.
If the Trump administration’s approach towards the topic changed, it was the product of an extensive effort to make Japan feel closer to Washington. In addition to having Abe meet Trump in New York before the inauguration, the Prime Minister spent a weekend in February at the Trump estate in Florida, Mar-a-Lago, playing golf with the President and discussing pivotal international relations topics. The meeting not only aided the bilateral relationship but boosted support for Abe at home: an estimated 70 percent of Japanese people approved of the visit following his return to Tokyo.
Trump also made Japan one of the first international stops for his top officials: the first for Secretary of Defense James Mattis and among the first for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence. While Tillerson focused on pressuring China to cooperate in curbing North Korean belligerence during his March visit, both Pence and Mattis reaffirmed the United States’ commitment to protecting Japan from China itself, notably Chinese claims in the East China Sea. China claims the Japanese Senkaku Islands as its own and has imposed an Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) over them, which it cannot enforce without triggering American military action required by post-World War II treaties.
North Korea
President Trump has made clear his intention to end the violent and tragic reign of the Kim family over North Korea during his tenure. Entering his hundredth day in office, Trump has passed North Korea’s first test – the “Day of the Sun,” or founder Kim Il-Sung’s birthday – so decisively that even CNN wondered aloud whether Trump had stumbled upon a successful North Korean policy.
After a week of international speculation regarding the potential for a nuclear weapons test on the Day of the Sun (April 15), Pyongyang opted instead for a new missile test – which ended within seconds when the missile exploded after barely leaving the ground. The test failed shortly after President Trump asserted he was sending “an armada” to North Korea to intimidate dictator Kim Jong-un.
Pivotal to solving the North Korean problem in the eyes of the Trump administration is China’s active participation. China, a fellow communist nation, is North Korea’s greatest trade partner and ally on the international stage (North Korea’s diplomatic alliances are few and far between, with governments as rightfully maligned as Syria, Venezuela, and Iran).
As with many other issues, the clearest distillation of Trump policy on North Korea surfaced on Twitter, where the President wrote: “North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.” To North Korea directly, Trump has kept his message simple: “gotta behave.”
North Korea appears not to have heeded this warning, arresting a U.S. citizen, professor Tony Kim, without cause this week.
China
The Trump administration’s China policy is perhaps the most evolved since the candidate took office, as the President has gone from considering the abandonment of “One China” and recognition of Taiwan to openly suggesting he is willing to make a “not so good” trade deal with China to control North Korea.
Before taking office, the President-elect accepted a phone call from Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, an unprecedented communication that incensed China. By February, however, Trump had told Xi in a phone call that he supported the One China policy, apparently receiving no concessions in return for turning on Taiwan. That phone call was the first communication between the two presidents, one that China “highly commended” both for sticking to Beijing’s policy and embracing the celebration of the Chinese new year.
Trump then hosted Xi at Mar-a-Lago, an in-person meeting overshadowed in the media by Trump’s decision to conduct an airstrike against Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad while Xi was in town. The Chinese foreign ministry notably failed to condemn the airstrike, while Chinese state-run media deemed it provocative but necessary for Trump to prove he was “no businessman president.” Trump appeared to completely abandon this businessman persona later in the month when refusing to label China a currency manipulator, breaking a campaign promise etched into his Contract with America.
Trump spoke to Xi again in April, shortly after Xi’s arrival at Mar-a-Lago, as preparations began in Pyongyang for the “Day of the sun.” According to Trump, he told Xi in that call, “You want to make a great deal? Solve the problem in North Korea.” “That’s worth having deficits. And that’s worth having not as good a trade deal as I would normally be able to make,” he told reporters.
South China Sea Conflict
China has for years demanded control over almost the entire South China Sea, including territory belonging to Vietnam, the Philippines, Brunei, Taiwan, and Malaysia. International tribunals have rejected China’s claims; China has vowed to ignore such rulings.
During the Obama administration, the U.S. Navy regularly conducted “Freedom of Navigation Operations” (FONOPs) in the region, intended to keep China from claiming the region through adverse possession. A Breitbart News report in March found that the Trump administration had yet to conduct any such FONOPs, in part because of the difficulty of staffing the Pentagon. The Navy has attempted to receive permission for multiple such operations but received no answer. The Pentagon remains largely staffed by Obama holdovers and non-appointed staff. The Navy did send the USS Carl Vinson to the region for “routine” operations, a move the Chinese government condemned.
While the United States has not actively challenged China in the region, Trump’s ascent has apparently emboldened at least one party to the dispute: the Philippines. Under President Obama, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte insisted he would not challenge China in the region, claiming any military dispute between China and the Philippines would end in disaster for his country. Since Obama, who Duterte referred to as a “son of a whore” on multiple occasions, left office, Duterte has become more of a hawk, urging the United States to participate in anti-jihadist operations in his country and demanding the military build “structures” in the South China Sea to keep China from claiming the territory. Duterte has also requested a more robust military presence generally in the Philippine areas of the South China Sea and sent high-ranking officials to visit the disputed territory.



ARTICLE
Mike Pompeo, in his first speech as director of the CIA, chose to declare war on free speech rather than on the United States’ actual adversaries. He went after WikiLeaks, where I serve as editor, as a “non-state hostile intelligence service.” In Pompeo’s worldview, telling the truth about the administration can be a crime — as Attorney General Jeff Sessions quickly underscored when he described my arrest as a “priority.”News organizations reported that federal prosecutors are weighing whether to bring charges against members of WikiLeaks, possibly including conspiracy, theft of government property and violating the Espionage Act.
All this speech to stifle speech comes in reaction to the first publication in the start of WikiLeaks’ “Vault 7” series. Vault 7 has begun publishing evidence of remarkable CIA incompetence and other shortcomings. This includes the agency’s creation, at a cost of billions of taxpayer dollars, of an entire arsenal of cyber viruses and hacking programs — over which it promptly lost control and then tried to cover up the loss. These publications also revealed the CIA’s efforts to infect the public’s ubiquitous consumer products and automobiles with computer viruses.
When the director of the CIA, an unelected public servant, publicly demonizes a publisher such as WikiLeaks as a “fraud,” “coward” and “enemy,” it puts all journalists on notice, or should. Pompeo’s next talking point, unsupported by fact, that WikiLeaks is a “non-state hostile intelligence service,” is a dagger aimed at Americans’ constitutional right to receive honest information about their government. This accusation mirrors attempts throughout history by bureaucrats seeking, and failing, to criminalize speech that reveals their own failings.
Read the rest of the story at the Washington Post.



ARTICLE
The legislation–put forth in the House by Representative Richard Hudson (R-NC-8)–would treat concealed carry permits like a driver’s license, making a permit from one state valid in the other 49. This would free law-abiding citizens from the burdensome patchwork of concealed carry laws that presently result in carry permits being valid in some states, but not in others.
Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) has put forward companion legislation in the Senate.
According to The Guardian, Everytown and ARS vow to do their utmost to defeat an expanded recognition of the carry permits of law-abiding citizens. Both groups argue that national recognition of concealed carry permits would be unsafe because of the different training standards for permits in each state.
This complaint is actually a not-so-veiled admission that national reciprocity would force gun control states like California, Illinois, New Jersey, and New York, to allow the exercise of Second Amendment rights by concealed carry permit holders from other states.
For example, California currently refuses to recognize the concealed carry permit from the other 49 states and places so many limitations on its own residents that fewer than 80,000 in-state permit holders exist. This scenario will be done away once national reciprocity forces recognition of the Second Amendment right to bear arms.
Peter Ambler is the executive director of Giffords’ gun control group and he suggests national reciprocity has only gained momentum because people are uneducated. He said, “We’ve got an education deficit both on the Hill and around town among members of Congress, senators, staff, members of the media.”
On April 10, 2017, Breitbart News reported that Bloomberg’s Everytown for Gun Safety pledged $25 million to defeat national reciprocity.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
More information on the rally is available here.
When Students for Life of America launched our #Sockit2PP campaign last month, we knew we could make a significant visual impact when we brought our baby socks to Congress – and that time has finally come!
Next Wednesday, April 26th, we are going to bring over 176,000 baby socks to the lawn of the Capitol for a stunning display of Planned Parenthood’s callous disregard for human life.
Said Hawkins of Trump’s early record on pro-life issues, “He’s had a pretty great pro-life record. Considering what we were facing in November he’s done a terrific job.”
Continued Hawkins, “He’s really stepped up in terms of his staffing … who he’s appointed. Obviously, we have a remarkable cabinet, a pro-life cabinet. We had a great meeting with secretary Price over at Health and Human Services. We’ve got Kellyanne Conway, who is right there in the West Wing with him every day – Attorney General Sessions. And we’re not even talking about Vice President Pence and the amazing pro-life advocate that he has been throughout his career.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Regarding the recent booing of Ivanka for her father’s alleged treatment of women versus how they may have treated Chelsea Clinton, Hallberg said, “Well, she wouldn’t have been asked any question about that. And that’s the difference.”
Continued Hallberg, “The difference is, when you have Ivanka Trump up there, and people have a perception she is defending her father who is, they would think, a conservative – they would even put her in that camp, which Ivanka Trump is not a conservative. She has the biased questions because people don’t like Trump, especially in Europe.”
“But you would never see Chelsea Clinton asked a question about her father and his treatment of women,” she concluded.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Concordia is located in Moorhead, Minnesota.
According to Inforum, 22-year-old senior Liam Nuhring filed an application with the school to create the group and said the school’s decision was not a shock. He said, “This is something we all saw coming. It wasn’t a surprise by any means.”
He spent the last six months working with the school and the NRA in the hope of forming the group, and 50 students had already expressed their intention to join. But the Office of Student Engagement rejected Nuhring’s application, “[citing] what the student handbook states about new student organizations not conflicting with the values or principles of Concordia and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.”
The rejection letter clearly stated that ELCA “is in favor of gun control… and the church has a social policy resolution on community violence and gun control.”
The ELCA “solution policy resolution” seeks “legislation that rigidly controls manufacture, importation, exportation, sale, purchase, transfer, receipt, possession and transportation of handguns, assault weapons and assault-like weapons and their parts, excluding rifles and shotguns used for hunting and sporting purposes, for use other than law enforcement and military purposes.”
The Office of Student Engagement contrasted these gun control ambitions with the NRA, saying, “The NRA strongly opposes such views regarding gun management.”
Nuhring is going to continue working to form a gun club on campus, and still hopes to use funding from the NRA to accomplish it. At the same time, he is aware that he may have to drop “NRA” from the group’s title in order to secure the college’s approval.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The FBI’s Long Island Gang Task Force Director Geraldine Hart told NBC New York in an interview that members of MS-13 “bolster their ranking among other gangs by using violence.”
Hart told the media that the MS-13 gang problem, specifically as its members are usually illegal immigrants, is a national issue across the U.S.
“This is not a local problem,” Hart told NBC New York. “This is a national and international problem. We know that there are direct links from El Salvador up here into the New York area.”
The area of Brentwood, Long Island, more precisely, has undergone a transformation due to the MS-13 gang and its roots in illegal immigration.
As the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) notes, MS-13 flourished in Brentwood as placement of unaccompanied minor illegal immigrant children grew more than 100 percent from 2015 to 2016.
Brentwood has seen a booming El Salvadorian population in an area that was once primarily working class, Puerto Rican-Americans.
“By 2010, nearly 40 percent of the community was born in or had citizenship from a Central American country,” CIS Fellow Joseph Kolb writes. “This figure was nearly six times the national average. The majority 68 percent Hispanic population shifted now to 51 percent Central American and 18 percent Puerto Rican.”
Recent Long Island-area deaths by MS-13 include the brutal murders of Nisa Mickens and Kayla Cuevas, two teenage girls beaten and killed by illegal immigrant gang members, Breitbart Texas reported.
Other recent murder victims of MS-13 include teenagers Michael Lopez Banegas, Jefferson Villalobos, Jorge Tigre and Justin Llivicura, all of whom were beaten to death in Long Island’s Recreation Village Town Park, Breitbart Texas reported.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers escorted Enrique Ariza Rivas, 49, on a flight to Colombia where they turned him over to law enforcement officials. The former Colombian director of intelligence will face charges of aggravated psychological torture and other crimes related to illegal wiretapping, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials.
“Bringing this criminal to justice highlights that the United States and ICE will not allow criminals to hide behind the protections of our borders, no matter how important their former positions,” Orlando ERO Field Office Chief Counsel Maria Bjornerud said in a written statement.
Colombian officials also charged other members of Colombia’s Administrative Department of Security (DAS) in the same case. The Colombian government dissolved the organization.
“As this removal makes clear, ICE is working closely with its foreign counterparts to promote public safety and hold criminals accountable,” Miami Field Office Director Marc J. Moore stated.
ERO officials worked closely with ICE’s Human Rights Violators and War Crimes Center (WRVWCC). ICE established the investigative unit in 200 to enhance the agency’s ability to identify, track, and prosecute human right abusers by leveraging the expertise of a specialized group of agents, lawyers, intelligence operatives, and research specialists.
ICE officials arrested nearly 400 people for human rights-related offenses since 2003, officials stated. In addition, ICE obtained deportation orders and subsequently removed 785 known or suspected human rights violators from the U.S. There are currently more than 160 such cases in process. These cases involve violators from 95 different countries around the globe.
ERO officers developed the case against Ariza in cooperation with Homeland Security Investigations special agents in Bogota, the Transnational Criminal Investigative Unit, and International Operations staff.
Upon Ariza’s arrival in Colombia, HSI agents in Bogota turned the fugitive over to Colombian law enforcement officials.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.



ARTICLE
Trump, whose first scheduled first foreign trip as president is a visit to Brussels next month, is looking to expand on that by arriving in Israel on May 21 or in the days after, the reports said.
If Trump were to visit on those dates it would coincide with Israel’s celebration of the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem in the 1967 Six Day War, which falls this year on the eve of May 23 and the day of the 24th.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Trump tried to wrangle Congress into supporting the House Republican Obamacare replacement by using all of the social tools of the White House.
He met with conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus at the White House and moderate members of the Wednesday Group. Senior White House aides and Vice President Mike Pence hosted multiple meetings at the White House to make a deal.
“He’s thrown the doors open to the White House,” one White House aide explained to Breitbart News, ticking off the various executive meetings with members of Congress.
The meetings have gone both ways. Trump traveled to the Capitol to discuss his agenda, attending a Senate lunch where he was warmly received.
Wednesday, the president’s cabinet secretaries will propose dramatic tax reform proposals, urging Congress to rally behind his ideas to jumpstart the economy. On the same day, a plan to adjust the House replacement of Obamacare is taking shape, after conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus have drafted adjustments to the legislation.
Although congressional members have been on break for most of April, White House aides say their legislative staff has worked with the White House to develop a plan to push solutions forward.
House Republican leaders remain intentionally vague about a date on healthcare legislation, in an attempt to avoid an “artificial deadline” that cannot be met. Republicans were embarrassed after Speaker Paul Ryan canceled a scheduled vote on the healthcare bill because it lacked support.
If the House plan to replace Obamacare passes, it will be the end of an exhaustive whip process where many Republicans might not be delighted with the results.
But the White House is not entirely frustrated with Congress. With their cooperation, Trump signed 13 Congressional Review Acts to cut regulations and roll back some of the more onerous Obama-era agenda items in the federal government. Trump also extended the Veteran’s Choice Program, allowing veterans facing long wait times or are long distances from a VA hospital to seek care at a private hospital.
The “big win,” however, remains elusive, as media critics jaw about the Trump White House’s inexperience with the ways of Washington, DC, and the befuddled House Republicans, who suddenly have to lead after years of obstruction.
The future of Trump’s presidency depends on whether his White House learns to lead Congress — and whether Congress can rally behind his agenda.



ARTICLE
The Immigration Reform Law Institute (IRLI) filed a brief in appellate court for a federal lawsuit against Trump’s executive order which originally intended to halt refugee resettlement from terror-prone nations, according to a news release.
The group says that the ruling against Trump’s order “defied a large body of Supreme Court precedents establishing that, in First Amendment challenges, courts should give no more than limited scrutiny to presidential directives in the area of war, foreign relations, and the admission of aliens.”
The brief highlights that the challenge by the district court in Hawaii had no more authority to halt Trump’s ban than it does to stop the President from eradicating the Islamic State, as he promised he would on the campaign trail last year.
“If calling for a temporary pause in Muslim entry reveals impermissible animus, surely announcing a war of extermination on a particular religious body does so even more,” the brief notes. “Yet no one believes that a federal district court has the power to enjoin our nation’s military campaign against the Islamic State.”
In March, Trump’s travel ban was shot down by a Hawaii judge after “the U.S.-citizen plaintiff, a Muslim, had standing because he claimed to be ‘deeply saddened…. by the message [the Order] conveys – that a broad travel ban is ‘needed’ to prevent people from certain Muslim countries from entering the United States,’ and because he believed that the Order would harm the ability of members of his mosque to associate freely with those of other faiths,” the brief states.
The Hawaii judge’s ruling also relied on statements made by Trump when he was running for office, rather than the language of the order.
IRLI’s Executive Director Dale Wilcox said in a statement that the Trump Administration is not the first to issue restrictions on immigration, which the U.S. Constitution gives broad power to.
“In our constitutional system, Congress has been delegated plenary power over immigration,” Wilcox said. “It has enacted many statutes over decades that restrict alien-entry based on nationality, religion, and ideology.”
“Through those statutes, Congress has given the President broad authority to control the entry of aliens into the U.S. who he deems detrimental to our interests,” Wilcox continued. “The EO was clearly designed to protect national security and does not run afoul of the Establishment Clause. The Ninth Circuit should dissolve the injunction.”
As Breitbart News reported last year, some 380 foreign-born terrorists have been convicted of terrorism in the U.S. since the September 11, 2001 Islamic terrorist attacks.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Under the heading “Seven Actions to Protect American Workers” in the contract, Trump spelled out how he would advance that goal in his first 100 days in office, which concludes on Saturday.
“I will lift the restrictions on the production of $50 trillion dollars’ worth of job-producing American energy reserves, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal,” Trump said.
He also pledged to “lift the Obama-Clinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects, like the Keystone Pipeline, to move forward.”
In a memorandum issued on January 24, 2017 — four days after taking the oath of office — Trump put his seal of approval on the Keystone XL Pipeline that the Obama administration held up for years based on protests from climate change activists and some Native American tribes.
On January 26, the State Department announced the Keystone construction could move forward:
Acting on behalf of the president under delegated authorities in accordance with Executive Order 13337 and the January 24, 2017 Presidential Memorandum Regarding Construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs determined that issuing a Presidential permit to Keystone to construct, connect, operate, and maintain at the border of the United States pipeline facilities for the import of crude oil from Canada to the United States as described in the Presidential permit application for the proposed Keystone XL pipeline project would serve the national interest. Accordingly, the request for a Presidential permit is approved:

“A significant milestone for the Keystone XL project," said Russ Girling, president &CEO https://t.co/HzvLhlYtAs #TimeToBuildKXL
— TransCanada (@TransCanada) March 24, 2017

Also on January 24, Trump issued a memorandum on the Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota, which Obama put on hold to appease protesters, including Native America tribes and allies who claimed environmental damage would result from the pipeline crossing under the Missouri River. But in the end, the people camping out on the land caused about $1 million in damage to the land that was repaired with American taxpayer dollars.
“I believe that construction and operation of lawfully permitted pipeline infrastructure serve the national interest,” Trump said in the memorandum approving the final phase of construction for the Dakota Access pipeline.
“We support the pro-jobs and pro-economy direction President Trump has taken on energy with his approval of KXL, DAPL and his actions to streamline regulations,” Sabrina Fang, spokesperson for the American Petroleum Institute, told Breitbart News. “We look forward to working with this administration and Congress on forward-looking energy policies that will help ensure the United States continues to lead the world in the production and refining of oil and natural gas and in reducing carbon emissions.”
“With the right policies, we have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to create more jobs, continue to help consumers, and improve the environment all at the same time,” Fang said.
In February, Trump signed an executive order calling for the review of the Waters of the United States’ rule, part of the Clean Water Plan, which put restrictions on waters on private land, harming farming and ranching operations across the country.
“Since its introduction in 2015, the rule has been greeted with frustration and litigation from many farming groups, including the Michigan Farm Bureau, which called the rule ‘a regulatory land grab of Biblical proportions,’” the Lansing State Journal reported.
EPA administrator Scott Pruitt joined the president for the announcement of the executive order and issued this statement:
EPA intends to immediately implement the Executive Order and submit a Notice to the Office of the Federal Register announcing our intent to review the 2015 Rule, and then to propose a new rule that will rescind or revise that rule. The President’s action today preserves a federal role in protecting water, but it also restores the states’ important role in the regulation of water.
The rule, however, was already held up from implementation because of lawsuits filed by 13 states, but Trump’s order makes its implementation virtually impossible in the coming years.
On March 28, surrounded by coal miners, Trump signed the “Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth” executive order.
“My administration is putting an end to the war on coal,” Trump said in a speech prior to signing the executive order.
In the order, Trump spells out his vision for America’s energy future:
It is in the national interest to promote clean and safe development of our nation’s vast energy resources, while at the same time avoiding regulatory burdens that unnecessarily encumber energy production, constrain economic growth, and prevent job creation. Moreover, the prudent development of these natural resources is essential to ensuring the Nation’s geopolitical security.
It is further in the national interest to ensure that the Nation’s electricity is affordable, reliable, safe, secure, and clean, and that it can be produced from coal, natural gas, nuclear material, flowing water, and other domestic sources, including renewable sources.
Accordingly, it is the policy of the United States that executive departments and agencies (agencies) immediately review existing regulations that potentially burden the development or use of domestically produced energy resources and appropriately suspend, revise, or rescind those that unduly burden the development of domestic energy resources beyond the degree necessary to protect the public interest or otherwise comply with the law.
In addressing coal in the sweeping order, Trump asked Ryan Zinke, secretary of the Interior Department, “to lift any and all moratoria on Federal land coal leasing activities related to Order 3338. The Secretary shall commence Federal coal leasing activities consistent with all applicable laws and regulations.”
The order also calls for review of restrictions on gas and oil production, including regulations on hydraulic fracturing.
Trump took dead aim at the Obama administration’s climate change regulations, including ordering a review of the Clean Power Plan, Obama’s Climate Action Plan, and a slew of other actions taken during the past eight years.
The order also called for the disbanding of the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases.
“The action I’m taking eliminates federal overreach, restores economic freedom and allows our workers to thrive, compete and succeed on a level playing field for the first time in a long time,” Trump said about the order.
“That’s what this is all about — bringing back our jobs, bringing back our dreams, and making America wealthy again,” Trump said.
And in addition to the public executive orders and memorandums, a leaked working document from the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Land Management (BLM) reveals how Trump wants to return the vast amount of land held by the federal government to allow not only recreation, hunting, and accessibility for law enforcement and the military, but for energy exploration, development, and production.
“Several conservation and government watchdog groups say they’re concerned about the direction the Bureau of Land Management is headed after a draft list of agency priorities under the Trump administration surfaced this week,” Greenwire’s E&E News reported.
“The draft five-point ‘BLM Priority Work’ list, first reported on … by E&E News, calls for the agency to focus on increasing energy development in suitable areas of the 245 million acres BLM manages (Greenwire, April 10),” E&E News reported.
The document is divided into five sections — “Making America Safe through Energy Independence,” “Making America Great Through Shared Conservation Stewardship,” “Making America Safe – Restoring Our Sovereignty,” “Getting America Back to Work,” and “Serving the American Family.”
“It also prioritizes streamlining unspecified ‘processes’ mandated by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), as well as ‘land use planning to support energy and minerals development and other priorities,’ including ‘rights-of-way processing for pipelines, transmission lines, and solar/wind projects,’” E&E News reported.



ARTICLE
Once known as the home of the Free Speech Movement, UC Berkeley has become a virtual no-go zone for conservative speakers, from libertarian entrepreneur Peter Thiel (chased offstage by a mob in 2014), to gay conservative writer Milo Yiannopolous (shut down by riots in February). Berkeley administrators and police have refused to intervene to stop students and off-campus activists, and to protect the exercise of First Amendment rights.
Coulter was invited to speak by the Berkeley College Republicans, Young America’s Foundation (YAF), and a student dialogue group called BridgeCal. The event was set for April 27, but the UC Berkeley administration canceled the event. It offered alternative dates, ostensibly because they would be more manageable from a security standpoint. But Coulter refused to bow to the “heckler’s veto” — or, more accurately, “rioter’s veto” — over when she would speak.
Now, Coulter is planning to show up on campus Thursday regardless. She is expected to speak outdoors in Sproul Plaza, which is a designated free speech area on campus, and the site of the 1964 demonstrations that launched the Free Speech Movement. (No time has yet been set for the speech.) Fox reports that police are bracing for riots by leftists, anarchists, and so-called “anti-fascist” activists, whether or not Coulter actually appears on campus and tries to speak.
YAF and the Berkeley College Republicans are suing the university, and on Tuesday YAF withdrew its support for the Coulter event, citing the refusal of local law enforcement to protect participants. Berkeley’s mayor, 32-year-old Jesse Arreguin, expressed sympathy for the protests against Milo. He is also allegedly a member of the Facebook group of By Any Means Necessary (BAMN), a local left-wing militant group that has played a leading role in the unrest.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
In his 18-minute address, adhering strictly to TED guidelines, the Pope spoke of solidarity and connectedness, while also warning the many entrepreneurs and innovators listening that with great power comes great responsibility.
“Please, allow me to say it loud and clear: the more powerful you are, the more your actions will have an impact on people, the more responsible you are to act humbly,” Francis said”. If you don’t, your power will ruin you, and you will ruin the other.”
“Power is like drinking gin on an empty stomach,” Francis said, quoting a popular saying from his native Argentina. “You feel dizzy, you get drunk, you lose your balance, and you will end up hurting yourself and those around you, if you don’t connect your power with humility and tenderness.”
 
Just six hours after its posting, the video had garnered nearly 140,000 views. Delivered in Italian, the talk offered subtitles in 22 different languages.
In his opening words, the Pope said he was “thrilled” to participate in the TED conference, which bore the title “The Future You.”
“The future is made of ‘yous,’” the Pope said. “It is made of encounters, because life flows through our relations with others.”
Francis said that his long years of life have led him to the conviction that “each and everyone’s existence is deeply tied to that of others: life is not time merely passing by, life is about interactions.”
“As I meet, or lend an ear to those who are sick, to the migrants who face terrible hardships in search of a brighter future, to prison inmates who carry a hell of pain inside their hearts, and to those, many of them young, who cannot find a job, I often find myself wondering: ‘Why them and not me?’” he said.
“I could have very well ended up among today’s ‘discarded’ people. And that’s why I always ask myself, deep in my heart: ‘Why them and not me?’” he added.
In classic Jesuit style, the Pope offered three points in his message to the conference.
As his first point, Francis focused on interconnectedness, insisting that “none of us is an island, an autonomous and independent ‘I,’ separated from the other, and we can only build the future by standing together, including everyone.”
For his second point, Pope Francis said that the growth of scientific and technological innovation must be accompanied “with more equality and social inclusion.”
“How wonderful would it be, while we discover faraway planets, to rediscover the needs of the brothers and sisters orbiting around us,” he said, while adding that solidarity should not be reduced to social work, but should be “the default attitude in political, economic and scientific choices, as well as in the relationships among individuals, peoples and countries.”
Only in this way, he said, will society overcome the “culture of waste” with its tendency of “putting products at their core, instead of people.”
Francis also appealed to the entrepreneurs courage and creativity, stressing that love itself requires “a creative, concrete and ingenious attitude.”
“Let us help each other, all together,” he said, “to remember that the other is not a statistic or a number. The other has a face. The ‘you’ is always a real presence, a person to take care of.”
Thirdly, the Pope spoke of igniting a “revolution of tenderness.”
Tenderness, he said, “means to use our eyes to see the other, our ears to hear the other, to listen to the children, the poor, those who are afraid of the future.”
It also means to “use our hands and our heart to comfort the other, to take care of those in need.”
Since tenderness means a willingness to put oneself on the same level as the other, he said, Jesus is the prime example of such an attitude.
“God himself descended into Jesus to be on our level,” he said. “This is the path that Jesus himself took. He lowered himself, he lived his entire human existence practicing the real, concrete language of love.”
“Tenderness is not weakness; it is fortitude. It is the path of solidarity, the path of humility.”
The Pope has been a vocal advocate of harnessing the new media for evangelizing, and makes frequent use of video-messages to get his word out to different groups and peoples.
According to a 2015 study, Pope Francis is the most influential person on Twitter and his influence is growing steadily. The Pope is the most retweeted world leader, which counts more than raw number of followers for “influence,” according to the criteria used by the study.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
“Our relations with Germany are strong and they are important and they will continue,” Netanyahu said, explaining his decision to cancel the meeting with a senior representative of one of Israel’s most important friends in Europe.
“My policy is clear: not to meet with diplomats who visit Israel and meet with organizations that defame IDF soldiers and try to prosecute our soldiers as war criminals, which diplomats would never consider doing in the United States, Britain or anywhere else,” he said. “Our soldiers are the basis of our existence. They are guarding us, and we will protect them.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
“I am leading Israel’s foreign relations to unprecedented growth,” he told a group of young contestants in the International National Bible Quiz. “But I am doing so based on a proud and assertive national policy, not out of weakness or with a bowed head.”
Netanyahu told Gabriel he would not meet him if he went ahead with plans to meet with Breaking the Silence, a left-wing Israeli group critical of the IDF’s operations in the Palestinian territories. When Sigmar refused to cancel his meeting with the NGO, the prime minister made good on his threat.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
The officials said the Mahan altered course to avoid the Iranian warship, sounded the danger signal, fired flares and manned its own weapons. The Iranian ship did not come closer than 1,000 yards and no warning shots were fired.
“Coming inbound at a high rate of speed like that and manning weapons, despite clear warnings from the ship, is obviously provocative behavior,” said one American official in describing the Iranian actions.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
“My relationship with Israel, and Germany’s relationship to Israel, will not be changed by this in any way,” Gabriel said, after learning that Netanyahu had axed their meeting. Netanyahu was furious over Gabriel’s decision to meet with Breaking the Silence — an NGO that releases anonymous testimonies purportedly from IDF soldiers. Many of the testimonies accuse Israel of committing war crimes.
In a terse statement, Netanyahu’s office commented: “Imagine if foreign diplomats visiting the United States or Britain met with NGOs that call American or British soldiers war criminals. Leaders of those countries would surely not accept this.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Speaking on behalf of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, Stephen Greenberg, its Chairman and Malcolm Hoenlein, its Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, noted appreciatively that Trump “clearly and forcefully condemned all forms of anti-Semitism, calling out Holocaust denial, threats to Israel’s existence, anti-Semitic discourse and rhetoric and attacks on Jewish communities.”
Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt commented, “It deeply matters that President Trump used the power of his office to stand against anti-Semitism and hate and to honor the memory of the six million Jews and millions of others murdered in Europe.” Greenblatt encouraged Trump to “continue to use his bully pulpit to speak out against anti-Semitism, bigotry, and hatred in all forms. We urge the president and his administration to act to protect targeted communities against hate crime and discrimination.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Trump has requested increased defense spending for 2017 from Congress, but that now hinges on what happens by the end of this week, when a short-term government spending measure for 2017 runs out.
In March, Trump requested $30 billion more to supplement the $583 billion in expected defense spending for 2017.
“We are going to spend a lot more money on military. We really have to. We have no choice. A lot of people think it’s a tremendous amount of money. It could be actually $30 [billion] more than that. We are going to upgrade our military very substantially,” he said February 27 in Washington, D.C.
Of the $30 billion, $5 billion would go to war fighting. But $25 billion would go towards a mixture of growing the size of the military, restoring its readiness to fight, buying more aircraft and other things he had talked about on the campaign trail.
Trump’s budget director, former Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), called it the “first step in investing in a larger, more ready and more capable force.”
This past Sunday, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus on NBC’s “Meet the Press” touted the request as “one of the biggest increases in military spending in decades.”
However, that funding now hangs in the balance, as Congress seeks to avoid a government shutdown on Friday.
Passing a spending bill will require the support of at least eight Senate Democrats, making a compromise all but unavoidable.
In one prospective deal, reported by The Hill on Tuesday, Democrats would agree to only a $15 billion increase in military spending, in exchange for Republicans agreeing to fund healthcare subsidies.
With $5 billion slated for war fighting, that would leave $10 billion for more troops and the things Trump said he wanted to spend on.
Republican defense hawks on Capitol Hill are fuming, and don’t understand why Trump, or any administration official, is not fighting for his original $30 billion request, according to a source.
“What is frustrating to defense hawks is that this White House could get every dollar of the supplemental they asked for, if only if they would be willing to fight for it,” said a congressional staffer close to defense hawks.
“And that would be a huge win on a top priority of the president’s in the first hundred days. Instead, they appear to be settling for less than half, leaving people to question how serious they are about rebuilding the military in 2018,” the staffer said.
The White House did not respond for a request for comment by deadline.
“The fact that not much has changed in the defense budget in the first 100 days should not be a surprise,” said Todd Harrison, director of the Aerospace Security Project and Defense Budget Analysis at the non-partisan Center for Strategic and International Studies.
“The politics that brought us to gridlock on the budget were not fundamentally altered by the election,” he said.
The prospect for Trump’s plan to increase defense spending in 2018 is not so bright either, budget analysts say.
Trump has submitted a $54 billion increase in defense spending for 2018, which lawmakers in both parties have called “dead on arrival” since it would be off-set by cuts in non-defense spending that Democrats — and some Republicans — oppose.
“Everyone’s been saying it’s dead on arrival, because it is,” said Benjamin Friedman, defense analyst at the libertarian CATO Institute. “The accomplishment is that they submitted a skinny budget. The problem is that they submitted a skinny budget that is not going to pass the Congress.”
“It doesn’t even look to me that they designed their request to be passed, but sort of to make a point. If you design a budget that’s going to cut domestic, non-defense spending entirely to pay for this, zero Democrats will vote for it, and you can’t pass it in the Senate,” he said. “So it’s going nowhere.”
Budget analysts say the $54 billion — which is three percent above what former President Obama had projected for 2018 — would also not be enough to achieve the plan Trump laid out on the campaign trail.
That plan called for growing the Army by another 60,000 soldiers, the Marine Corps by another 12,000, the Navy by 76 more ships, and the Air Force by at least another 100 combat aircraft.
“The budget levels he has proposed for [fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018] would not come close to supporting the growth in the size of the military he talked about during the campaign,” said Harrison.
“To support the force he campaigned on would require a budget increase of almost double what he proposed,” he added.
Harrison said it’s possible that Trump will seek higher defense spending increases after 2018, but said it’s unlikely given the political circumstances.
“It is possible to keep increasing the budget over the [five year outlook] but if he can’t get a budget deal in [fiscal year 2018] then there is little reason to think he would get an even bigger deal in the future,” he said.
Trump also promised to end the sequester, which refers to the budget caps that began under the 2011 Budget Control Act and will slash the defense budget by $500 billion by 2021.
Depending on the deal lawmakers work out for the defense supplemental, the caps might be lifted for 2017 — much as how they have been lifted for several years at a time since 2013.
But eliminating the caps permanently would require a deal between Republicans and Democrats on tax and spending reform. Without that, Trump will continue to face an uphill battle to spend more on defense without also spending more on non-defense.
Friedman said without any major changes, the current defense budget outlook is more of the same.
“The basic problem here is that the deficit is really high. In 10 years, the latest [Congressional Budget Office] estimate is we’re going to have a $23 trillion national debt. Trump meanwhile is proposing a huge tax cut, which would add to that.
“And what happens when we have concerns about our deficit is Republicans say, ‘Well we can’t increase taxes to cover deficits,’ and Democrats say, ‘We can’t cut entitlement spending to cover deficits.’ And in this case they’re joined at least for the moment by Trump, so what’s left?
“It’s the 35 percent or so of the budget that’s for discretionary spending. We control that. Sixty percent of that 35 percent is military. So the basic dynamic of the circumstances haven’t changed much since the passage of the Budget Control Act, which is that the defense budget is going to get squeezed,” he said.



ARTICLE
“The only way we’re going to get to four percent growth and to lower unemployment is to allow people to hire people and… hire people when they make money, so you know you gotta begin by cutting the rates,” said Williams. He pointed out the use of the term “revenue neutral” as one that isn’t used in the private sector.
The congressman emphasized the importance of tax reform leading to generating cash flow in the private sector. “Give them the tax cuts… let them make money,” he said.
“Government’s gotta find a way to reduce the debt, but let Americans cash flow our country.” Williams said you do that by doing the things we’re talking about, as he referred to his Jumpstart America plan released last summer. He added that he has been talking about tax reform his entire time in congress.
Williams went on to say:
Let’s cash flow the country and then let government get real serious about things like massive cuts in government… let repatriation royalties on drilling on federal lands, more taxpayers, and repatriation, let that begin to be the pay to offset revenue they thought they might lose.
“The American public didn’t put us in a $20 trillion dollar debt — the federal government did,” he said.
Williams stated that he wouldn’t be opposed to a multiple-step plan so long as government didn’t cut rates but then follow up by raising them back up. He specifically mentioned not wanting to see a border tax that raises the rates back up.
The congressman agreed with the intention floated on Monday by U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, that a tax plan could pay for itself.
Asked if he expected to see a gap of time between when rates are first cut and when a potential plan would begin to pay for itself, Williams said, “I’m sure you might have a dip ’til everybody can begin to believe what we’re doing is really true, but it will eventually catch, it will catch up with itself.”
The Texas native is a second generation business owner and has been in business for 45 years. He recounted many trials, such as skyrocketing interest and economic problems of the 1980s, that he said many people haven’t experienced what he has.
“When you turn the economy over to Main Street America and business, the economy grows, but the way we are going now, we can never catch up with the spending… We gotta quit spending. Quit spending, that’s what businesses do, that’s what families do, and we need to do that in federal government,” the congressman said.
Repealing the inheritance “death” tax is one of eight points in Williams’ own Jumpstart America tax plan. While he said it is not a make-or-break, he brought up when the U.S. House had passed legislation to repeal the death tax, but it stalled in the U.S. Senate. Having experience with the tax himself, he said, “an asset doesn’t mean you have cash and people have already paid taxes on this.
“We’ve done studies and we’ve seen studies and if you do away with the inheritance tax you can add hundreds of thousands of jobs in America and the reason being is because some people are saving money each month to pass to their kids or maybe they have an insurance policy they make a premium on. If you do away with the inheritance tax they don’t need to save the cash, they don’t need to make the insurance premium, they can build their home, they can give to their church, they can build their business and pass net worth onto the next generation. And isn’t that what we should do in America instead of passing cold cash down or insurance policy? Let’s pass net worth on.”
He spoke of how the inheritance tax hurts the ability of families to carry on a family businesses.
Williams said that he has not seen any official plan being worked on by House Republican Leadership or the White House, but he has offered his input to the Trump Administration. He noted that he had also testified for the Ways and Means Committee, chaired by his good friend Rep. Kevin Brady, about the Jumpstart America tax plan.
The congressman did say that he hears some of what Ways and Means is talking about for a tax plan and “some of it scares me.” He later adjusted the use of the term “scares” to mean “disagree with.” Asked what items those include he quickly cited the border tax, “The border tax I disagree with. That’s a tax increase.” He said that tax raises the cost of goods and services to the consumer. He also wants to see businesses to be able to interest expense.
He added that to the best of his knowledge his plan is the “only one out there getting any traction.”
Asked about a timeline for a tax reform package to be completed, Williams strongly cautioned against putting a timeline on such a package as was done recently with attempts to pass healthcare reform. He did however, saythe end of the year is a very realistic timeline for a package to be completed.
“To me this should, if sold right, be an easier sell than healthcare because a lot of people understand this,” said Williams, adding it could be made retroactive for the 2017 tax year.
“But we need to get it right,” said Rep. Williams. He again mentioned the border tax among other items that he said, “is not something I can support, but I can support supporting small business, giving an opportunity to cash flow with the understanding that government would do their thing.” He said he wants to see government get smaller and curb spending.
Williams was asked about other points of his Jumpstart America tax reform plan such as preserving LIFO accounting and allowing for 100% expensing of fixed asset purchases. He said 100% expensing would not affect everyone, but would help the economy as people are freed up to buy more things. On LIFO, he noted that for years the Obama Administration said the LIFO carry forward as money, but countered that it is a legitimate tax issue that if hit at around 40%, most businesses would not have the cash and it would “hurt Main Street America.”
He added that among the things that concern him are, “I have a concern that there’s talk about taking companies from cash accounting to accrual accounting.”
He said it seems like government is always penalizing people.
Williams was asked if passing tax reform would take away some of the uncertainty in not knowing what tax changes may come. He responded, “We need some certainty, but it’s got to be the right kind of certainty.” He said you can’t cut people’s taxes in one place and raise it in another, “or take away the way they’ve accounted for their business for 40-50 years.”
He suggested to pass tax reform and let Main Street America run with it, while the government finds other revenue sources, cuts the size of government, “just like every home does, just like every business does when they have a shortage.”
“I think President Trump, he thinks in those terms, because we’re business people,” said Williams. “And this is a business that has 50 small businesses, has 300 million customers, why don’t we try to take care of them?”
Williams said that he hopes the White House tax reform framework set to come out on Wednesday is reflective of what he’s saying about tax reform.
“We need to get it right. We don’t need to be in a hurry. We need to get it done this year.”
He said that if the federal government could cut personal and corporate tax rates and allowed 100% expensing of fixed assets for businesses, that would be a good start.
“It doesn’t have to be done in a chunk, but we we do need to cut rates, we need to, I think 100% expensing is important,” he said, re-emphasizing the importance of not placing an added burden on taxpayers.
Congressman Williams is now serving his third term as a member of the Financial Services Committee in the U.S. House of Representatives. His eight point tax plan Jumpstart America includes: personal tax brackets cut to 20% and 30%, corporate tax rate lowered to 20%, repatriation tax holiday at 5% rate, payroll tax cut for employers and employees of 2%, cut the Capital Gains and Dividends tax to 15% or 0%, eliminate the Inheritance tax, make bonus depreciation permanent at a 100% level and keep LIFO Accounting. Williams represents Texas’ 25th congressional district. He was previously appointed as Texas Secretary of State by then Gov. Rick Perry. He also served as regional finance chairman for then Gov. Bush in 1994 and 1998 and North Texas Chairman for the 2000 and 2004 Bush/Cheney presidential campaigns.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
The White House statement read:
Today, the rule of law suffered another blow, as an unelected judge unilaterally rewrote immigration policy for our Nation. Federal law explicitly states that “a Federal, State or Local government entity or official may not prohibit, or in any way restrict, any government entity or official from sending to, or receiving from, the Immigration and Naturalization Service information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual.”  8 U.S.C. 1373(a).  That means, according to Congress, a city that prohibits its officials from providing information to federal immigration authorities — a sanctuary city — is violating the law.   Sanctuary cities, like San Francisco, block their jails from turning over criminal aliens to Federal authorities for deportation.  These cities are engaged in the dangerous and unlawful nullification of Federal law in an attempt to erase our borders.
Once again, a single district judge — this time in San Francisco — has ignored Federal immigration law to set a new immigration policy for the entire country.  This decision occurred in the same sanctuary city that released the 5-time deported illegal immigrant who gunned down innocent Kate Steinle in her father’s arms.  San Francisco, and cities like it, are putting the well-being of criminal aliens before the safety of our citizens, and those city officials who authored these policies have the blood of dead Americans on their hands.  This San Francisco judge’s erroneous ruling is a gift to the criminal gang and cartel element in our country, empowering the worst kind of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and putting thousands of innocent lives at risk.
This case is yet one more example of egregious overreach by a single, unelected district judge.  Today’s ruling undermines faith in our legal system and raises serious questions about circuit shopping.  But we are confident we will ultimately prevail in the Supreme Court, just as we will prevail in our lawful efforts to impose immigration restrictions necessary to keep terrorists out of the United States.
In the meantime, we will pursue all legal remedies to the sanctuary city threat that imperils our citizens, and continue our efforts to ramp up enforcement to remove the criminal and gang element from our country.  Ultimately, this is a fight between sovereignty and open borders, between the rule of law and lawlessness, and between hardworking Americans and those who would undermine their safety and freedom.
U.S. District Judge William Orrick III of San Francisco blocked the January 25 order on the basis that it targeted broad categories of federal funding for these sanctuary cities, and he determined that the plaintiffs were likely to succeed in their claims that the order is unconstitutional, according to Reuters.
San Francisco is among jurisdictions designated as sanctuary cities across the United States. California is one of a few states that have introduced legislation to become designated entirely as a sanctuary state.
Just last week Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued letters to sanctuary jurisdictions with a demand to comply with federal immigration laws or face losing law enforcement grant money. This week in Washington, D.C. Sessions met with mayors of 15 large cities, including some that represent sanctuary jurisdictions. The meeting centered around Department of Justice efforts to withhold funds from sanctuary cities.
Federal judges have, more than once, blocked the President’s executive orders to restrict travel from select countries where terrorism is prevalent — countries designated under the Obama Administration.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
The drill is designed to prepare the area for an attack involving multiple locations and “teams of perpetrators” and will occur across six undisclosed locations in D.C., northern Virginia, and Maryland, the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments announced in a press release.
Hundreds of volunteer actors, emergency medical personnel, police, and fire officials will participate in the drill.
“Law enforcement officials practice and exercise their skills on their own regularly because that’s the best way to ensure we are always ready to respond quickly and professionally,” Scott Boggs, the Council of Government’s Managing Director of Homeland Security and Public Safety, said in the release.
“On April 26, we’ll go one step further and stage a very realistic emergency event involving multiple sites and actors posing as the casualties. However, there is no reason for residents to be alarmed because the exercise will occur in a controlled environment,” Boggs added.
Officials say the drill will start at 7:30 a.m. Wednesday and go until afternoon.
The drill has been planned for more than a year and was designed as a way to “address terror attacks such as what unfolded in 2015 in Paris” in restaurants, cafes, and concert halls, Newsweek reported.



ARTICLE
The incident occurred about 1:30 a.m. on April 21.
According to Pantagraph, Kim Sinnott was at her parents’ home to celebrate her father’s 75th birthday when an alarm went off. Following the alarm, the family noticed a light was on in the garage, and Sinnott said, “We saw somebody walking in the garage.”
Armed with her father’s .32 caliber pistol, Sinnott and her sister walked out to the detached garage to investigate. Once there, she allegedly saw 21-year-old Mykale B. Davis inside and yelled for him not to come out. She told him she had a gun and informed him that police were on their way.
Sinnott said:
I told him that I had a gun. I was standing there looking at him with the gun pointing at him. I told him a hundred times not to come out because I had a gun and that I would shoot and that we were waiting for the cops, that we had the cops on the line right now.
Then Davis opened the garage door and allegedly tackled Sinnott. She said, “When he grabbed me and pulled me down I was fearing for my life. I shot him just for him to let me go. I don’t know if it was in the leg or in the foot. I was scared to death.”
Davis was treated for non-life threatening injuries and “charged with one count of burglary and one count of battery.”
After everything was over, Sinnott said, “God doesn’t give you anything you can’t handle, but I’m about done.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Congressman Massie (R-KY) spoke to Breitbart News on President Donald Trump’s first 100 days, saying the president is off to a great start, and calling the nomination of Neil Gorsuch a defining moment for the Trump presidency.
He told Breitbart News:
I’m excited for the wins that we got already, which includes Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch being confirmed and that’s going to last for decades. Neil Gorsuch was worth the entire election, everything else is a bonus. As for other stuff he scores big points for rolling back the regulatory state. In my district two big deals are the EPA’s Waters of the US rule, and the Social Security gun grab. I’m excited about those things.
Massie explained that he loves using the Congressional Review Act to repeal regulations. He explained, “I lost track of how many we’ve done, and it was only used once successfully before Trump. and that was an OSHA rule with President George W. Bush that Bush was able to rescind a rule created during the Clinton era. I’m excited about all of those and more. but I’m particularly excited about the Social Security gun ban.”
The Kentucky congressman would love to see a comprehensive infrastructure plan. Massie said:
I would love for us to make progress on infrastructure. I am one of the most conservative members of Congress, and I serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee because I believe it’s vital to our country. it’s one of the few things our country should spend money on. I believe that there’s a constitutional and a federal nexus for it so I’d like to figure out how to address the nation’s infrastructure needs. Trump spoke to that on the campaign, and I think that a lot of Republicans and Democrats agree that we need this. So I believe that Trump can get the six votes he needs in the Senate to pass an infrastructure plan. We know he can get 218 in the House. I’m really excited he chose Elaine Chao to be Transportation Secretary.
Massie cheered Trump nominating Scott Garrett to run the Export-Import Bank. He said:
He couldn’t pick a better person than Scott Garrett to run the Export-Import Bank. Obviously I want to eliminate the Export-Import Bank, but if there’s going to be someone to run, then Scott should run it. He’s the best person he can choose. It’s not in the win column, but it’s something for Congress to do, not the president. We should elect more people in Congress to get rid of the Export-Import Bank.
Looking forward, Congressman Massie believes that tax reform can do some great work if it cuts Americans’ tax burden and does not add to the deficit. He said:
In spite of the caution, there’s a lot of opportunity in tax reform. I think what we should do instead of swallowing the entire apple whole, we should take several bites at it. I agree in large part with Stephen Moore and Larry Kudlow in their Wall Street Journal op-ed that we should take it slow and rack up some wins and realize that tax reform does not have to be revenue neutral. Revenue neutral means that someone’s taxes are going down and somebody’s taxes are going up.
“I would like us to see a real tax cut along with tax reform and we can accomplish that without increasing the deficit. We can make up the difference by cutting spending, especially in a lot of ways that works with Trump’s narrative. We spent a $100 billion in Afghanistan rebuilding their infrastructure…. I would like to see Trump bring that money back. That’s a great opportunity right there,” Massie concluded.



ARTICLE
According to Zinke, the review will feature monuments of 100,000 acres or more designated from January 1, 1996 and advise the president of possible actions. The review will feature an estimation of about 24-40 national monuments and tens of millions of acres designated in the last 20 years.
“It directs the Department of Interior to make recommendations to the president on whether the monument should be rescinded, resized, modified in order to better manage our federal lands,” Zinke told reporters in a White House briefing on Tuesday evening. The president will travel to the Department of the Interior offices in Washington D.C. to sign the executive order on Wednesday.
The review would specifically address Obama’s Bear Ears designation within 45 days in an interim review, with a final review scheduled for 120 days, according to Zinke.
The Bears Ears monument is 1.35 million acres — part of the over 553 million acres of land and sea designated as a monument during Obama’s presidency. Zinke also mentioned a review of the Grand Staircase monument (1,700,000 acres) instituted by Clinton. Clinton added 5.7 million acres of land, while George W. Bush designated 214 millions acres, which included acres of water.
But Zinke specifically mentioned two controversial monuments in Utah, including the more recent designation of Bears Ears monument by Obama.
Zinke said the review would give state representatives and local industry a chance to for more input, fulfilling Trump’s campaign promises.
“I can tell you as a kid that grew up in Montana, who grew up in the West … this is long overdue,” Zinke said.
Zinke said it was “undisputed” that a president had the authority to modify a monument, although it was untested by the courts.
He acknowledged that environmental groups would try to challenge any efforts by Trump to modify any monument.
“Prudent public policy should be the right policy, and I’m not in fear of getting sued, I get sued all the time,” Zinke said. “I don’t think law suits should shape public policy. I think public policy should do what’s right.”
He blamed the media for raising fears that the review would set the stage of increasing oil and gas development of public lands.
“I’ve heard that many times and I think it’s the modern media that we live in today, we’re so polarized today,” Zinke said, promising that the review was not predisposed by a particular outcome.
 
The Interior Department issued a list of monuments that would likely fall under the review ordered by the president:




ARTICLE
Session’s Justice Department sent a letter to eight sanctuary cities and the “sanctuary state” of California last week demanding they show compliance with federal immigration laws or lose law enforcement grant money. In a statement issued after Tuesday’s meeting, Sessions clarified what he expects from cities in states in the fight against illegal alien crime:
The Department of Justice will fulfill our responsibility to uphold and enforce our nation’s immigration laws, including 8 U.S.C. 1373.  Under the Obama administration, the Department of Justice required certain grantees to certify compliance with federal law, including 8 U.S.C. 1373, as a condition for receiving grant funding.
8 U.S.C. 1373 prohibits local jurisdictions from preventing the Immigration and Naturalization Service from getting immigration status information on people they detain.
At least two leaders from such jurisdictions attended the morning meeting with the Attorney General, Mayor Mitch Landrieu of New Orleans, and Mayor Steve Adler of Austin. The Associated Press reported the mayors saying the legal definition of that term “sanctuary cities” was clarified at the meeting.
Cutting funding from sanctuary cities has been a centerpiece of Session’s new policy at DOJ and a major effort of the Trump administration. The meeting with mayors was to serve as an opportunity to explain these efforts to city leaders, beginning with the already announced plan to withhold law enforcement grants. In his statement, Sessions explained:
We are pleased that the mayors who met with us today assured us they want to be in compliance with the law.  The vast majority of state and local jurisdictions are in compliance and want to work with federal law enforcement to keep their communities safe.  Of course, compliance with 8 U.S.C. 1373 is the minimum the American people should expect.  We want all jurisdictions to enthusiastically support the laws of the United States that require the removal of criminal aliens, as many jurisdictions already do.
A U.S. district court ruling, handed down only hours after Sessions met with the mayors, frustrates wider efforts by the administration to stop grant money flowing to jurisdictions that refuse to comply with 8 U.S.C. 1373. The ruling, by Judge William Orrick of the San Francisco-based U.S. District Court for the District of Northern California, blocks a section of President Donald Trump’s February executive order authorizing the withdrawal of all federal funds from such jurisdictions. That authority will now be suspended while the lawsuit, launched by a group of California sanctuary cities, works its way through the courts.
The ruling may not, however, effect Sessions’s demands for compliance. The DOJ grants he is threatening to withdraw already had their own provisions preventing them from being dispensed to jurisdictions that fail to comply with 8 U.S.C. 1373 before President Trump’s executive order.



ARTICLE
In its report, ETC insists that “investments” of up to $500 billion per annum would not “pose a major macroeconomic challenge” to nations accepting the call to fund the project.
The group is made up of energy company executives, activists, investment bankers, Al Gore, and others who would financially benefit from the immense influx of  funds, the Daily Caller reports.
According to the ETC website, the group’s goal is to “accelerate change towards low-carbon energy systems that enable robust economic development and limit the rise in global temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius.”
The chief avenue the group advocates to cut global warming is to force governments around the world to place an ever growing tax on carbon emissions as a means to force change in energy policy. The punishing taxes, they say, would cause the energy industry to seriously explore alternate energy sources and cut back use of fossil fuels.
It recommends that the world cut emissions to a “net zero” by the year 2050 to hold back global heating.
The group also calls for direct investment in green energy. ETC claims that the world must fund “investment in renewables and other low-carbon technologies some $6 trillion higher ($300 billion per year); while the largest required increases – of almost $9 trillion ($450 billion per year) – will be in more efficient energy saving equipment and buildings.”
ETC has focused its activism on the Paris climate agreement, which President Obama signed onto without Senate approval. The plan was to take effect in 2016, but since coming to office President Trump has put a hold on much of the country’s compliance with the agreement.
Trump has also begun considering whether or not to completely pull out of the agreement. Trump’s Environmental Protection Agency chief, Scott Pruitt, has urged the president to exit the agreement and at least one climate scientist, Dr. Duane Thresher, has warned Trump not to cave in to his daughter’s “climate change madness.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com



ARTICLE
“There’s no intent to make a pun, but it really is to give a voice to the victims of crimes that have been committed by those who are in the country illegally,” said DHS spokesman David Lapan to reporters in Washington, D.C. in response to a skeptical question about why the government wants to launch a program helping Americans suffering from illegal alien crime. “There are a lot of offices and entities that do similar things for crime victims writ large, but nobody has the level of understanding of immigration that ICE does. And so it’s a way to keep victims and their families informed, and not just about the criminal justice aspects of their particular case, but the immigration aspects.”
“That’s something that isn’t covered by other groups and offices who maintain contact with victims of crimes… So it’s a way to ensure that families and victims who have been affected by, again, those here illegally can understand where things are in the immigration process as well as in the criminal justice process,” he said.
One month after President Donald Trump assumed office, Kelly instructed ICE to create a program to provide families devastated by illegal alien crime and share more information about the foreign perpetrators who committed the alleged crimes.
“Criminal aliens routinely victimize Americans and other legal residents. Often, these victims are not provided adequate information about the offender, the offender’s immigration status, or any enforcement action taken by ICE against the offender,” Kelly said in a memo.
Rallying to the sides of American families and legal immigrants was a critical part of Trump’s successful presidential campaign. Trump repeatedly brought families who lost loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens on stage at campaign rallies, and was the only candidate to respond to an open letter pleading for a campaign to acknowledge and deliver justice to victimized and suffering American families. The immediacy of his campaign’s reply and the spotlight he shone on their plight was praised by an advocacy group that had fought for attention to the pressing issue for years.
“Donald Trump is the only candidate whose office has responded to their open letter and that the candidate will support a national program to assist families of victims of illegal aliens. Their response was immediate and they have stated they will support our efforts in assisting our families,” said Maria Espinoza, head of the Remembrance Project. Her organization plans to open an office in Washington, D.C. to support the program.
A December report estimated that some 820,000 illegals evaded deportation under the Obama administration—including roughly 620,000 convicted of terrible crimes such as murder and rape.
Read more of Breitbart News’ coverage on crimes committed by illegals and other foreign nationals here.



ARTICLE

I will end common core. It's a disaster.https://t.co/d83XYrqZ3m#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/r0Sc6zm80I
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2016

On Monday, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said, “There really isn’t any Common Core anymore,” citing the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which was passed in 2015. ESSA, she claims, “does away with the whole argument about Common Core.”
The secretary’s comments came just several weeks after Trump returned to his oft-repeated campaign statement that he wanted to end Common Core and make education policy once again the domain of state and local governments.
“Common Core, I mean, we have to bring education more local,” Trump said at the White House. “We can’t be managing education from Washington.”
The president continued:
When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally and they’ll do a much better job… And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core. You know, Common Core, to me, we have to end it. We have to bring education local, to me. I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign, and we’re doing it.
While campaigning in 2016 – after the enactment of ESSA – Trump listened to millions of grassroots parents and teachers who asked him to cut off federal funding for and end the superstructures that made Common Core possible in the first place.
“Common Core is a disaster,” Trump noted time and again. While he provided few details of his education plan, he acknowledged the frustration of parents in their attempt to eradicate the Common Core system of math and English language arts standards and tests, and the accompanying massive student data collection, in their states.
“For the first time in any presidential campaign, an education issue claimed a place of importance with grassroots citizens,” writes American Principles Project senior fellow Jane Robbins at the Library of Law and Liberty, explaining the basis for the grassroots’ ire at the progressive Common Core policies:
In the early days of Common Core, almost no one outside the federal and state education bureaucracies or the insular world of “education reform” had ever heard of it—even though the standards would ignite the largest education-related grassroots movement in American history. Common Core was adopted by state executive branch officials in response to “incentives” from federal executive branch officials, with (in almost every case) no consent from or even notice to elected state legislators.
In a joint statement to Breitbart News, parent activists Heidi Huber of Ohio and Jenni White of Oklahoma agree “the very reason blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump appealed to the everyday anti-Common Core mom is because he appeared to understand the kitchen table politics of grassroots America. ”
Toward the end of his campaign, Trump’s message about ending Common Core was overshadowed by a new message about school choice – one that received significant attention with the announcement of DeVos as his selection for federal education secretary. DeVos had been a major backer of school choice and school vouchers in her home state of Michigan. She had also been a supporter of Jeb Bush and his education foundation, and, ultimately, served as an at-large delegate for establishment Republican candidate John Kasich at the GOP convention.
Meanwhile, grassroots parent groups in Michigan also noted that DeVos lent financial and service support to organizations that promoted the Common Core. Upon her nomination by Trump, however, DeVos denied she supported the Core.
“I do support high standards, strong accountability, and local control,” she said. “When Governors such as John Engler, Mike Huckabee, and Mike Pence were driving the conversation on voluntary high standards driven by local voices, it all made sense.”
DeVos’s nomination was accompanied by a level of controversy rarely seen for an education secretary. The left – led by teachers unions – began to work against her because of her support for school choice which, they claimed, would redirect funding from public schools. The mainstream media focused its energy on the battle between its own leftwing public school supporters and “conservative” DeVos. As the left often does, it also often made the decision to mock the secretary unfairly, rather than deal with her on the actual issues.
After a very shaky confirmation process – which required Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie vote in the Senate – DeVos was finally confirmed. But the controversy continued within the GOP as the secretary began to fill her department with many individuals with ties to pro-Common Core Jeb Bush, as well as Indiana – where Common Core was “repealed,” but then simply “rebranded” with a new name.
Trump’s constitutionalist base continued the drumbeat on eliminating the U.S. Education Department and Washington bureaucrats’ influence on local education policy. Two bills were introduced in Congress with that end in mind, one by Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie (R), and the other by North Carolina Rep. David Rouzer (R).
Though DeVos has continued with comments that Common Core is no longer an issue because of its elimination through ESSA, those who have studied the federal law and observed the secretary’s choice of staffers say her comments are typical of the establishment GOP.
According to Huber and White, “Trump’s selection of Betsy DeVos was not only disappointing, it telegraphed more of the same tone deafness of the previous administration.”
“Betsy DeVos was confirmed and began assembling a team of staffers, most of whom represent pretty establishment Republican experience and positions,” Joy Pullman, managing editor at The Federalist, also tells Breitbart News.
The author of a newly released book, The Education Invasion: How Common Core Fights Parents for Control of American Kids, Pullman notes that while school choice is a positive goal, the idea that the federal government should be involved in regulating it in any way suggests the Trump education department is not planning on reducing its influence, as Trump had originally promised.
She explains:
Everyone without financial or political incentives to the contrary, such as teachers unions, knows that choice exists and it generally works. The real conversation is whether government will destroy it by using laws and regulations to commandeer private and charter options or stay true to the promise of the word “choice” and truly let parents control the style and content of their children’s curricula. Many questions remain unanswered about the Trump administration’s leadership on these issues, and there has been absolutely no action on Trump’s repeated campaign pledge to “eliminate Common Core.”
On the plus side, Trump signed legislation in March that, via the Congressional Review Act, rolled back two Obama-era education policies – one regarding teacher training programs, and another regarding meeting some ESSA directives.
The ESSA rule concerned states’ accountability in identifying failing schools and reporting their plans for improving them to the federal government. Nevertheless, ESSA still requires states to submit their overall education plans to the U.S. Education Department.
In March, DeVos’s office released a new guide on how states may fulfill their requirement to the federal government. The guide features a “revised template” offered by the education department itself, and adds that two private groups – the Council of Chief State School Officers and the National Governors Association – both of which own the copyright to the Common Core standards, may assist states with an “alternative template.”
Ann Marie Banfield, education liaison with the New Hampshire-based Cornerstone Research and Policy Institute, tells Breitbart News DeVos’s messages are at odds with how Trump campaigned on education issues:
Trump campaigned with the promise to get rid of Common Core and even referenced Gov. Jeb Bush as someone who supported the federal education reform that parents never asked for. The appointment of Betsy DeVos has left many of us underwhelmed and disappointed. You don’t appoint a Jeb Bush crony and expect parents who’ve been fighting against Common Core to be thrilled.
In February, conflict between Trump and DeVos was reported by the New York Times, as the president and Attorney General Jeff Sessions overturned Obama’s pro-transgender directive, which effectively permitted children to change their sex by simply declaring they have the “gender identity” of the other sex. DeVos reportedly objected to changing Obama’s policy, but was overruled by Trump and Sessions.
Pullman observes that Trump’s rollback of Obama’s Title IX guidance is “a win, but it was done over the objections of Secretary DeVos, which is worrisome.”
“Even if you think it’s okay to force naked boy bodies and naked girl bodies into the same private facilities, the federal government has no authority to do what Obama’s Education and Justice departments did in this regard,” she adds.
“We would ask president Trump – as he completes the first 100 days of his administration – to consider the tens of thousands of parents who believed his promise to end Common Core, and implore him to invite leading parent activists to the table,” say Huber and White. “It would undoubtedly benefit President Trump, but more importantly, it would serve the children he promised to deliver from the special interests of the FedEd complex.”
Emmett McGroarty, senior fellow at American Principles Project, tells Breitbart News DeVos is not supporting Trump in his stated education agenda.
“Secretary DeVos is undermining the Trump presidency,” he asserts. “Great presidents have a great vision and are able to bring it into reality. That invariably means overcoming the timid in their own administration and in Congress. That’s the hurdle President Trump faces.”



ARTICLE
Police are searching for 48-year-old Santiago Martinez-Flores, whom they allege crept into a home in Clackamas County on February 26 and assaulted a child while she slept, according to the New York Daily News.
The Clackamas Sheriff’s Office reports that Martinez-Flores has been known to use the aliases “Felipe Coeto” and “Isidro Ramos Flores.”
The suspect has a criminal record in the U.S. going back to 1994. Records also show he was deported back to Mexico in 2001 after serving a two-year prison sentence.
The victim’s family told police that an intruder broke into the child’s bedroom through a window and attacked the child in a room she shares with her 5-year-old sister.
When the children screamed, the invader jumped back out the same window he used to get inside the apartment.
The girl’s description of her attacker matched that of Martinez-Flores.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the suspect should call the Clackamas Sheriff’s Office at (503) 655-8211 or the Tip Line at (503) 723-4949. There is also an online tip report at the department’s webpage.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com



ARTICLE
The agreement promises billions of dollars to developing nations and massive greenhouse gas reductions around the globe, including in the U.S.
“I’m not going to say to the president of the United States, ‘Let’s just walk away from the Paris accord,'” Perry said at a Bloomberg New Energy Finance conference in New York.
“But, what I’m going to say is that I think we probably should renegotiate it,” Perry said.

US @SecretaryPerry will recommend @POTUS renegotiate the Paris agreement; asks EU countries for fewer words, more action. #BNEFSummit pic.twitter.com/3XmDLApkwr
— BloombergNEF (@BloombergNEF) April 25, 2017

“On the campaign trail, Trump promised to remove the U.S.from the landmark Paris Agreement, which went into force on Nov. 4, 2016. The president-elect reportedly still plans on a swift withdrawal once he settles into office after Jan. 20,” Quartz reported right after President Donald Trump was elected.
“It was reckless for the Paris agreement to enter into force before the election,” a source on Trump’s transition team for international energy and climate policy told Reuters.
Perry’s remarks fit into the media narrative that some of Trump’s advisers — Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, and advisers Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump — want to stick with the agreement, while others, Steve Bannon — want to make a clean cut out of it.
And there is at least one other cabinet member, former Oklahoma Attorney General and now Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, who has spoken publicly against complying with the agreement.
In an interview with FOX and Friends, Pruitt said that the “Paris [agreement] is something that we need to really look at closely. It’s something we need to exit in my opinion.”
“It’s a bad deal for America,” he said. “It was an America second, third, or fourth kind of approach. China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030. We front-loaded all of our costs.”
Outside of the administration, others have weighed in, including H. Sterling Burnett, an environment and energy policy research fellow at the Heartland Institute who spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on April 19:
Trump rightly said he was going to withdraw from this, but … there are two factions in the White House. There are those like Scott Pruitt, head of the EPA, like Steve Bannon, his adviser, that say keep your campaign promise. Withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement. Let America grow.
But then there’s the other faction that’s led by Rex Tillerson, who has a lot of influence … as secretary of state, who said we should stay in the agreement.
It’s led by his daughter and son-in-law, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. … She wants to make climate change her signature issue. So he’s got powerful interests trying to keep him in the agreement, saying not [to] leave it as it is, but renegotiate it. Cut a better deal.
Problem is, there are no terms within the treaty to cut a better deal. You’re not allowed within the treaty to cut a better deal. And the worst problem is, is there’s no better deal to be had, in the sense that if you’re forcing America to cut its emissions, you’re having big government intervene in the economy.
Meanwhile, oil companies Exxon Mobil (where Tillerson most recently served as CEO) and Shell sided with Ivanka Trump, Kushner, and Tillerson, arguing that the United States should stick with the Paris agreement.
“The industry campaign to stick with the Paris accord comes amid deep divisions in the Trump administration over the carbon-cutting agreement,” Bloomberg reported on April 17.
The Obama administration called the U.S. commitment to the accord an “executive agreement,” which it said it could approve without congressional consent. In order for a legally binding international treaty to enter into force it, it must have the consent of the U.S. Senate.
The Trump administration had scheduled and then cancelled a meeting earlier this month to discuss the U.S. stance on the Paris Agreement.



ARTICLE
Helen Aguirre Ferre, now the White House’s Director of Media Relations, previously very publicly—as an adviser to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush’s failed 2016 presidential campaign and as a GOP consultant after Bush dropped out of the race—bashed Trump repeatedly on the campaign trail, leading the Never Trump movement.
Aguirre Ferre’s perhaps most egregious Never Trump comments came via Twitter on March 11, 2016, in a since-deleted Tweet in which she said now President Trump “bears responsibility” for violent riots in Chicago that forced him to shut down a campaign event there ahead of the Illinois primary—which he handily won on March 15, sweeping out many of the other states that day.
Then Trump rivals Sens. Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) inaccurately suggested that Trump was responsible for the violence in Chicago that caused him to cancel his planned March 11, 2016, campaign rally downtown at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
“I think a campaign bears responsibility for creating an environment, when the candidate urges supporters to engage in physical violence–to punch people in the face. The predictable consequence of that is that it escalates and today is unlikely to be the last such instance,” Cruz said at the time, for instance.
But Aguirre Ferre took it a step further on her Twitter account, saying that Cruz and Rubio “agree that” Trump “bears responsibility for violence in Chicago today” on March 11, 2016.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer has not answered whether Aguirre Ferre still believes that, or why she deleted that Tweet and many others—and has not answered a detailed set of questions from Breitbart News on Aguirre Ferre’s history of Trump-bashing and who is responsible for hiring her at the White House in the first place. But Spicer asked a deputy in the White House to ask Breitbart News to delay publication of this article.
Breitbart News accommodated the White House, giving Spicer and his team several extra hours to answer the questions sent to them—including who was responsible for hiring Aguirre Ferre, whether that person who hired her informed the president of these comments she made about him before giving her a senior position in the White House communications office, and whether Aguirre Ferre still believes all these criticisms she made about Trump but has never publicly retracted other than deleting Tweets.
Spicer, Breitbart News was told hours after the original scheduled publication of this investigation— which was delayed at his request—was supposed to call Breitbart News to answer these questions and others about Aguirre Ferre. But he never called.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders, appearing on Breitbart News Daily on Tuesday morning, defended Aguirre Ferre when asked about her demonstrably anti-Trump positions before joining the administration. Huckabee Sanders said:
I think it’s sad that any individual reporter or outlet would try to attack a member of the president’s staff and diminish them maybe based on some of their previous jobs and try to disqualify or discredit them because of that. We’ve got an incredible team here working really hard to carry out the president’s agenda that he laid out during the campaign, that he continues to lay out day in day out here in the White House. And we are all committed to helping move that agenda forward and we are working day and night to do that, and again we’ve got a great team doing that all focused on helping support the president and his agenda.

Aguirre Ferre made many more anti-Trump comments on Twitter and television, including promoting a Politifact article in late 2015 that accused Donald Trump’s campaign of making “misstatements” that amounted to that publication’s “2015 Lie of the Year.”
She has also questioned whether now Attorney General Jeff Sessions, then a U.S. Senator from Alabama, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie “regret supporting Trump” or whether “the means justify the end.” The answer to such a question, she said in a now deleted Tweet, was “telling either way.”
In February 2016, she said her then-boss Jeb Bush was “clearly… in Trump’s head” and accused the now-President of the United States of “babbling more than usual.”
In September 2015, she praised Jeb Bush for standing up for Carly Fiorina—another Trump rival—from Trump’s “insults,” arguing that Fiorina, all women, and the whole country “deserve better” than Donald Trump as president.
Aguirre Ferre also once said that President Trump’s campaign style is “not flattering” and that his aggressivness on the campaign trail was “all he’ll ever be.”
Perhaps most damning is the fact that Aguirre Ferre deleted most of these comments from her Twitter account, an action for which she, Spicer, and other White House staff have provided no explanation—or that it was the pro-Hillary Clinton, George Soros-backed and David Brock-founded Media Matters for America (MMfA) organization that took screen shots of them and published them online months ago during the campaign.
But those Tweets are not the only places she has made anti-Trump comments.
In April 2016, according to a translation offered by Politico, Aguirre Ferre appeared on Univision’s Al Punto program to bash Donald Trump. That was long after her preferred candidate, Jeb Bush, dropped out of the race.
Aguirre Ferre said in Spanish, according to Politico’s translation:
There’s a side of Donald Trump that is anti-feminine. I’m not going to tell you he’s a misogynist … but I do think there’s something that bothers him about strong and independent women. In the case of abortion, Donald Trump held every viewpoint possible … including supporting partial-birth abortion, something even many who are pro-choice oppose … Donald Trump is trying so hard to win the nomination from conservative voters that he’s trying to say what he thinks the conservative voter wants to hear. And that’s why he ends up messing up, constantly.
While Aguirre Ferre did go on to work for then-Republican National Committee (RNC) chairman Reince Priebus—now the White House chief of staff—at the RNC later in the general election cycle, she even made disparaging comments about President Trump during the time after which he became the presumptive GOP presidential nominee. One Tweet was a link to a Washington Examiner story detailing how Trump had issues with winning over Hispanic Republicans, and she commented that Hispanic GOP members were “caught in 2016 meat grinder” with Trump as the then-presumptive GOP nominee. That Tweet, which was sent on May 10, 2016, came seven days after Trump won the primaries once and for all in Indiana on May 3, 2016.
Another Tweet she sent out that day—a week after Trump became the nominee—was pushing a poll that argued Trump would “drive Miami Cuban Americans from GOP. A couple days earlier, she Tweeted that the GOP was “neither” Donald Trump’s nor House Speaker Paul Ryan’s party, but that Ryan “represents and lives the values of the Republican Party,” implying that Trump does not.
Many people close to the president are shocked someone as anti-Trump could make it into a senior position in the White House like this.
“The sheer contempt for the president shown by staffers like Helen Aguirre Ferre is utterly reprehensible but unsurprising given that the RNC and establishment hacks running the administration have decided to staff this administration as if it were Bush’s third term,” one said. “It is completely and utterly demoralizing to know that Donald Trump didn’t actually beat Jeb Bush after all.”
It is worth noting that most of the anti-Trump things Aguirre Ferre said appear on her Wikipedia page.



ARTICLE
A group of employer and open borders interests known as the ‘H-2B Workforce Coalition’ is lobbying members of Congress to expand the H-2B visa program, which would potentially allow 264,000 foreign workers in the U.S. for the next fiscal year, Breitbart Texas reported.
“Missing workers,” as the Economic Policy Institute (EPI) calls them, are discouraged American workers who are either unemployed or no longer looking for work because they see a weak job market, whether that be low wages, bad working conditions, or other reasons.
Currently, there are 1.37 million “missing workers” in the American labor force between the ages of 45 and 74-years-old. These workers are not included in the monthly unemployment rate, but if they were, the unemployment rate would be 5.3 percent, according to EPI.
Young Americans, who easily qualify for low-skilled jobs, continue to have a high unemployment rate, according the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
For Americans between the ages of 16 to 19-years-old, the unemployment is 13.7 percent, which is considerably higher than the national unemployment rate. Likewise, the unemployment rate for Americans between the ages of 20 and 24-years-old is 7.3 percent.
Center for Immigration Studies Director Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas that claims of a “labor shortage” are untrue.
“They don’t say there’s ‘a labor shortage’, they say there’s a ‘looming labor shortage’ and that ‘its coming’,” Krikorian said in an interview.
“Employers say ‘look, I advertised for this job and no one showed up’,” Krikorian said. “So what? It’s not Congress’ job to supply your workforce. These employers don’t want to have to do any work in finding employees.”
Despite constant media coverage and claims of a labor shortage in the U.S. by business interests and the open borders lobby, the EPI has found no evidence of such a shortage:
Groups like the Essential Worker Immigration Coalition—a lobbying group representing the interests of employers—claims that it is “concerned with the shortage of both semiskilled and unskilled (‘essential worker’) labor” and thus “supports policies that facilitate the employment of essential workers by U.S. companies that are unable to find American workers.”9 Representatives of other influential corporate lobbying groups, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Immigration Works USA, have made similar claims. As a result, these groups lobby Congress to expand the number of H-2B workers, and to create new similar temporary foreign worker programs to fill low-wage jobs.
Despite such claims from industry groups—other than employer anecdotes—no credible data or labor market metrics have been presented by non-employer-affiliated groups or organizations—let alone by disinterested academics—proving the existence of labor shortages in H-2B occupations that could justify a large expansion of the H-2B program.
Not only do unemployment numbers run counter to claims that more foreign workers through the H-2B visa are needed to fill jobs, but wage numbers also depict the low-skilled job market as having almost no growth because of too much immigration, say experts.
Wages in the top 15 H-2B jobs in the U.S. have been stagnant or slightly decreased over the last decade, according to analysis by EPI.
For instance, for landscaping and grounds-keeping jobs given to H-2B foreign workers, wages decreased by 3.4 percent between 2004 and 2014. For jobs in the amusement and recreation industry, which also employs a multitude of H-2B foreign workers, wages between 2004 and 2014 fell by 1.3 percent.
Overall, in the top 15 industries that employ H-2B foreign workers, wages increased in the last decade by 1.8 percent.
Stagnant and decreased wages in H-2B job fields prove, according to NumbersUSA’s Rosemary Jenks, the uselessness of the foreign worker visa.
“If there was a labor shortage, wages would have increased,” Jenks told Breitbart Texas.
Jenks said businesses demanding the expansion of the H-2B visa do not explain how they have survived since Oct. 1, 2016 when the expansion ended.
“If there are no workers to be found, how did they survive before the expansion?” Jenks posed. “The fact is, if they don’t have foreign workers, they find American workers to do the job.”
The H-2B visa brings foreign nationals to the U.S. for low-skilled non-agricultural jobs. More than half a million jobs in the U.S. have been taken by H-2B visa workers in the last five years, according to analysts.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Jordan said, “Neil Gorsuch. Jeff Sessions. I mean the cabinet, the executive orders, the travel ban, the things we’re seeing on the federal hiring freeze, the regulatory freeze, and eliminating two regulations for every regulation proposed, I think we’re off to a great start. I think this is exactly what the campaign was about. I think that’s all very positive.”
Jordan told Breitbart News that confirming Neil Gorsuch as a Supreme Court justice and Jeff Sessions as attorney general were his two favorite moments of the last 100 days. He explained:
So much of the campaign was about the Supreme Court and the Justice Department becoming so politicized under Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch. Neil Gorsuch I believe was first in his class all the way from kindergarten to high school. I think Gorsuch was an outstanding pick. Those two things show how amazing it is to have Donald Trump in the White House as compared to Hillary Clinton. There’s even been a marked decrease in illegals crossing the border since this administration has been in office and Jeff Session has served as attorney general.
Congressman Jordan echoed the sentiments of Congressman Meadows, saying that the House Republicans soon will strike a deal on health care. He said:
You know we haven’t passed health care yet, but I’m cautiously optimistic that we’ll get it done in the next week or two. Our chairman Mark Meadows has been working very hard over this break. So I think there’s a chance to get an amendment put in the bill that will result in premiums coming down for a lot of American families. I think that we can get it done in a way that is consistent with what we told voters we’re going to do.
Jordan continued, “I think that our jobs are too complicated, the voters sent us to repeal Obamacare, reform a broken tax code that’s not conducive to economic growth. I think that’s the attitude of the White House. My attitude is that we’re off to a good start. I think there’s a chance that we get Obamacare repeal and get that done in the next couple of weeks. That’s what we’ve been trying to do.”
The Ohio congressman supports the president’s initiative to reorganize the federal government and cut down on waste, fraud, and abuse. He said, “I fully support the president and hope that we can help the president restructure and trim down the government. As a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee it should be a big focus, we have a number of Freedom Caucus members to help and support that.”
Jordan summarized his thoughts on Trump’s first 100 days, he said, “Winning beats losing every single time. So let’s keep putting up wins for the American people.”



ARTICLE
“We will be putting a very big tariff on the lumber coming into the country,” President Donald Trump said.
Canadian foreign minister Chrystia Freeland warned that the move would hurt U.S. families by raising the price of materials needed to build new homes. “You need our lumber. You need our lumber to build your homes,” Freeland said in an interview on CNBC.
Beyond the headlines, however, there are signs that there may be less to the new tariffs than meets the eye. For one thing, lumber prices actually declined after the tariffs were announced. Lumber futures fell on Tuesday by the $10 exchange limit in Chicago, a 2.5 percent drop. The prices of Canadian lumber companies rose, some sharply. Shares of Canfor Corp were up by 8.09 percent on Tuesday and West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. rose by 2.37 percent.
As it turns out, the 20 percent tariff was smaller than what the market expected. The Trump administration has actually adopted a gentler policy on Canadian lumber than analysts and investors had forecast.
It’s unlikely that the 20 percent tariff will have much of an effect on home prices, despite the protests of home buyers. Lumber prices make up a small fraction of the prices of new homes. And with the tariff coming in lower than expected and lumber prices falling, it’s just as likely that the announcement could slow rising home prices.
The lumber tariff is best understood as a symbolic gesture by the Trump Administration aimed at underlining its America First stance. The intended audience are trading partners in Europe, Japan, and Mexico. Taking a stand on Canadian lumber is a way of sending the message without seriously impeding larger trade flows. Canada is the model target for such symbolism because it’s unlikely to retaliate against the U.S. for the sanctions, and penalizing Canada doesn’t risk mixing in messier concerns over race, national security or immigration.
During a briefing on Tuesday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross praised Canada as “a good neighbor” and played down the possibility that this was the beginning of a larger trade war.
The Trump administration also hoped the move would be welcomed by economic nationalists, first announcing the tariffs at a meeting with conservative journalists on Monday night. Many of Trump’s economic nationalist supporters have become increasingly concerned that the administration may be backing away from America First trade stance that was central to its electoral victory in November. The decision not to designate China as a currency manipulator, for example, has raised fears that trade reforms could take a back seat to other administration priorities.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Reagan stood before an applauding NRA crowd and reminded them that he, too, was a member of the NRA. He praised the NRA for the work it was doing to defend the right to keep and bear arms and pointed out that a large portion of the group’s two and a half million members had rallied to defeat gun control in California in November 1982.
He then said, “It’s a nasty truth, but those who seek to inflict harm are not fazed by gun control laws.” He added, “I happen to know this from personal experience,” referencing the assassination attempt on his own life in March 30, 1981.
Reagan then said, “I’ve always felt a special bond with the members of your group. You live by Lincoln’s words, ‘Important principles may and must be inflexible.'”
He added:
[The NRA’s] philosophy put its trust in people, so you insist [that] individuals be held responsible for their actions.  The NRA believes that America’s laws were made to be obeyed and that our constitutional liberties are just as important today as 200 years ago. And by the way, the constitution does not say that government shall decree the right to keep and bear arms. The constitution says the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
Reagan gave his NRA speech in 1983 and no president followed suit until President Donald Trump. The NRA announced that Trump will speak at the Annual Meetings on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.
NRATV is celebrating Trump’s coming speech in a video that features snippets of Reagan’s 1983 speech, then segues to candidate Trump speaking at the Annual Meetings in 2016, when the NRA endorsed him. The video then anticipates the pro-Second Amendment comments that President Trump will make at this year’s Annual Meetings and the work he and the NRA will continue doing to protect the right to keep and bear arms.
The video is titled, “It’s Morning in America, Once Again.”

It's Morning in America, Once Again. #NRAAM2017 @realDonaldTrump @NRA pic.twitter.com/D4KAL1oFmT
— NRATV (@NRATV) April 24, 2017

AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
“America’s noble farming tradition stretches back to its earliest days,” Trump said. “Farmers led the way across the Great Plains, and put down roots from coast to coast. Today, America’s farmers feed not only our nation, but millions of people around the world.”
Trump signed an executive order to establish a task force, which would investigate federal rules and regulations that were restricting the farming industry.
“Our farmers deserve a government that serves their interest and empowers them to do the hard work that they love to do so much,” he said. “And that’s what today’s executive order is all about.”
But Trump focused more on his recent trade actions, particularly in response to the trade dispute with Canada.
“People don’t realize Canada has been very rough on the United States. Everyone thinks of Canada as being wonderful, and so do I. I love Canada. But they’ve outsmarted our politicians for many years, and you people understand that,” Trump said, nodding to the farmers.
The president told reporters that he was not worried about a trade war with Canada.
“They have a tremendous surplus with the United States. Whenever they have a surplus, I have no fear,” he said.
Trump’s newly confirmed Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue was also present for the event.



ARTICLE
Approximately 20 protesters gathered inside the hall where the event was held with signs falsely accusing Gorka of being a Nazi, a war criminal, and a fascist.
At the prestigious foreign policy event, Gorka discussed a variety of topics relevant to foreign policy and national security scholars. His remarks focused primarily on personal experiences in dealing with fake news and the manipulation of facts by the mainstream media:

“Eight out of ten times, I can read something written in the daily paper about an event that occurred the night before, and it is literally 180 degrees incorrect,” said Gorka in his remarks to the crowded room. “It is totally contrary to what happened inside the building 80 percent of the time. That’s something that has opened my eyes to the lack of true investigative journalism.”
He labeled “the idea that a 22-year-old with access to Google is a journalist” as “problematic” and noted his view that the days of classic investigative journalism, which required in-depth research, “are behind us.”
Gorka discussed his parents’ experiences fleeing both Nazis and Communists in his native Hungary and how biased journalists have manipulated the facts of his early life to create the impression that Gorka himself is a member of the Nazi and Communist organizations he fled.
Gorka is not a member of a Nazi organization and has never pledged loyalty to any such organization.
The media accusations claim a pin Gorka wears to remind him of his parents’ struggle against communists and fascists ties him to these illicit groups. When he was eight years old, Gorka’s father was awarded a medal that is associated with a military order, the ‘Hungarian Order of Heroes, Vitezi Rend,’ created after the First World War. An anti-Communist organization gave it to him, recognizing him for his resistance to fascists and Communist dictatorship.
On Monday, he explained once again the story behind the pin he wears:


My parents died 14 years ago, and in their memory, for what they suffered under the Nazis and the Communists — my father tortured in the basement of Andrássy út 60 (the secret police headquarters of the fascists first and then the Communists)–I wear that medal to remember their suffering and their resistance. And today, because I work for somebody named Donald J. Trump, that fact is used as part of a fake news propaganda campaign that brought those people in the back of the room, sadly, to a point where they are the victims of fake news.

Gorka also confronted the leftist protesters about their signs calling him an antisemite and fascist. Two of the female students wore hijabs, and one man wore garments traditionally worn by observant Jews. He tied the Jewish prayer shawl (known as Talis) over his shoulders like it was a fashionable scarf:

Every single person holding a placard to protest my parents and myself, I challenge you now: Go away and look at everything I have said an written the last 46 years of my life and find one sentence that is antisemitic or that is anti-Israeli. Because you won’t find it. You’ll find the opposite. My book Defeating Jihad, everything I’ve said on the conference circuit–in Tel Aviv, in Jerusalem–tells you why I’m in this administration. Because this is one of the most pro-Israeli administrations in U.S. history. I’m sorry for you. You are the victims of fake news. But I’ll leave with this: I do what I do because I’ve learned that there is a connective tissue between Nazis, Communists, and Jihadists; they are all the same because they are all totalitarians. And if you perpetuate fake news, you are helping the bad guys.

Gorka cited a case study from the end of the Cold War by National Defense University’s Active Members Working Group as a model on how to identify and combat fake news during the Soviet era:

He explained how this group had “as its mandate, from the highest levels in the Reagan administration, the mission to identify Soviet propaganda, illuminate its sources, and destroy it from the inside to show just how much the message was a lie.” He suggested this group’s case study could be used to similarly combat fake news propagated over social media through mediums like Telegram and Twitter.
In conclusion, Gorka said:
What we are witnessing today–whether it’s RT, whether its ISIS tweets, Telegram–none of it is new. The platforms may be new, but the concepts of propaganda, dezinformatsiya, Maskirovka, none of these are true. They are just being packaged in new and far more effective ways. And this administration, with our allies and partners, including Israel, intends to take it very, very seriously. Thank you.
None of the few demonstrators congregated would talk to Breitbart News when Edwin Mora asked them to share their position on camera. Mora worked with Gorka during the latter’s tenure as Breitbart News’s National Security editor. Instead, the protesters shared a document accusing Breitbart News of perpetrating fake news.
No protesters responded to Gorka’s request to verbally defend their protest before the panel.
Follow Adelle and Edwin on Twitter @AdelleNaz and @EdwinMora83



ARTICLE
“I don’t know what people are talking. I watch these shows, and the pundits in the morning. They don’t know what they’re talking about. The wall gets built, 100 percent,” Trump told reporters at the White House Tuesday.
Reporters asked Trump if he would sign a continuing budget resolution if it didn’t include funding for the wall.
“The wall’s going to get built, folks. In case anybody has any questions, the wall is going to get built,” Trump replied. He added that construction for the wall would start “soon.”
“We’re already preparing. We’re doing plans, we’re doing specifications, we’re doing a lot of work on the wall, and the wall is going to get built,” he added.
Democrats seized on reports that Trump said during a meeting with conservative media on Monday that he could get funding this week or in September budget negotiations for FY2018, as a sign that he was caving on his priorities. Senate Democrats insist that they will not support any budget that includes wall funding.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer insisted that nothing had changed in the president’s priorities.
“No one said ‘delayed,’” Spicer said, when asked if the president was willing to delay wall funding.
Behind the scenes, White House aides are reluctant to play “shutdown theater” with Democrats, telling reporters that they are not going to negotiate budget deals with the Democrats through the media. Spicer did not say whether funding for the wall was a firm requirement for the president’s budget, suggesting to his opponents that it was open to interpretation.
“I don’t think anything has changed,” Spicer said, adding that discussions were ongoing with both houses of Congress. The wall, he insisted, would be built, but he did not offer a construction timetable.
“It’s not a question of wait until the fall. I think that there’s a lot of things that have to happen,” Spicer said. “It’s like any construction … we will take the first steps now and we will continue to seek funding through the FY2018 and further budget to make sure that it’s completed.”



ARTICLE
“Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs, weapons, and individuals across our southern border,” Senator Cruz stated, according to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the senator’s office. “Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities.”
The Texas senator said that leveraging criminally forfeited assets from El Chapo and other Mexican cartel members and drug dealers can “offset the wall’s cost and make meaningful progress toward achieving President Trump’s stated border security objectives.”
Senator Cruz introduced the Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order (EL CHAPO) Act on Tuesday. “The U.S. Government is currently seeking the criminal forfeiture of more than $14 billion in drug proceeds and illicit profits from El Chapo, the former leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel who was recently extradited to the U.S. to face criminal prosecution for numerous alleged drug-related crimes, including conspiracy to commit murder and money laundering,” Cruz stated.
The Mexican government extradited the former Mexican drug kingpin in January, Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz reported. The move to an American prison cell followed months of court battles in Mexico and multiple escapes from prison by Guzman. As part of the agreement with Mexico, Guzman will not face the death penalty in the U.S. for his crimes. Prosecutors filed murder charges against the former drug lord in relation to the killings of a U.S. citizen and two relatives.



ARTICLE
Once upon a time, most Republicans believed in tax cuts. Somewhere along the way, inside the beltway especially, Republicans forgot about the benefits of cutting taxes. Republicans became more concerned with government keeping “its” revenue than letting the people keep their money.
Too many Republican have become timid about tax cuts, often spouting the milquetoast line of “revenue neutral tax cuts.”
Let me translate that little bit of Washington-speak for you. “Revenue neutral” tax cuts aren’t really tax cuts. It’s more like tax shifting. Some will pay more. Some will pay less. And the net effect will be that government will collect the same amount of taxes.
If revenue neutral tax shifting is what Republicans stand for, maybe it’s time we re-evaluated what we really stand for.
What will “revenue neutral” tax cut mean to your business? Well, that may depend on how expensive your lobbyist is. Which side of the “revenue-neutral” ledger you wind up on may depend on how well the skids are greased, hardly, a pleasant scenario to anticipate.
I believe as John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan did, that the best way to stimulate our economy, promote job growth, and give our ailing middle class a raise is to cut taxes for all.
I know Donald Trump believes this too, because he said so often during the campaign, and as a job creator himself, he knows that lower taxes and less regulation are the keys to more jobs.
This week, we are expected to hear the beginnings of the Trump Tax Reform plan. I, for one, urge the President to stick to his guns and not to preemptively surrender to the establishment in Congress and to offer real, meaningful cuts to individuals and businesses, across all income levels.
It is likely the single most important thing he will do in his first year in office to determine our economic growth over the next several years. Our economy has grown at an anemic two percent average over the last 15 years. Historically, it has been nearly double that. We have lost more than three TRILLION dollars in GDP to this anemic growth, according to economist Stephen Moore.
We cannot allow this to continue, so I urge the President to go big and bold.
But also to go simple.
As he has likely already seen, people often try to make things to complicated or clever up here in Congress. Obamacare repeal is a great example. So, learning from that lesson, let’s make this simple.
We don’t need hundreds of special interests grabbing for goodies. We won’t need 2,000-page bills.
We need a big, bold tax cut. My suggestions from among the ideas that I have championed and Donald Trump ran on are simple. First, cut the corporate tax rate. Ours is now the highest in the world at 35 percent. We should immediately cut it to 15 percent or less, putting us in line with other countries. Money and business go where they’re welcome, and right now, that’s not the United States. We can change that, and do it easily, while creating millions of new jobs. At that low rate, we can also eliminate deductions and loopholes, and make the tax simple and fair.
American regulatory and tax treatment of business has in recent years led to major corporations moving overseas or leaving their overseas profits offshore. Currently, they are double taxed, with a 35 percent penalty for bringing this money home. I authored a bipartisan bill last year to allow repatriation of that capital at 6.5 percent, bringing home as much as 2 trillion in capital for job growth, and increased revenue. (My bill would direct that revenue into an infrastructure fund).
Finally, we must make sure every income level receives a cut, and that small businesses organized under various parts of the tax code get the benefit of the corporate tax cut.
I’m hoping the President has learned three things from his Obamacare repeal experience. First, work with the true fiscal conservatives in Congress to come up with a great tax plan. Second, keep it simple, and make sure everyone in America will both know and see the benefits. Finally, remember who elected you, and heed this advice – no one ever knocked doors or made phone calls for “revenue neutral tax reform.” If you want to drain the swamp, you have to take away money from Washington, and send it back to the people.
I stand ready to cut taxes for every American and get our economy moving again.



ARTICLE
According to the Los Angeles Daily News, a group of Trump supporters held up signs that read, “Ted Lie” and “We Love Trump,” which irritated the mostly anti-Trump crowd before Lieu took the stage at the Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center.
Roughly 900 people attended Lieu’s second town hall this moth.
The Daily News also reported that the first half-hour of Lieu’s event was interrupted by several Trump supporters.
At one point, Lieu reportedly paused and told one heckler, “Dude, I make up the rules, you got it?”
Lieu boasted about the large turnout on his Facebook page.

He also held a town hall in Santa Monica last week:

Lieu has not kept his vehement opposition to President Trump a secret; he has blasted Trump over social media relentlessly.
During his Monday town hall, Lieu reportedly pushed his usual anti-Trump talking points. He called the commander-in-chief’s missile strike on a Syrian air base “unconstitutional,” and said the Russian investigation “could lead to high crimes and misdemeanors.
Lieu also called Trump’s border wall idea “stupid,” adding “if it has even a penny of funding, I’m not only a no, I’m a ‘Hell, no.'”
On Tuesday morning, Lieu posted a picture of him posing with his “Multipoo” [sic] Abbot. He sported a T-shirt that had “Trump-Putin 2016” printed on it.

Recently, Lieu falsely claimed Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a “racist and a liar.” Earlier this year, he incorrectly labeled Trump’s temporary visa ban a “Muslim ban.”
He has also labeled Trump “illegitimate” — a possible violation of the Universal Code of Military Justice, as Lieu is a reserve officer in the U.S. Air Force.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
About 100 people affiliated with The People’s Lobby, a radical left-wing group with a manifesto that calls Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton “mainstream Democrats,” filled the lobby briefly before being ushered back outside where they stayed for about an hour.
Protesters claim the Heritage’s budget plan favors corporations over people and the planet, which are both threatened by climate change, they claim.

WE'LL BE BACK. We will shut down the anti-human pro-corporate agenda of @Heritage & @realDonaldTrump & win a #Budget4ThePeople! #RiseUp2017 pic.twitter.com/IosJnT32eJ
— The People's Lobby (@peopleslobbyusa) April 25, 2017


Look at that PEOPLE POWER! We represent 1 million members across 29 states in over 60 @PplsAction affiliates and WE WILL WIN. #RiseUp2017 pic.twitter.com/SRnEX1ckdi
— The People's Lobby (@peopleslobbyusa) April 25, 2017


We just took over the Heritage Foundation's office, billionaire funded right wing think tank responsible for Trump's budget #RiseUp2017 pic.twitter.com/YrDqHJDaqv
— Carlos Rosa 🌹 (@CDRosa) April 25, 2017

But Wesley Denton, group vice president of communications at Heritage, said it’s ironic that the budget blueprint wants to “end corporate welfare” and stop wasteful spending of taxpayer money in the federal budget.
“These kinds of bullying tactics are nothing new from the radical progressive left, but it won’t deter Heritage or our hundreds of thousands of members across America from fighting for a balanced budget that improves the lives of all Americans,” Denton told Breitbart News. “If the protestors truly opposed the special-interests, they would support Heritage’s Blueprint for Balance which calls for an end to corporate welfare and ending wasteful Washington spending on failed programs.”
The Heritage 2018 budget blueprint is summarized in the report:
The People’s Lobby website reveals a much different vision for this country’s future:
The People’s Lobby is a fast-growing, membership-driven organization devoted to organizing widespread support for public policies and candidates — including people from our communities — that put the needs of people and the planet before the interests of big corporations and the very rich. We train leaders to build bases in our communities, organize elected officials and other powerful people to put the interests of people and the planet first.
The People’s Lobby’s Center for Progressive Strategy and Research’s lengthy manifesto says, in part: “There is a silent progressive majority to the left of both the Tea Party and mainstream Democrats like Clinton and Obama, and it is ready to be transformed into a populist progressive movement in electoral politics. Such a movement would capture a much larger base than that of the Tea Party, and it would be much more powerful. We must seize this opportunity by building indecent political organizations capable of electing movement progressives to office.”
It also states it supports globalization and rejects national borders.

Belive in  policy & principled legislative fights  — not protests? make a donation to @Heritage_Action today https://t.co/RIcxAsy3EK pic.twitter.com/oBirLHRWk8
— Sondra Clark (@SondraClark) April 25, 2017




ARTICLE
The Austin mayor made the claim during an interview with KUT reporter Gabriel Cristóver Pérez following a meeting between Sessions and the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Pérez said to the mayor if “in the eyes of the federal government, and the U.S. Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, we are not sanctionable, we are not (a) sanctuary city or county.” Mayor Alder replied, “That is my understanding because we don’t violate 8 USC 1373.”
“Specifically asked the question,” the mayor continued referencing the Attorney General, “Would a city that was not honoring voluntary detainers be a city that was sanctionable under the President’s executive order directed at sanctuary cities?”
“I was told no,” Mayor Alder claimed as Sessions’ response.

.@MayorAdler Here’s @MayorAdler explaining how he was told Austin and Travis County don’t meet “sanctuary” status under AG Sessions’ guidelines. #txlege pic.twitter.com/TMGgZ0bqGh
— Nathan Bernier (@KUTnathan) April 25, 2017

Breitbart Texas reached out to the Department of Justice (DOJ) for verification of the mayor’s claim.  DOJ Principal Deputy Director of Public Affairs did not categorically deny the mayor’s allegation but stated, “The Attorney General did not comment or provide a legal opinion as to whether Austin or any other jurisdiction is or is not in compliance with 8 U.S.C. Section 1373.”
He also provided a with a written statement from the department. The statement from AG Sessions reads as follows:
DOJ Principal Deputy Director of Public Affairs quickly responded with a written statement from the department. The statement from AG Sessions reads as follows:
The Department of Justice will fulfill our responsibility to uphold and enforce our nation’s immigration laws, including 8 U.S.C. 1373.  Under the Obama administration, the Department of Justice required certain grantees to certify compliance with federal law, including 8 U.S.C. 1373, as a condition for receiving grant funding.  Last year, the Department of Justice’s Inspector General reported that 10 jurisdictions were potentially in violation of 8 U.S.C. 1373, including because they had policies that restricted local law enforcement from sharing information about criminal aliens in their custody.
My letter has required those jurisdictions to submit a response by June 30 certifying they are in compliance.  To date, only one has replied and we await the responses of the others.  We will evaluate those responses to ensure the requirements of these grants are met.  I once again urge these cities and jurisdictions to reevaluate their policies, protect their citizens and comply with the law.
We are pleased that the mayors who met with us today assured us they want to be in compliance with the law.  The vast majority of state and local jurisdictions are in compliance and want to work with federal law enforcement to keep their communities safe.  Of course, compliance with 8 U.S.C. 1373 is the minimum the American people should expect.  We want all jurisdictions to enthusiastically support the laws of the United States that require the removal of criminal aliens, as many jurisdictions already do.
Breitbart Texas responded requesting a specific answer regarding the question of cities disregarding immigration detainers. A response from the DOJ was not immediately available.
However, in March, Sessions specifically referenced a Declined Detainer Outcome Report listing cities and counties that refused to honor immigration detainers during a White House press briefing. He referenced states and cities who have enacted policies commonly known as “sanctuary” policies, those which hinder the enforcement of federal immigration laws, Breitbart California’s Michelle Moons reported. “This includes refusing to detain known felons on federal detainer requests or otherwise failing to comply with these laws,” Sessions stated.
Sessions detailed several jurisdictions that refuse to honor ICE detainers, including San Francisco and Denver.
Sessions continued:
The President has rightly said, disregard for law must end. In his executive order he stated that it is the policy of the executive branch to ensure that states and cities comply with all federal laws including all immigration laws.
Today I’m urging states and local jurisdictions of comply with these federal laws including 8 USC section 1373. Moreover the Department of Justice will require that jurisdictions seeking or applying for Department of Justice grants to certify compliance with 1373 as a condition of receiving those awards. This policy is entirely consistent with the Department of Justice’s Office of Justice Programs guidance that was issued just last summer under the previous Administration. This guidance requires state and local jurisdictions to comply and to certify compliance with section 1373 in order to be eligible for OJP grants. It also made clear that failure to remedy violations would result in withholding grants, termination of grants and disbarment or ineligibility for future grants.
Sessions cited the ICE Declined Detainer Outcome Report and said, “In a single week there were more than 200 instances of jurisdictions refusing to honor ICE detainer requests with respect to individuals charged or convicted of a serious crime. The charges and convictions against these aliens include: drug trafficking, hit and run, rape, sex offenses against a child and even murder.”
“Such policies cannot continue,” Sessions concluded. “They make our nation less safe by putting dangerous criminals back on the streets.”
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.
 



ARTICLE
Rumors started spreading last week that House Republicans were close to a deal on repealing Obamacare, and now Congressman Mark Meadows says a repeal bill will pass by the end of May. The agreement, brokered by the House Freedom Caucus chairman and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R-NJ), would allow states to eliminate Obamacare’s community rating system — a rule that prohibits health insurers from pricing health care plans based on age, gender, or health status. States that repeal Obamacare’s community rating rules would have to join a federal high-risk pool or establish a local high-risk pool to obtain the waiver.
The deal, known as the MacArthur amendment, would also reinstate Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits, although states could waive Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits if they were to prove that eliminating those regulations would lower premiums, increase the number of people insured, or “advance another benefit to the public interest in the state.”
Meadows told Breitbart News that the waiver serves as a conservative compromise to repeal Obamacare. He said, “I think the waiver, while not a perfect solution, does provide an option to find common ground between more moderate and conservative elements of the Republican conference.”
Meadows added, “The waivers give states the authority and the flexibility to do what they need to do. That’s a critical component of what we need to do to fix health care and give the states the ability the instill more of the free market in health care and drive prices down. I’m encouraged by it and hope that we can get the 216 votes for it. We can certainly look back at the involvement of the White House on behalf of all Americans and give them access to affordable health care.”
The House Freedom Caucus chairman added that he will be working with conservative senators to continue to push an even more conservative repeal bill in the Senate. “I am having conversations with my colleagues in the Senate,” he explained, “where we can push for even more conservative solutions, because it was more difficult to push amendments procedurally in the House.”
Meadows commended the actions of President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and Congressman Tom MacArthur for bringing the Obamacare repeal package this close to passage. He said:
Not only have we made good progress, we have to get give a good shout out to Tom MacArthur and the President and the Vice President for their efforts in the last couple of weeks. It would be a mistake to suggest that had Tom MacArthur, the President, and the Vice President have not gotten involved in this process, then we would not have the options now for everyone to consider. Tom has worked closely hard with Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden and the committee to make sure that what we do is keeping in line with repealing and replacing Obamacare and drives down premiums and keeps pre-existing conditions.
Meadows told Breitbart News, “I fully expect that we will repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have been a deterrent in the first 100 days, but by the end of the first 120 days or so it will be seen as a significant accomplishment. It’s not how you start, it’s how you finish, as the as song used to say. We will have an excellent finish.”



ARTICLE
It is the day on which Israel, and Jews around the world, commemorate the victims and honor those who resisted the Nazis. The precise date shifts every year; it is observed on the 27th of Nisan on the Hebrew calendar, which fell on April 24 this year. (International Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, was only created by the United Nations in 2005 and is less widely observed by Jewish communities.)
President Trump gave a strident address, in which he declared:
This is my pledge to you: We will confront anti-Semitism (Applause.) We will stamp out prejudice. We will condemn hatred. We will bear witness. And we will act. As President of the United States, I will always stand with the Jewish people — and I will always stand with our great friend and partner, the State of Israel.” The speech was warmly received, and applauded by many Jewish groups.

Yet CNN’s Dan Merica attempted to turn that positive and commendable gesture into an opportunity to attack President Trump — and to do so using demonstrably false claims about the administration and its staff.
The headline atop his article reads: “Trump commemorates Holocaust after a series of missteps,” and the bulk of the article is about the so-called “missteps,” most of which are innocent mistakes and some of which are demonstrable lies that Merica repeats.
For example, Merica claims: “Bomb threats have been on the rise in the United States and Canada since January, a fact some Jewish groups attribute to Trump’s campaign and presidency” [original link].
Merica links to a CNN article from February 27, but since then it was revealed that most of the threats came from a troubled Jewish American-Israeli teen. The threats began under President Barack Obama, but it was President Trump who took them seriously and helped find the culprit by devoting law enforcement resources to the task.
Many other threats were attributed to a left-wing black former journalist who was allegedly trying to take revenge on an ex-girlfriend. Merida does not mention any of that.
Merica also claims:
Charges of anti-Semitism have followed Trump since the 2016 campaign, when some of his top aides — including strategist Steve Bannon — were accused of making anti-Jewish comments and the campaign was criticized for being slow to reject support from David Duke, an anti-semitic [sic] politician and former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
That entire paragraph is false and misleading. Months before CNN’s Jake Tapper asked Trump about Duke, Trump had already rejected Duke’s support. And Bannon has never made antisemitic comments. Merica tries to evade responsibility by reporting the accusation but without reporting that it was baseless, and that every Jewish person who has ever worked with Bannon in his long history on Wall Street, in Hollywood, and in the media has rejected it.
The rest of Merica’s article reads as if it were written by a Democratic Party press shop. It is fake news at its worst, and exploits a gesture that should be above politics — remembering the Holocaust — for the sake of scoring partisan points.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Forty percent of Americans hold an unfavorable view of Ryan, compared to only 22% who view him positively, according to the poll. The numbers represent a major decline in popularity since February, when Ryan’s net favorability was only one percentage point negative. The same drop in support is mirrored among Republican poll respondents, with net favorability falling from 49-points to 23 in the same period.
Ryan’s drop in popularity was more significant than that among the long-abysmally low rating for Congress as a whole. The percentage of those with a favorable view of congressional performance fell from 29 to 20 since February. The drop among Republicans was more significant, falling to a mere 31% from the high 40s.
This outpouring of disapproval comes after Speaker Ryan spearheaded the abortive effort to repeal and replace Obamacare with his own “American Health Care Act.” The bill had to be withdrawn for lack of support and drew criticism from across the spectrum of Republican politics. The perception of Ryan’s ability to deliver legislative victories in the House took a major hit in the aftermath of his health care bill’s demise, with some members of Congress calling for his replacement.
Other legislative initiatives have stalled under Ryan’s leadership. He has repeatedly stated that tax reform will likely to be possible only after the precarious health care situation is untangled. At the moment, the House is embroiled in a struggle to pass a budget to keep the government running, with contention over the funding of President Donald Trump’s signature border wall apparently stalling this often routine measure.
As Congressional Republicans approach the oft-discussed 100-day mark of the Trump presidency, Speaker Ryan is unable to point to any major legislative accomplishment. Negotiations are ongoing to revive the momentum for implementing the GOP’s agenda, but the Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll suggests the electorate is losing confidence in the Republican leadership’s ability to do so.



ARTICLE
“It’s harder and harder to find common ground because of money in politics,” Obama told high school and college students at the University of Chicago in his first public speech since leaving office, adding that “special interests dominate the debates in Washington in ways which don’t match up with the road a majority of Americans feel.”
The former president mostly avoided taking direct hits at President Trump and commenting on current political debates and, instead, talked about the state of the country from his perspective.
“One thing I’m absolutely convinced of is that, yes we can confront a whole range of challenges from economic inequality and lack of opportunity to a criminal justice system that too often is skewed in ways which are unproductive, climate change to issues related to violence,” he said. “All those problems are serious, they’re daunting but they’re not insoluble.”
He said that rise of social media, cable TV, and talk radio contribute to this polarization in political debate because people only seek out information that validates their own beliefs.
He said:
Because of changes in the media, we now have a situation in which everybody’s listening to people who already agree with them and are further and further reinforcing their own realities to the neglect of a common reality that allows us to have a healthy debate and then try to find common ground and actually move solutions forward.
“If you’re liberal, then you’re on MSNBC and conservative, you’re on Fox News. You’re reading the Wall Street Journal or you’re reading the New York Times or whatever your choices are. Or maybe you’re just looking at cat videos, which is fine,” he added.
Obama is cashing in on the speaking circuit. He will receive $400,000 for a speech he will give at a healthcare conference sponsored by Wall Street giant Cantor Fitzgerald. Obama also dipped his toes into international politics post-presidency by speaking on the phone with left-leaning French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron Thursday.



ARTICLE
The NRA’s first move is a suit filed with the California Rifle and Pistol Association — a suit which seeks to have California’s “assault weapons” ban declared unconstitutional.
The suit was filed April 24, and the NRA-ILA announced:
The National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action (NRA-ILA) today announced it is supporting, along with the California Rifle and Pistol Association (CRPA), an important Second Amendment lawsuit challenging California’s newly expanded Assault Weapons Control Act (AWCA).
The suit, Rupp v. Becerra, seeks to have the courts declare the AWCA unconstitutional because the ill-conceived law will do nothing to stop terrorists or violent criminals, and infringes on the right to keep and bear arms under the Second Amendment.
The Los Angeles Times reports that the suit is the first in a “series” that the NRA plans to file, now that Gorsuch is on the bench.
President Trump campaigned on using SCOTUS to save the Second Amendment. On October 9, 2016, he said:
I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia. …People that will respect the constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important–also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton.
Gorsuch’s nomination, and subsequent confirmation, were widely viewed as the fulfillment of Trump’s campaign pledge. And the Times reports that the NRA is undertaking a legal push that it had been holding for such a time as this:
The flurry of legal action comes as Neil Gorsuch, President Trump’s choice for the Supreme Court, takes his seat, returning a conservative majority to the nation’s highest court. And as the Republican administration begins appointing additional judges to the federal court system, gun-rights advocates say they hope that some of the more restrictive laws imposed in recent years will be vulnerable to legal challenge.
Chuck Michel is one of the attorneys representing the pro-Second Amendment groups in the suit against the “assault weapons” ban, and he purposefully points out that AR-15s and similar rifles are “commonly possessed for lawful purposes by law-abiding citizens for self- defense or shooting sports.” The reference to firearms “commonly possessed” for “self-defense” ties back to language in the crucial majority opinion of District of Columbia v Heller (2008), wherein Justice Antonin Scalia indicated that for every epoch of American history, the Second Amendment protects weapons “‘in common use at the time,’ for lawful purposes like self-defense.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
While the deputy sat at home with her two children on Saturday, Webb said a suspect fired multiple rounds into the two-year Upshur County sheriff deputy’s home. The bullets barely missed her children, as well as at her personal vehicle. Her patrol unit took several rounds as well, according to the Longview-News Journal.
After penetrating the home, one of the rounds fired by the suspect stopped just short of wounding one of her children. The bullet stopped in the clothes the child was wearing. An additional round missed the deputy’s second child, hitting the chair the child was sitting in while they played video games. Neither of the two children were harmed in the shooting attack.
Webb told local media during a press conference that his office is looking into the attack as a potential “retaliation” against the deputy.
“Due to the amount of damage done to the patrol car, investigators are looking into the likelihood of a retaliation motive on the part of the persons having recent interaction with the Upshur County Sheriff’s Office or one of its deputies,” Webb told reporters at a news conference on Monday afternoon.
“It saddens me that this has occurred in this county and has targeted your law enforcement agency and our front-line deputies,” Webb said. “I know that the citizens will stand with us so that the persons who did this are brought to justice. This cannot and will not be tolerated.”
Webb would not identify the sheriff’s deputy targeted in the attack, and also refused to disclose how many rounds were fired at the woman’s home, children and vehicles.
The Upshur County Sheriff’s Office says suspects arrested and charged for the attack will be facing attempted capital murder charges, along with charges of retaliation and aggravated assault against a public servant.
“It was an attack on the county as a whole, and the state of Texas,” the sheriff concluded. “This is not going to be tolerated, and we are going to prosecute these folks to the extent of the law.”
 



ARTICLE
The president vocally condemned deniers of the Holocaust, vowing to confront anti-Semitism around the world.
“Those who deny the Holocaust are an accomplice to this horrible evil. And we’ll never be silent — we just won’t — we will never, ever be silent in the face of evil again,” Trump said. “Denying the Holocaust is only one of many forms of dangerous anti-Semitism that continues all around the world.”
The ceremony was attended by Vice President Mike Pence, senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. Ivanka Trump was attending a summit with world leaders in Germany. Israel’s Ambassador to the United States, Ron Dermer, also spoke at the event.
Trump specifically acknowledged survivors of the Holocaust, pointing to their perseverance and their committment to telling the stories of the atrocities committed by the Nazis.
“Evil is always seeking to wage war against the innocent and to destroy all that is good and beautiful about our common humanity,” Trump said. “But evil can only thrive in darkness. And what you have brought us today is so much more powerful than evil. You have brought us hope.”
He recognized the death of Elie Wiesel, a Holocaust survivor and a Nobel prize-winning author who died in 2016. 
“His absence leaves an empty space in our hearts, but his spirit fills this room,” Trump said. “It is the kind of gentle spirit of an angel who lived through hell, and whose courage still lights the path from darkness.”
 



ARTICLE
“These policies are central to the economic empowerment of women and they will ensure economic growth and job creation across the country,” Ivanka Trump told Breitbart News via email after an appearance in Berlin, Germany, alongside German Chancellor Angela Merkel, International Monetary Fund managing director Christine Lagarde, and the Netherlands’ Queen Maxima.
“Ensuring that women enter and stay in the workforce is vital as well as breaking down the barriers for female small business owners so they can become job creators,” Ivanka Trump continued.
“It was such an honor to be invited by Chancellor Merkel to participate in today’s panel to discuss these topics and many others that are crucial to stimulating the economy at home,” she added in her emailed statement to Breitbart News. “I look forward to continuing this dialogue as well as implementing concrete policies to advance these issues that will ultimately benefit all Americans.”
Ivanka Trump’s appearance at the event, the W-20 Summit in Berlin, comes as her father, United States President Donald Trump, nears the end of his first 100 days in office. The audience at the event was rough on the first daughter when she spoke favorably about her father, but she powered through to present the Trump family’s viewpoint on the world stage.
“I’m very, very proud of my father’s advocacy—long before he came to the presidency but during the campaign, including in the primaries, he’s been a tremendous champion of supporting families and enabling them to thrive,” she said.
She also added during the panel that her father always treated women and men equally, and that “there was no difference” between the way he treated her and the way he treated her brothers Donald, Jr., and Eric.
“As a daughter, I can speak on a very personal level,” she added. “I grew up in a house where there was no barrier to what I could accomplish beyond my own perseverance and tenacity. That’s not an easy thing to do; he provided that for us.”
And she praised her father for empowering women in his administration.
“The team basically going through the vetting and hiring process — six out of eight of those people are women,” Ivanka Trump said.
During the campaign, in Pennsylvania, Ivanka appeared alongside her father to roll out the now-president’s childcare and maternity leave policy platforms.
Ivanka Trump told Breitbart News at the event in Aston, Pennsylvania, in September 2016, in an exclusive interview:
One of the major elements is allowing for the cost of child care to be tax deductible for up to four children, and it’s based on the average cost of child care in that person’s state. If you don’t pay taxes, then there’s an expansion of the existing Earned Income Tax Credit—so you get an additional refund for that. This is not only for child care but also for dependent care. Women are predominantly caregivers so that’s why this is most beneficial for women, but it’s also about helping American families.
She also said there would be the creation of Dependent Care Savings Accounts to help with childcare:
Secondly, there is the creation of a Dependent Care Savings Account (DCSA)—which is effectively like a Healthcare Savings Account (HSA)—to allow people to save pre-tax dollars, make contributions, and if you’re a low income person the government will actually match up to 50 percent of the first $1,000 contributed with a cap of $2,000 per year. It rolls over, it can be used for school choice, and it’s sort of an expansion of the school choice program in that this money can be used towards that, it can be used for adult daycare if you’re caring for an adult dependent, or for after-school enrichment activities so it’s a great way to incentivize people to save.
All of this and more, she added then in that September 2016 interview with Breitbart News, was part of a “fresh perspective” a Trump presidency would bring to the table.
“One of the great promises of a Trump presidency is bringing new solutions, fresh perspective to the table in a way that, unfortunately, we haven’t had the benefit of for a very long time,” she said. “I think this is one more example of that.”



ARTICLE
This year alone ARS is lobbying against suppressor deregulation, against repealing the gun ban for military veterans, and against national reciprocity for concealed carry permit holders. Yet Politico reports that an ARS poll claims the NRA is under the control of lobbyists.
Politico reported the poll, saying, 67 percent of gun owners believe the NRA has been “overtaken by lobbyists and the interests of gun manufacturers and lost its original purpose and mission.”  Forty-three percent of the poll’s respondents voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 and 74 percent of respondents said they are not members of the NRA.
Giffords’ husband and gun control group co-founder, Mark Kelly, released a statement with the poll, saying:
As a lifelong gun owner, I’ll be the first to say gun owners want our leaders to do more to save lives and make our communities safer. Whether you are a Republican gun owner, a Democrat gun owner, or an NRA member — we can all agree that when guns end up in the wrong hands the results are devastating. It’s unacceptable that every day 91 Americans are killed by a gun. We’ve got to do better.
Kelly’s claim that “91 Americans are killed by a gun” every day is reminiscent of similar claims made by Clinton and her supporters during the 2016 presidential campaign. Then, as now, the claim requires gun control proponents to swell the actual number of firearm-related homicides by 66 percent. In reality, firearm-related homicides hover around 10,500 to 11,500 a year, and a tenth of those occur in the inner-cities of Chicago and Baltimore alone. Gun controllers like Kelly and Clinton swell that number by adding in firearm-related suicides–which average around 20,000 to 22,000 a year–then reporting the total number as if they were all homicides.
The poll released by ARS was conducted by Public Policy Polling.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Marlow referenced a new profile of Buchanan published by Politico in which he explains that he approaches politics from the perspective of a historian. Marlow proposed that the historical ignorance of so many voters on both left and right is dangerous.
LISTEN:

“I have to agree with you, Alex,” said Buchanan. “One thing that bothers me is really the lack of knowledge of history not only going back into the history of the country, back to its founding and what happened up in the 19th and 20th centuries, but you talk to a number of folks – even good friends and political allies, young people – and they don’t understand what you’re referring to. The examples you use, they know nothing about.” 
“I think this depriving America’s young people of the knowledge of the history of their country and the political battles left and right, everything going back into the 20th century and the 19th century, I think is a real injustice to American youth because they don’t have the real ability to base what they’re saying in examples in history,” he lamented. “Most of these battles we’ve seen before.”
Buchanan said he was gratified and “astonished” that Donald Trump picked up on so many of his own key issues during the 2016 presidential campaign. He believes these issues helped propel Trump to victory, even though “everyone was writing him off as a joke.”
“I said that these issues, which we had raised in the 1990s – mainly the results of quote ‘free trade,’ globalism, also of open borders immigration, of failures to secure the borders, and also of the Bush I/Bush II interventions and wars in the Middle East – that these were going to come back to haunt the United States of America,” he said, referring to his own presidential campaigns in 1992, 1996, and 2000.
“The truth was, we raised those issues back in the nineties, and we said this is what’s going to happen: you’re going to lose half your manufacturing base in this country if you go along with NAFTA and GATT and MFN for China and these other trade policies which basically were giveaways of American industry,” he recalled. 
“What Trump had going for him was he had the results of America having taken the wrong course on all of these issues. We left the borders unprotected. We enacted one after another of these trade deals to the benefit of communist China and Mexico and Japan and other countries. And of course, we plunged into one after another of these wars in the Middle East, not looking at where we were going to wind up after we put our flag over the Capitol. So Trump had the benefit of the consequences of the United States having failed to take the right course in the 1990s under Bush I and Bill Clinton,” said Buchanan.
Marlow said he was concerned that “who has the president’s ear inside the White House are not the populists and the nationalists and the conservatives that got him elected.”
Buchanan said he shared that concern.
“I do believe this, Alex: once Trump won, he was the leader of the Republican Party,” he added. “Now, there are many issues on which I remain a solid conservative Republican as I’ve always been. On the Supreme Court, for example, on the slow growth of government rather than these big programs, on belief in the private sector, and belief in cutting the corporate tax rates and making America more competitive in the world.” 
“But at the same time, there are these new issues: securing America’s borders, protecting the sovereignty of the United States,” he continued. “Stop forfeiting our sovereignty and independence of action that was won for us, back 200-and-some years ago. Stop forfeiting that to some new world order and globalist decision-making. So on all these issues, I felt that you had a marriage, a potential marriage here between the Republican base, the conservative base, and the new populist-nationalist conservatives – and that these two forces together, if they stayed united, could get a tremendous amount done. We’re not going to agree on everything.”
“My concern has been that it hasn’t really come off as smoothly as one would have hoped. Quite frankly, there’s an awful lot of forces in this city of Washington, DC, where I was born and raised, that really want to cashier and dump the populist-nationalist agenda. Excuse me, but that’s the future of the world. You take a look at countries all over the world. Populism, ethno-nationalism, economic nationalism, sovereignty concerns, identity concerns – these are what is moving mankind. With all due respect, the European Union is yesterday,” Buchanan said.
Marlow invited Buchanan to define “nationalism,” one of the most contentious terms in contemporary political discourse.
“Look, all of us are American citizens, everyone here who has taken the oath of loyalty to the government of the nation of the United States. But in the world arena, it means that we look out first and foremost for the national interests of the United States of America. We are not acolytes of some ideology, some globalist ideology that dates back to Immanuel Kant and people like that, where we’re going to create some new world order and we’re going to fit ourselves into that,” Buchanan replied.
“Also that we are a country, a unique people with its own culture, with its own identity, with its own history, its own heroes, its own holidays, its own cuisine,” he continued. “We are a separate nation, a different nation from other nations, and in looking out for this, we look out for basically what is our own national family first.” 
“This is why governments are formed,” he argued. “If you go back to ‘Federalist 2’ and read what John Jay wrote in there about us sharing various principles and histories and memories, that we are unique and we are separate, we’re not just citizens of the world. I reject that. The nation-state on this earth is about the highest or largest entity to which human beings can give true love and allegiance.”
Buchanan laughed heartily when Marlow noted that the mainstream media routinely denounced such views as bigotry, and those views were even more aggressively vilified during Buchanan’s national political campaigns of the nineties. 
“I think we defended ourselves fairly ably,” he recalled. “We certainly got mussed up a little bit. In the ’92 campaign, for example, I came off a Crossfire television show where I articulated my views then. In 1991, ten weeks before the New Hampshire primary, we closed a 65-point gap with the President of the United States to 15 points, and it was something of a sensation then. In 1996 we won Alaska, and then we won the Louisiana caucuses, came in second to Dole in Iowa, and then we won the New Hampshire primary. I think these were successful campaigns. They were not triumphal campaigns, obviously. But we were able to make our case through the national media.” 
“If you go back to when it was really the Dark Ages, I was the author of the Agnew speeches. If you read my new book, Nixon’s White House Wars, Nixon undertook a counterattack on the media when they trashed his great ‘Silent Majority’ speech in 1969. That was a great battle back in 1969, but at the end of 1969, Richard Nixon was at 68 percent approval and 19 percent disapproval. Spiro T. Agnew, whose speech in Des Moines just savaging the networks as unelected elites imposing their agenda on the nation, was the third most-admired man in America,” he noted. 
“Now, if you stood up in those days and made these statements and said what you believed, you could find tremendous echoes out in America. That is what some of the new media, conservative media have discovered,” he said. 
“They’ve been very successful. They’ve been created basically in recent years; I remember speaking with Mr. Murdock about Fox when he was just starting it up. These were ideas that we had back in the sixties, creating a conservative media and creating conservative institutions. It was sort of the beginning. It’s not a bad thing to be out there on the lines, in the earliest days of the cause, and then to see many of these ideas succeed,” Buchanan said happily.
As to whether he was optimistic about the future of the Trump administration, Buchanan professed he was a “historical pessimist.”
“If you go back and look at the great arc of history and Western civilization, and you see its extraordinary accomplishments, and the fact that the West once really ruled the world, and now the West itself is being colonized and invaded by folks from its former colonies who are changing the character of Western civilization, and, frankly, who disregard many of the traditions and things that we have built, it is hard to be an overall optimist,” he explained.
“But in terms of the shorter term, I was elated with Donald Trump’s election because he ran on these issues: preserving the nation, securing its borders, preserving its independence out of this new world order, getting out of all these Third World wars and the rest of it that I thought was really best for my country,” he continued.
“I think he’s really making an effort. There have been some stumbles, obviously, in the early days. But I’m delighted that I voted the way I did, that I supported him and his causes, and I wish him well,” said Buchanan.
“In the longer term, if you take a look at the demographic change taking place in Europe, as I wrote in Death of the West almost 20 years ago, there’s not a single European country that has a birthrate that is going to enable it to replace its native-born. That’s especially true on the Mediterranean coast. As these places empty out, you have new people who come from destitute countries all across the Med and from the Middle East who are going to cross the Med into Europe,” he predicted. 
“I don’t see the national will there to stop this invasion. I see a lot of blue-sky talk about how wonderful it’s going to be, but let’s just say I’m not optimistic. My late friend Clare Boothe Luce once said that there are two kinds of people in this world, the optimists and the pessimists, but the pessimists are better informed,” said Buchanan.
Buchanan said he was not surprised by the campus left’s growing hostility to free speech, as manifested in riots and blocking conservative speakers from universities.
“I don’t think the future is going to be very positive in terms of relations among Americans,” he said. “I think, quite frankly, many Americans dislike and detest each other, as I’ve written many times, and really regard the ideas of their opposites as ‘neo-fascist’ and all the other names we’ve been called.”
“I think what is happened here is that an ideology, a political religion, has taken hold among America’s elites and especially among America’s young, where they regard statements and expressions of traditional conservative values and beliefs as really intolerable,” he warned. “They’re racists, they’re sexists, they’re homophobic. They shouldn’t be tolerated because they’re precursors of some sort of fascist future.” 
“Therefore, we have to stamp them out, in the way folks in schools would not want people coming in and selling the idea that drugs are good for you and things. … These ideas are evil, and we should have no compunction – frankly, we should have moral certitude – about erasing these ideas because we know the horrendous things they’ve resulted in,” he said.
“So they’re doing this in quite good conscience. I think they’re fanatics, but they’re doing it in good conscience because they sincerely believe what they say about us,” Buchanan observed. “When they call us those names – what did Hillary say about us? – you know, a ‘basket of deplorables,’ racists, sexists, homophobes, xenophobes, Islamophobes, bigots. That’s what they think about us.” 
“I think you can expect, quite frankly, if people believe that about you, and they don’t want you to take power, and you’ve taken power, and you’re going to advance your ideas, then you behave the way they’re behaving. It is not unpredictable what is coming,” he said ominously.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
Listen to the full audio of the interview above. 



ARTICLE
Trump said her father is a “tremendous champion of supporting families,” at the event, which prompted tweets from reporters saying audience members hissed and booed following her remark.

Ivanka Trump gets booed, hissed at during Berlin event – POLITICO https://t.co/9XD16iDMlf
— Annie Karni (@anniekarni) April 25, 2017

Trump also said at the even that she felt on equal footing with her brothers growing up.
“As a daughter, I can speak on a very personal level knowing that he encouraged and enabled me to thrive,” she said. “I don’t take that lightly as a parent now myself.
“And there was no difference for me and my brothers,” Trump said.

Such a warm welcome from some of the great men, women and families serving at the U.S. Embassy in Berlin. Thank you! pic.twitter.com/jbpV8XBnXg
— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 25, 2017

In its account of the First Daughter’s first official trip abroad NBC headlined its story “Ivanka Trump in Germany: First Daughter Leaves Some Women Scratching Their Heads” and referred to Trump as “the billionaire’s daughter.” See below:

Trump was invited to sit on a panel at the Women20 summit by German President Angela Merkel, who met Trump and the president face-to-face during her recent visit to the White House.
The president has spoken about the “unbelievable chemistry” between himself and the German head of state. But some see the invitation as less of a friendly gesture and more of a political move by a savvy politician.
“For Merkel, a skilled political operator forging relations with the third U.S. president to gain power during her 12 years in office, it was a useful signal of how to work the Trump White House,” Politico reported.
“She followed up by elevating Ivanka Trump even more, inviting her to speak Tuesday at the W20 Summit in Berlin alongside Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde, among others.”
Also in the preview report on Trump’s trip on Monday, Politico said the First Daughter would “stick to the basics.”
“The White House official said Trump plans to stick to the basics: Highlighting the role of women in the global economy and discussing the importance of access to capital for female entrepreneurs,” Politico reported, adding that Trump, “a converted Orthodox Jew” would pay her respects at Berlin’s Holocaust memorial.
Trump was joined on her trip by Dina Powell, who is now deputy national security adviser and senior economic counselor to the president, communications adviser Hope Hicks and her chief of staff Julie Radford.



ARTICLE
Dawud Abdulwali, who said the fire was inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement and his rage against police officers, pleaded no contest to one count of arson and admitted to using an accelerant to start the blaze, according to a statement issued by the Los Angeles County district attorney’s office and reported by the Los Angeles Times.
According to local NBC affiliate in Los Angles, Abdulwali was also ordered to pay restitution, which is expected to approach $100 million.
The late-night conflagration occurred on Dec. 7, 2014. In addition to destroying the 7-story Da Vinci apartment complex, the fire melted freeway signs and damaged local buildings.
The Times notes that “the blaze caused between $20 million and $30 million in damage to the Da Vinci complex and an additional $50 million in damage to the DWP building, according to the Los Angeles Fire Department. The apartment complex’s owner also suffered approximately $100 million in lost potential revenue as a result of the fire, according to a probation report filed with the court.”
During one of Abdulwali’s hearings, his former roommate, Edwyn Gomez reportedly told investigators that he heard Abdulwali speak with fervor about seeking vengeance for the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri in the late summer of 2014.
The Times noted at the time that Gomez said Abdulwali told him, “Cops kill my people,” and “We should go do this, we should go burn some [expletive] down … We should go break some windows.”
However, during a subsequent court hearing in May 2016, Gomez said he did not recall telling officers that he heard Abdulwali make those comments before a prosecutor played the recorded conversation. Gomez said he had been grateful to Abdulwali for taking him in as a homeless person and suggesting that he had not reported Abdulwali to authorities because of that kindness to him, and because he had not taken his words seriously.
Prior to his arrest, the reward for information leading to Abdluwali’s arrest and conviction had been set to an unprecedented $170,000.
Los Angeles Fire Department Chief Ralph Terrazas issued a statement followingAbdulwali’s plea deal: “Thanks to the hard work of dozens of investigators and the dedicated staff of the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office, a man who set one of the most expensive and destructive building fires in the City’s history will serve a lengthy prison sentence.” Terrazas also commended the men and women who were involved in the case.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
He announced his intent to institute a 20 percent tax on Canadian soft lumber imports as a big step forward on his agenda.
“I’ve been looking to do this for years, I cannot understand how this country has allowed itself to be literally taken advantage of by so many other countries and we never go back,” he said.
Trump confirmed reports that he would tackle unfairly subsidized aluminum imports in the upcoming weeks, and preview additional actions after that.
He specifically addressed free trade critics of his economic agenda.
“I’m the biggest free trader of them all, you can’t be a free trader when nobody else is, and nobody ever says that,” he said.
The president signed an executive order last week to move forward on an investigation into international steel imports to see whether they threaten national security.
“Not specifically China,” he said, although he acknowledged that China was doing a lot of the dumping.
Trump appeared confident that countries exporting to the United States would quickly learn his motives for trade policy.
“The process is, when you charge them enough, they’re not going to send it anymore, it’s a very simple process,” he said.
He pointing to countries who had their own protective import taxes of 70, 80, 90, even 100 percent.
“I call it a reciprocal tax,” Trump said. “If a country is charging us a 100 percent tax, and we’re charging them nothing for the same product … why didn’t these politicians just say reciprocal tax? We’re going to be very heavy on the reciprocal tax.”
Trump admitted that his tone with China has moderated somewhat, but pointed to his negotiations with them to contain the North Korea threat as the reason.
“China has a tremendous power over North Korea, in my opinion they can help us … lets see what they do, that will have a lot to do with my thinking.”
Trump pointed to Canada obstructing American milk and milk product from being imported into the country.
“We can’t sell milk,” he said, pointing to the milk product classifications that were recently put into place by the Canadian dairy industry, sparking protests from American dairy farmers.
Trump signaled that his actions on trade would help restore the states of important industries in the United States, specifically citing his thoughts on dairy and lumber.
“You know what it’s going to really mean? It means we’re going to start doing lumber in our country, it’s going to mean that farmers are now going to start selling milk in our country, instead of buying Canadian milk.” Trump said.



ARTICLE
Reuters, citing Germany’s DPA news agency, the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung Online and other German media reported that Netanyahu had canceled the talks, a move Gabriel said earlier would be “regrettable.”
“It’s difficult for me to imagine that the meeting will be canceled, because this would be very regrettable,” he said, noting it would be “exceptional” if Netanyahu were to shun a meeting with him.
“In no country in the world can you get a reasonable and comprehensive impression if you only meet with government representatives. You have to meet, as we did yesterday, with writers, with artists and students, and also with critical organizations,” he said in an interview with Germany’s ZDF television.
The German foreign minister was scheduled to meet B’Tselem and Breaking the Silence, an Israeli NGO that collects anonymous testimonies from Israeli soldiers about alleged human rights abuses towards Palestinians. BTS receives much of its funding from the EU and European countries.
Gabriel admitted that both BTS and B’Tselem are organizations that are very critical of Israel’s policies vis-a-vis the Palestinians.
“These are topics of the daily political news circle on which we need to form a political view. Therefore I find it totally normal to talk to them. I can’t imagine that we would stop doing this in the future only so we could meet with government officials.”
The Prime Minister’s Office did not issue an official comment on the incident.
Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely praised Netanyahu for not surrendering to “anti-Israel” organizations, saying, “This is a battle against those who slander Israel in the world.”
Opposition leader Issac Herzog, with whom Gabriel is scheduled to meet on Wednesday, slammed Netanyahu’s decision.
“Netanyahu has fled the field. The ultimatum to the German Foreign Ministry is a serious blow to Israel’s ties with a country that has the largest economy in Europe and is a true friend,” Herzog said.
Gabriel was in the country to mark Holocaust Remembrance Day and advance peace efforts.
On Monday, Gabriel visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem and took the opportunity to reflect on Germany’s sordid past in the museum’s guest book, calling the Holocaust an “unparalleled crime against humanity.”
“On this occasion I want to reiterate in no uncertain terms the historic responsibility that Germany bears for the Holocaust and the crimes of the Second World War and that guides our conduct today,” he wrote.
Earlier on Tuesday, he met with Palestinian officials including PA Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah in Ramallah. He also met with Ir Amim, another left-wing Israeli group. Later in the day, he met with President Reuven Rivlin.



ARTICLE
Meadows commended the actions of President Trump, grading him an A. He explained, “I think he’s accomplished a lot more than what people in the media allege, and coming from my district, a lot of North Carolina people cheer him for doing what he said what he would do. He’s accomplishing a lot, and he’s not afraid to make mistakes. If I were to give him a rating on his first 100 days, I would give him an A, and that’s even counting a new Supreme Court Justice. He’s signed a number of Congressional Review Acts that would undo significant regulatory schemes. He’s set a historical level of being able to repeal actual rules that affects jobs, especially for those in farming and mining; it’s actual progress. And that’s only the first 100 days. Most Americans believe that it will only get better day after day.”
He went on to say, “He’s put America first and has a strong national security emphasis where most Americans will jump up and say it’s about time. They’re tired of losing their jobs overseas, and they’re tired of being politically correct and accepting refugees, where at times those refugees have the potential of creating real harm in our communities. He’s been bold. And he’s been lauded by millions of Americans who cheer that there’s a man in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue who remembers about the forgotten man. And indeed he’s done that.”
Meadows told Breitbart News that President Trump has a work ethic beyond any measure: “I think for a president that came from a non-political background, he quickly learned how Congress works. I think there’s been a learning curve for the president. Here’s a personal story: I don’t know if I have ever been as impressed with a CEO, or a president, who is getting as involved in negotiating the finer details of national security, health care, the economy, or tax reform, to the extent that he’s been willing to get on the phone at midnight and then the next morning at 6:30 a.m. If the American people understood how engaged this president is, and how engaged he is at making his campaign promises fulfilled, the American people would be nothing short of amazed. He works me to death, and I’m a member of Congress. I cannot imagine how hard he works his staff at the White House.”
Continuing, Meadows said, “I know a lot of people will criticize him for the healthcare repeal, when, in actuality, it took Obamacare 17 months to pass, where we will repeal the majority of Obamacare in 17 weeks, and you have to put it in perspective. Everyone has high expectations for draining the swamp; they think it can be done overnight, and he is very methodical and will continue to do so in the next 100 days.”
“I don’t think it is reported much,” Meadows said, “but in the White House, there is a war room with all of his campaign promises, and he goes around checking off his campaign promises to make sure he keeps all of his campaign promises. It is apparent he keeps it very seriously and makes sure we do it correctly.”
The Freedom Caucus chairman believes that the president and Congress can accomplish even more in the next 100 days. He said, “I do believe that we need to start on border security. We need a wall or a sophisticated fence, as long as it secures our border. I want him to continue to work with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the sanctuary city issue and make sure our cities are secure. I am sure we will have tax reform set out and well in place for the next 100 days. Once we get the economy going and continue to make it open for business for manufacturing, we will start to see the streamlining of the federal government to make sure it is efficient and accountable to the American people. I know he is serious about it, and I know we can restore the American people’s faith in our government.”
Meadows then shared, “I think that many of the battles between Congress and the White House are overstated and that sometimes we criticize because we have great expectations that things will change faster than they have. The other part is that we need to put bills on his desk. The president is very willing to use his pen to sign bills, but we need to make the 50-60 hours a week legislating to make sure that we can get things done. It is incumbent on us in the House and the Senate. We need to legislate expeditiously.”
The North Carolina congressman criticized Democrats for the slow pace of confirming Trump’s administration officials and said that in the next 100 days, we will see Obamacare repealed: “I think that we still have a slow pace of confirmations in the Trump administration, and many of our Democrat colleagues should be ashamed of the slow pace at which they approve those nominees. This is not a president that makes excuses and still gets stuff done despite everything. I think you will be surprised how much we will get in the following weeks.”
“I fully expect,” he added, “that we will repeal most aspects of Obamacare by the end of May. It may have been a deterrent in the first 100 days, but by the end of the first 120 days or so, it will be seen as a significant accomplishment. It’s not how you start; it’s how you finish, as the as song used to say. We will have an excellent finish.”
In summary of his thoughts on Trump’s first 100 days, Meadows said, “I’m not tired of winning yet. Let’s keep winning! I love to be exhausted on winning!”



ARTICLE
The documents, part of an internal budget proposal for 2018, seem to confirm the State Department and USAID’s 28 percent budget cut announced in March.
While many countries will suffer from major cutbacks or else have aid cancelled entirely, funds to the West Bank and the Gaza Strip will see an increase of 4.6 percent for the 2018 fiscal year, from $205 million in 2017 to $215 million.
Increased aid will be funneled to Syria, Iraq and Libya to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars, while other countries in the Middle East will be subjected to cutbacks, according to the report. Those countries include, somewhat surprisingly, Egypt and Jordan.
Despite ostensibly warm relations and mutual admiration between President Donald Trump and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, Egypt’s aid will nevertheless be subjected to a 47.4 percent decrease. The proposal also includes a 21 percent cut in foreign aid to Jordan, even though King Abdullah is the only world leader to have met with the president twice over their shared desire to destroy the Islamic State.
In addition to the proposed aid cuts, the budget, if approved, would see an almost $1 billion cut in aid for climate change programs. Congress is likely to oppose the proposed cuts.
On Sunday, a senior delegation of Palestinian officials, including PLO Secretary-General and chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat, traveled to Washington ahead of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas’s visit to the White House next week for his May 3 meeting with Trump.



ARTICLE
Regarding the later, said Gohmert, “It goes back to the Animal House line, “Well, you messed up. You trusted us,” referring to Trump trusting in Congress.
Gohmert went on, “He has learned that when it comes to bills, he will probably need to be more hands on and make sure that he gets the bill that he wants – the things that he wants done – put actually into the law. This Obamacare bill, it doesn’t repeal as much of Obamacare as we did two years ago and that’s after the people have spoken and given us both houses and the presidency.”
Added Gohmert, ” We’re supposed to trust the government, Health and Human Services, and my friend Tom Price to do the repeal for us. well, Tom will do all he can. But there’s a likelihood there’ll be court action. That’s something that really should have been repealed by Congress. We did most of the repeal two yeats ago. I just didn’t understand why we didn’t do at least that much. So, I really think that you will see the lessons learned from Obamacare used in pushing forward a tax bill….”
More discussion, including on Trump’s first 100 days, can be heard below.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Measles now joins active tuberculosis as a public health problem within Minnesota’s Somali community.
“During the five years between 2010 and 2014, 732 cases of active TB were diagnosed in Minnesota. Of these, 81 percent, or 593, were foreign-born. Of foreign-born cases, 50 percent, or 296, were refugees, according to “The Epidemiology of Tuberculosis in Minnesota, 2010-2014,” a report published by the Minnesota Department of Health,” Breitbart News noted in October.
“Twenty-nine percent of the 593 foreign-born cases of active TB diagnosed in Minnesota [between 2012 and 2015], or 161, were attributed to Somali born migrants. Almost all Somali migrants to the United States have arrived under the federal refugee resettlement program,” Breitbart News reported at the time.
“The Hennepin County measles outbreak grew to 20 cases Monday, after eight new infections were confirmed. State health officials said all the cases have occurred within the Somali-American community, and they urged parents to get the measles vaccine for themselves and their children if they are unvaccinated,” the Star Tribune reported last week:
 The outbreak is expected to produce many more cases and could exceed the 2011 outbreak of 26 cases, according to Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease director at the Minnesota Health Department.
So far, all of those who have caught the measles in this outbreak are 5 years old or younger. Exposure has occurred at several day care centers.
Since the first case was detected two weeks ago, health investigators have been trying to identify anyone unvaccinated exposed to the virus, which is highly contagious. It can take up to three weeks for measles symptoms to develop.
“The Health Department recommended Monday that the schedule for a second dose be accelerated for any Somali-American children who had received the initial shot, which they said is a common practice during outbreaks,” the Star Tribune reported:
The eight new infections in this outbreak include for the first time at least one baby under 12 months, an age group that has been of concern to public health officials because they typically lack immunity protection.
Investigators have examined the vaccination records of 16 of those infected, and none of them had received the MMR shot. Records for the other four are still being collected.
Measles symptoms include coughing, a sore throat, fever and a blotchy skin rash. It can lead to pneumonia and encephalitis, or swelling of the brain, and in same cases is fatal.
“According to a health department official, Minnesota’s Somali immigrant community has been a particular target of the anti-vaccination movement, colloquially known as ‘anti-vaxxers,’ ” Mic.com reported last week:
“They’re very much engaged with and targeting this community,” Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease division director at the Minnesota Health Department, said in a phone call Wednesday.
According to Ehresmann, anti-vaccine groups began to target the Somali community around 2008, amid concerns about autism among Somali-American children. Anti-vaccine groups started reaching out to the Somali community and showing up at community health meetings, she said, disseminating misinformation linking autism to the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine, or MMR.
Since then, the population has seen a “steady decline in MMR vaccine rates.”
“At least one high-profile figure in the anti-vaccine movement has made special trips just to speak to Somali immigrants. In 2011, Andrew Wakefield, a man who has been called the “father of the anti-vaccine movement,” showed up in Minnesota in the midst of what was then the state’s first major measles outbreak in years, the Star Tribune reported at the time,” Mic.com added.
Ehresmann said that wasn’t Wakefield’s first trip to speak to Somali families in Minnesota — she believes he visited once before, in 2008, when anti-vaxxers were first arriving to spread misinformation.
Wakefield, the now-disgraced British doctor who published a widely shared and subsequently discredited paper implying a link between vaccines and autism, traveled to Minneapolis to hold a private forum for Somali immigrants. The meeting was described at the time as a “support group” for families of autistic children, the Star Tribune reported.
Hennepin County  is also the site of two recent cases of active tuberculosis at local public high schools, as Breitbart News reported in February:
Another case of active tuberculosis (TB) has been diagnosed in Hennepin County, Minnesota public schools, local officials confirmed on Wednesday.
The new case has been diagnosed in “a person at Central Middle School in Eden Prairie,” KARE TV reports.
This marks the second time in two months Hennepin County Department of Health officials have confirmed that a person at a public school in the county has been diagnosed with active TB.
In January, Hennepin County Public Health Department officials reported that a person at St. Louis Park High School had been diagnosed with active TB.
The letter to parents from St. Louis Park Public Schools informing them of the case of active TB in January was sent in three languages: English, Spanish, and Somali, Breitbart News reported.



ARTICLE
“We’re going to be putting a 20% tax on softwood lumber coming in — tariff on softwood coming into the United States from Canada,” Trump announced during a meeting with conservative journalists. He also signaled he wanted action on Canadian dairy products as well.
“We’re going to start doing lumber in our country, it’s going to mean that farmers are going to start selling milk in our country,” Trump said.
The president’s decision is the latest sign that he will keep his promises on trade deal negotiations.
A senior administration trade official said that the issue was a “long simmering problem” with Canada, pointing out that they get cheap lumber from federally-owned timber and sell it at subsidized rates.
“We love Canada, wonderful people, wonderful country, but they have been very good about taking advantage of us through NAFTA,” Trump said.
Trump said that he would explore allowing more logging on federal lands with the Department of Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency.
“We’re actually having some of those horrific fires because this stuff is sitting there, virgin stuff for so long, and it’s in very bad shape,” he said.



ARTICLE
All three women made clear they were not defending O’Reilly, but criticizing what they described as a news media double standard when it came to the treatment of their own serious charges against Clinton.
Juanita Broaddrick, who famously accused Clinton of raping her twice in a hotel room in 1978, stated:
I have no idea whether the accusations against Bill O’Reilly are true or not but I would like to ask, “Where in the world were all these people when Bill Clinton’s victims came forward with more serious accusations?  Why is Bill Clinton given a pass over the other Bills?”  I would truly like to know because I will never understand it.
In an emotionally charged video interview with this reporter last October, Broaddrick recounted what she described as the life-changing experience of the alleged rape.
Willey and Jones both accused Clinton of sexual assault, with Willey saying that she suffered acts of intimidation in what she has described as a campaign to silence her.
Contrasting the news media coverage of the allegations against O’Reilly with the manner in which some in the media and politics dismissed the charges against “predator and “pervert” Clinton, Willey told Breitbart News:
Though I should not be surprised, I am still astounded by the hypocrisy of the members of the Democratic Party and media. While the revelations of the many scandals of Bill Clinton’s administration are stunning to this day, the left continues to ignore his many, many crimes such as rape, sexual harassment, and lying under oath. They have swept his transgressions and crimes under the rug for many years, only to refer to him as a “randy boy.” There’s nothing “randy” about him. He is a predator and a pervert.
The charges against Bill O’Reilly are serious, but where has he been heard regarding these accusations? He has been judged, tried, and convicted by the Murdoch team. We will never know if these accusations are true or false. The least the powers that be at Fox could have done was to give him a forum on which to respond and say good-bye to his many fans. He helped build Fox News from the ground up. In the meantime, the MSM and the liberals continue to overlook Bill and Hillary’s ongoing lies and cover-ups.
Jones criticized The View as being “hypocritical’ for featuring a friendly interview with O’Reilly accuser and former Fox clerical worker Perquita Burgess last week while some hosts on the same show dismissed the accusations from Jones, Willey, and Broaddrick.
In November, The View co-host Joy Behar apologized on air after seemingly referring to Clinton’s sexual assault accusers as “tramps.”
Stated Jones of the O’Reilly coverage:
I’m disgusted once again about how hypocritical the liberal media can be.  Those insane women on The View have the nerve to actually show their feelings on this issue and not see the same resemblance only worse about their man, Bill Clinton! I can’t say that any of this is true with Bill O’Reilly and none of them can say it either!
I’ve not heard that Bill O’Reilly ever raped a lady or showed his tiny peeper to a lady either, like Bill Clinton has. Yet they want to crucify Bill O’Reilly, and think that Bill Clinton has actually paid the consequences.
Clinton was only impeached and kept his job… He was rallied around by the whole media and liberal Hollywood! Bill O’Reilly has been fired from his job and is being railroaded for much less than what Bill Clinton has ever done!
Jones added that “the liberals take these women who make these claims seriously, yet they called me a bimbo, trailer park trash, and the list goes on and on? Bill Clinton was getting his tiny wiener sucked under the Oval Office desk, where was the outrage to that? As long as it’s a liberal, unethical, baby killer who does all this then it’s perfectly okay, but if it’s a conservative against their evil issues then they crucify them until they are gone. Pathetic!”
O’Reilly was dismissed from Fox News last week after the New York Times reported on numerous sexual harassment allegations and private settlements over the years. An internal Fox News investigation reportedly found new harassment claims against the highly-rated host. O’Reilly was ousted nine months after Roger Ailes, founder and former Chairman and CEO of Fox News, resigned in the face of allegations that he sexually harassed female employees and media colleagues.
Fortune magazine featured a piece on O’Reilly’s downfall titled, “Why Bill O’Reilly Got What He Deserved.”
“Bill O’Reilly is vile. His departure from Fox is long overdue,” opined Moustafa Bayoumi writing in the Guardian newspaper.
Variety published a piece featuring celebrities celebrating O’Reilly’s departure from Fox News.
The news media mistreatment of Clinton’s sexual assault accusers, meanwhile, was typified during the 2016 presidential election by NBC News Anchor Andrea Mitchell baselessly calling Broaddrick “discredited” during a segment that aired May 19 on the highly-rated Today Show.
Following a letter from Broaddrick’s attorney demanding a retraction, NBC deleted the “discredited” reference from the Internet version of Mitchell’s report.
In another case, The View co-host Joy Behar apologized on air after seemingly referring to Clinton’s sexual assault accusers as “tramps.”
In the case of NBC, neither Mitchell nor the network provided any documentation or evidence to back up the “discredited” claim. As critics pointed out in response to Mitchell’s claim, Broaddrick’s accusation has not been discredited.
NBC itself vetted Broaddrick’s story when she originally broke her silence by speaking to the network’s show Dateline in 1999.
The network also caught up with Norma Rodgers, Broaddrick’s friend and employee, who confirmed Broaddrick’s story of how Norma found Broaddrick in her hotel room in the immediate aftermath of the incident with a badly swollen lip and mouth and that Broaddrick’s pantyhose had been ripped off. Broaddrick had stated that Clinton bit her on the lip during the alleged rape, which she said transpired in 1978 at her room in a Little Rock hotel.
NBC’s Lisa Myers, who conducted the 1999 interview with Broaddrick for the network, stated in a 2014 interview that “[N]othing has come up since that story was reported that in any way undercuts what Juanita Broaddrick said.” Myers has since retired from the network.
NBC’s treatment of Broaddrick is an important case study when it comes to the news media’s coverage of Clinton sex accusers during Bill Clinton’s tenure in office and after.
After filming the 1999 interview, NBC waited 35 days until finally airing the exclusive. The timeline is critical. The Senate voted to acquit Clinton in the impeachment case on February 12. NBC’s interview, conducted January 20, 1999, did not run until February 24, and the network placed it opposite the highly-rated Grammy Awards.
Some have questioned NBC’s motivation in waiting to air Broaddrick’s charge of rape. “The 35-day interval between tape and air is now one of the legends of the impeachment process. Why didn’t the American public get to hear Mrs. Broaddrick before the Senate voted to acquit Mr. Clinton on Feb. 12?” wrote Philip Weiss in the Observer in 1999.
Speaking in 1999, NBC News Vice President Bill Wheatley vehemently denied the network deliberately held the interview until after the Senate vote. He said NBC took the normal period of time for properly vetting stories. “There was no pressure from the White House, period. Nor as some were claiming was there any pressure from NBC or G.E. corporate higher-ups to kill the story,” said Wheatley.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.



ARTICLE
Israel became the first country after the US to receive the American-built jets, which will increase its ability to attack distant targets. The main unique capability of the plane is its ability to fly over enemy territory without being identified by radars. Moreover, it is able to carry 16 tons of bombs, missiles and fuel.
In total, Israel is set to receive 50 such planes (F-35A), named Adir by the IAF, with deliveries taking place over the course the next few years, with the last arriving by the end of the decade. Together, they are set to form two squadrons.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Speaking Sunday night at the World Jewish Congress’ Plenary Assembly in New York, Guterres said he could not control all expressions of bias against Israel at the United Nations. But he said Israel has the right to be treated like any other U.N. member state.
“A modern form of anti-Semitism is the denial of the right of the State of Israel to exist,” Guterres said. “As secretary-general of the United Nations, I can say that the State of Israel needs to be treated as any other state, with exactly the same rules.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
“Every generation must learn and apply the lessons of the Holocaust so that such horror, atrocity, and genocide never again occur,” Trump said in a proclamation marking the Days of Remembrance of the Victims of the Holocaust.
Recalling that the Holocaust was “the state-sponsored, systematic persecution and attempted annihilation of European Jewry by the Nazi regime and its collaborators,” the Republican president stressed the need to “remember the victims, honor their memory and their lives, and celebrate humanity’s victory over tyranny and evil.”
“We pledge to never be bystanders to evil. We must never forget,” said Trump, who will give a speech Tuesday at the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement the world was “blessed that Holocaust survivors continue to inspire us with their first-hand experiences and to steel our resolve to combat anti-Semitism and all forms of hatred.”
Presidential adviser and first daughter Ivanka Trump, who converted to Judaism before marrying Jared Kushner, said in a White House statement that world leaders should pledge to ensure that “genocide like the Holocaust will never happen again.”
She will be in Berlin on Tuesday participating in a “Women 20” meeting about female economic empowerment, and will visit the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe, the statement said.
President Trump raised eyebrows in January shortly after taking office when he issued a statement marking Holocaust Remembrance Day that made no mention of the six million Jews killed.
The Anti-Defamation League, which tracks acts of anti-Semitism, called the omission “puzzling and troubling.”
Trump was also criticized for his slow reaction to a spate of anti-Semitic threats against Jewish community centers.
Earlier this month, White House spokesman Sean Spicer was forced to apologize after appearing to favorably compare Adolf Hitler’s actions during the Holocaust to atrocities carried out now by Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad.
His comments provoked outrage far beyond America’s borders, especially in Israel.



ARTICLE
He is using Twitter to hit the Democrats as enablers for the criminal gangs that are smuggling deadly drugs into American cities and towns around the nation, and which are sending murderous MS-13 gang members into Americans’ neighborhoods.

….the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017


The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017

The strategy makes sense because it is true, and because many of the Americans who will vote in 2018 are increasingly concerned about the rising death toll from Mexican-supplied heroin and other drugs. In July 2016, Breitbart News reported:
Voters want safer communities as they see crime rates rising. The Opinion Research Corporation found that 58 percent of voters think politicians aren’t doing enough to keep drug traffickers off the streets, but only 30 percent thought we lock up drug traffickers for too long, a 2-to-1 margin.
Remarkably, female respondents expressed much more support for stronger enforcement than men, with 62 percent of women (mothers, daughters, wives) saying not enough is done to keep traffickers far from their families — indicating a law and order agenda is an issue that can win over significant numbers of women voters.
Middle and lower-class Americans’ crime worries have dramatically increased since Obama launched his “stigmatize-and-federalize” cops campaign: 68 percent of nonwhite respondents in a Gallup poll said they worried “a great deal” about crime, along with 53 percent of political independents. Cutting sentences for federal inmates is a bipartisan priority only in the Beltway — back in middle America, cracking down on crime unites diverse constituencies.
Other polls also show a growing public concern about drugs and crime.
In response, Democrats are saying Trump should get the Mexican government to pay for the wall up-front. Trump counters by saying Mexico will pay for the wall, but he will not delay construction of the wall until Mexico starts paying.

Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017

The Mexican government and many prominent Mexican leaders say they won’t pay for the wall, but the U.S. government has many means to extracting indirect payments, such as taxing illegal-aliens’ money sent via banking systems to relatives in Mexico. Another form of indirect payment is a reduction of Mexican aliens living in the United States, whose departure would reduce U.S. payments to families in Mexico and would also increase wages for Americans.
Democrats leaders are determined to stop the wall because it would symbolically and literally interdict the flow of cheap workers, welfare-aided consumers, and apartment renters in the Democratic-dominated upmarket cities on the coastlines. GOP leaders are not fighting for Trump’s wall, partly because their donors and local supports also want the cheap-labor inflow.
Democratic leaders are playing the role of victim in press conferences, and argue that Trump’s successful campaign promise to build a wall is actually a political “stunt” and a reckless “poison pill” which threatens to shut down government amid bipartisan budget negotiations. “The Democrats in the House and the Senate are ready to work and cooperate with the White House to keep the government open,” Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union. He continued:
But we told the president weeks ago, don’t try any political stunts, don’t put any poison pills into this process. Let’s just do the responsible important work of funding this government. We know what this wall is all about. This was a promise made by the president during his campaign. Don’t you remember he said the Mexicans were going to pay for it? Now we know it’s going to cost $20 to $70 billion for this wall. We have Democrats and Republicans all along the border opposing this deal. It’s a political stunt, an obsession for the president that should not shut down our government.
In backroom negotiations, Trump’s budget director is offering the Democrats $1 in Obamacare funding for every $1 that Democrats agree to spend on the wall. “We’ve finally boiled this negotiation down to something that we want very badly, that the Democrats really don’t like, and that’s the Border wall,” Mick Mulvaney told Bloomberg on Friday. He continued:
At the same time, there’s something they want very badly that we don’t like very much, which are these cost-sharing reductions of the Obamacare payments. Ordinarily, in a properly functioning Washington, DC, as in any business, this would be the basis upon which a negotiated resolution could be achieved. The question is, how much of our stuff do we have to get, how much of their stuff are they willing to take? And that’s the way it should work. That is the way that we hope that it works. We’d offer them one dollar of CSR payments for one dollar of wall payments. Right now, that’s the offer that we’ve given to our Democrat colleagues. … If the Democrats come back to us and say, ‘Look, we can’t do that, we can do this,’ that’s a really, really good sign, not only in the short-term, but in the long-term. If they simply walk away, and choose to not participate in the discussions, that’s a bad sign, not only in the short-term, but for the next several years.”
Each year, 4 million Americans turn 18 and enter the workforce, where they face job competition from roughly 1 million new temporary contract workers and 1 million legal immigrants, plus indirect competition from roughly 30 million unemployed working-age Americans who are sitting on the sidelines while immigrants drive down wages. But business groups want the government to keep importing additional people, who serve as cheap workers, welfare-aided consumers, and apartment renters.
 



ARTICLE
The hidden segregation, however, is being ended by President Donald Trump and his deputies, who announced mid-March a new national campaign against “Female Genital Mutilation” that is commonplace in some immigrant communities.
Genital cutting by immigrant parents “sets these [American victims] apart from the mainstream culture and may complicate their efforts to adjust to life in the United States and cause intergenerational conflict in some families,” according to Adeyinka M. Akinsulure-Smith and Evangeline I. Sicalides, the authors of “Female Genital Cutting in the United States: Implications for Mental Health Professionals.”
The two New York psychologists are not political activists seeking to reduce and protect the practice as it spreads by immigration into Western Europe and the United States. Instead, they are therapists who help other experts deal with the after-effects of the imported practice.
“[I]t is our professional and ethical responsibility to be informed about this cultural practice, and to possess the awareness, knowledge, and skills to intervene,” the psychologists say.
The psychologists’ primary concern is that females who have been cut may become patients of U.S. healthcare providers who have no awareness or acceptance of the immigrant practice and may bring “unexamined opinions and attitudes” to their treatment of these females.
Their recommendation is that healthcare providers exempt themselves from the politics, and merely treat FGM as a medical issue. Providers should avoid “pathologizing the experiences of all girls and women who have undergone FGC,” while also familiarizing themselves with the legal issues and physical and psychological complications associated with the procedure, they wrote.
“A thorough understanding of these factors is fundamental to promoting appropriate care for those who have had FGC and for developing effective interventions to prevent new FGC cases in the United States where the practice is illegal,” the authors write.
Akinsulure-Smith and Sicalides attribute the rise of FGM in the United States to the increase in immigration from countries that perform the procedure:
The precipitous rise in women and girls who are affected by FGC reflects a growth in immigration to the United States from countries with high FGC prevalence rates. More specifically, 55% of U.S. women and girls at risk come from Somalia, Egypt, and Ethiopia where the prevalence rates for females ages 15–49 are 98%, 91%, and 74%, respectively (Mather & Feldman-Jacobs, 2015). Sixty percent of these women and girls live in eight states: California, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Virginia, and Washington (Mather & Feldman- Jacobs, 2015).
In the United States, approximately 513,000 females are either at risk of FGM or have already been cut, an estimate that is more than double the 228,000 observed in 2000 and three times more than the 1990 estimate of 168,000, established by the World Health Organization (WHO).
According to WHO, FGM has “no health benefits, only harm.” The immediate consequences of the procedure can include severe pain, excessive bleeding, fever, infections, shock, and even death. Long-term difficulties include urinary problems, sexual and childbirth complications, and psychological issues, says WHO.
Akinsulure-Smith and Sicalides downplay the ties between FGM and Islam, saying the practice is sometimes “required by faith” – though they do not mention Islam or the Muslim faith. FGM, the authors note, is also performed on females to reduce sexual desire in women, assure virginity before marriage, and to increase male sexual pleasure. Additionally, some perform the practice because a woman’s genitalia is viewed as “dirty” and “aesthetically unpleasing.”
FGM became illegal in the United States in 1996, for girls under the age of 18. The practice is viewed as “gender-based torture” and as a “human rights violation,” note the psychologists.
Initially, U.S. law “excluded cultural grounds as a way to justify the practice of FGC,” the authors note. “To circumvent this law, parents and/or guardians sent girls abroad to undergo FGC, usually during the summer months. This practice came to be known as ‘vacation cutting.’” In 2013, however, Congress outlawed the “vacation cutting” practice as well.
Since 1994, 24 states also have criminalized FGM and at least 12 states have made the practice a felony for parents who allow their daughter to undergo the procedure.
States without specific FGM laws utilize their own child protection or child abuse laws as a means of reporting the procedure, Akinsulure-Smith and Sicalides observe. They add, however, that mandated reporters – such as school personnel and healthcare providers – are “often unsure whether FGC constitutes [criminal] abuse and whether they have a legal obligation to report suspected cases of cutting.”
When female children have been cut, they are often hesitant to speak with state authorities for fear their parents or other relatives may be arrested, the authors explain.
The Trump administration Department of Justice has recently announced a national campaign to end the practice of FGM, even as the politically correct attitudes of the establishment’s media has minimized the public’s recognition of the problem among many Muslim immigrant families.
In a joint statement about the media’s failure to identify the exploitation of young girls exposed to FGM, Media Research Center president Brent Bozell and founder of anti-terror group ACT for America Brigitte Gabriel, said:
Where is the outrage? The hypocrisy is staggering. The networks, which have for years championed the causes of left-wing feminists and women’s rights, are conspicuously silent on this case and their silence is deafening. This is real exploitation of young girls and the usual suspects who ought to care have little to say about this form of torture making its way to America. This practice is illegal and immoral. The networks have an ethical responsibility to report that it’s happening here at home. If they don’t, they are guilty of aiding and abetting violence against women out of a politically correct fueled fear of offending Muslims.
Breitbart News recently reported three Detroit doctors have been arrested in what represents the first prosecution in the United States for FGM.
Dr. Jumana Nagarwala, owner of the Burhani Medical Center, and Drs. Fakhruddin Attar and Farida Attar have been charged in the FGM of two seven-year-old girls. Nagarwala was charged with allegedly performing the procedure on the victims, and the Attars – husband and wife – with allegedly being present during the cutting. According to the news report, Farida Attar was allegedly heard on a federal wiretap encouraging the parents of FGM victims “to deny they had brought their daughters to [the] Burhani clinic for the procedure.”
The report continues:
According to the complaint against Nagarwala, the victims’ parents brought them to the Detroit area for the gruesome procedure. The girls were told it was to be a “special girls trip.” The parents also allegedly said the cutting would “get the germs out” and that they were not to talk of what happened inside the Burhani clinic.
One of the girls later told the FBI she screamed in pain as she endured what Dr. Nagarwala called “getting a shot.” She then said she was barely able to walk as she left the clinic. Upon examination by doctors working with the FBI, both seven-year-olds were found to have genitalia that was “abnormal looking” with “scar tissue” and “small healing lacerations.”
Nagarwala was trained at Johns Hopkins University, but is reportedly the daughter of two Indian immigrants from the Bohra sect of Shia Muslims.
 



ARTICLE
“The Every Student Succeeds Act [ESSA], which is in the process of being implemented now, essentially does away with the whole argument about Common Core,” DeVos said, adding:
Each state can set the standards for their state. They may elect to adopt very high standards for their students to aspire to and work toward. That will be up to each state to be able to ascertain what is right for that state. We hope that all of them will have very high expectations.”
The secretary’s comments come in sharp contrast with President Donald Trump’s statement at a CEO Business Town Hall several weeks ago. During that meeting, Trump returned to his campaign promise to end the Common Core standards and once again make education policy the domain of state and local governments.
“Common Core, I mean, we have to bring education more local,” Trump said at the White House. “We can’t be managing education from Washington.”
The president continued:
When I go out to Iowa, when I go out to the different states and I talk, they want to run their school programs locally and they’ll do a much better job… And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core. You know, Common Core, to me, we have to end it. We have to bring education local, to me. I’ve always said it, I’ve been saying it during the campaign, and we’re doing it.
DeVos’s statement is similar to that of other establishment Republicans in Congress.
In December of 2015, Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN), chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, touted that he and Democrat Sen. Patty Murray (WA) had facilitated the “bipartisan” passage of the ESSA measure that would replace the George W. Bush-era No Child Left Behind (NCLB). President Barack Obama signed the bill into law almost immediately, referring to it as a “Christmas miracle.”
“We have reversed the trend toward a national school board, repealed the federal Common Core mandate, and enacted what the Wall Street Journal called ‘the largest devolution of federal control to states in a quarter century,” Alexander said.
A statement on Sen. Richard Burr’s (R-NC) website following the signing of ESSA into law also said the measure had succeeded in “repealing the common core mandate.”
“This is a big deal,” Burr said about the new law. “It will bring an additional $24 million per year in funding to poorest children in North Carolina and put a stop to the Common Core mandate.”
Establishment Republicans based their pronouncements on the portion of ESSA that states, “The federal government is prohibited from … Mandating, directing, controlling, coercing, or exercising any direction or supervision over academic standards that states develop or adopt, including Common Core State Standards.”
Parent activists and education scholars who have studied the law, however, assert ESSA neither repeals the Common Core mandate, nor prohibits the education secretary from coercing states into adopting the standards. In fact, those who have been battling against Common Core in the states say ESSA actually does the opposite: it keeps states anchored to the controversial education reform.
“Within the other 1,060 pages of ESSA lurk the provisions that will keep states in Common Core, or something that looks very much like Common Core,” American Principles Project (APP) education fellow Jane Robbins and Indiana parent activist Erin Tuttle wrote at The Pulse 2016. “The Secretary won’t have to mandate anything, because the other parts of the bill contain the requirements for … ‘high standards,’” a phrase that has come to refer to Common Core.
ESSA also requires every state to submit its education plan for approval to the U.S. Department of Education.
Robbins and Tuttle assert:
That plan must be “coordinated” with 11 federal statutes, including the Soviet-style Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act passed a year ago; the Education Sciences Reform Act, which is all about collecting student data for research; the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act, which adds to the Head Start requirements on preschool standards; and the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) Authorization Act, which governs the NAEP test that will almost certainly be aligned to Common Core to hide the fact that Common Core-trained students perform poorly on NAEP. Requiring state plans and therefore state standards to coordinate with all these federal statutes means, as a practical matter, states will keep Common Core.
The ESSA law also says, “Each State shall demonstrate that the challenging academic standards are aligned with entrance requirements for credit-bearing coursework in the system of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards.”
“This is simply another way of saying states must have ‘college- and career-ready’ standards,” say Robbins and Tuttle. “And as made clear by the U.S. Department of Education’s own materials, ‘college- and career-ready’ means Common Core.”
Upon Trump’s comments earlier this month that “we have to end Common Core,” American Principles Project senior fellow Emmett McGroarty said, “Today’s comments show that President Trump has not forgotten his promise to end Common Core and return to local control of education.”
McGroarty added that Trump’s leadership on the elimination of Common Core in the states is vital from this point forward.
“Every Swamp creature will unite to fight against the president on this, so his leadership will be critical,” he explained. “We look forward to seeing what steps the Trump Administration will take in the coming months to take power away from Washington D.C. and return it to parents.”



ARTICLE
The incident occurred in the Stockyards district around 10:45 pm Saturday.
According to Cleveland.com, the suspect, 26-year-old Frederick Thornton, walked into the business wearing a surgical mask, pointed a gun at the 51-year-old clerk, and demanded money. He allegedly became aggravated with the clerk’s pace and “smacked his gun against the register,” demanding the money be handed over quicker.
Banging against the register and screaming at the clerk caused enough noise that a 24-year-old working in the back of the store noticed the commotion, retrieved a handgun, and went out to intervene. The video shows the employee sneak up behind Thornton and put the gun against his back.

Thornton then spun around. The two began to wrestle for control of the guns. An employee came out from behind the counter, took away Thornton’s gun and fired warning shots into the air. Thornton then put his hands in the air at the sound of gunfire and asked the employees “not to shoot.”
While one employee held Thornton at gunpoint, the second armed employee ran outside to see if any accomplices were waiting on Thornton to exit the store.
Police soon arrived, arrested Thornton, and charged him with “aggravated robbery.”
Store owner Haytham Mustafa expressed pride in the way his employees handled the situation. He said, “Thank God no one was hurt. They really handled it well. They didn’t go overboard and didn’t hurt anyone. That’s what we wanted to do — hold him and let the law deal with him.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The Ethics and Compliance Initiative (ECI), an association of lawyers, academics, and other professionals in the world of corporate compliance, invited the new attorney general to address their annual conference in Washington, DC. Sessions was introduced by Larry Thompson, the organization’s board chairman. Thompson served as deputy attorney general under president George W. Bush, and would even share rooms with Sessions when the two came to Washington as fellow U.S. Attorneys in the 1980s.
“We don’t want to see you in court, and sure you don’t want to see the Department of Justice in court,” Sessions joked to begin his address, explaining the importance of ethics and compliance professionals in developing best practices to avoid corporate misconduct before it occurs.
The attorney general went on to stress the centrality of the strong rule of law to the American way of life, and that each generation could not “take it for granted.”
“We’re going to enforce the law. We’re not going to back down to powerful forces, big companies, or any other interests,” Sessions assured the group. “That includes corporate misconduct, fraud, foreign corruption, and other types of white collar crime.”
Sessions explained that the implementation of best practices by compliance professionals and evenhanded enforcement by the DOJ served to “protect honest businesses.”
“Companies that obey the law and do the right thing should not be at a disadvantage simply because their competitors choose to break the law,” he said.
ECI CEO Patricia Harned was “delighted” that the Attorney General chose to address the compliance community. She told Breitbart News, “I think our community is really pleased by his visit here … Having him acknowledge that ethics and compliance programs are valuable and that the Department [of Justice] cares about promoting that in corporations is very positive.”
A major issue in DOJ enforcement in the white collar realm is what consideration to give to the existence of strong compliance programs at corporations whose employees commit misconduct. Sessions confirmed that his Justice Department would continue to consider these programs in making a decision whether to go after corporations, in addition to the individuals themselves. “Something is not quite fair if honest corporate shareholders end up having to pay the price for dishonest corporate leadership,” Sessions said. “When we make a charging decision we will continue to take into account whether or not these [companies] have good compliance programs.”
Harned explained to Breitbart News that, among her members, the most pressing question for the new attorney general was how many of the criteria for evaluating compliance programs would remain the same in the new administration. She was optimistic about Sessions’s direction so far: “His willingness to hear from this community and the business community about what the issues are when it comes to enforcement and, most importantly, how the Department can incentivize good programs was really critical,” she said.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) enforcement against American companies that engage in bribery and other misconduct abroad continues to be a major element of white collar criminal prosecution. “Congress enacted this law 40 years ago when some companies considered it a routine expense to bribe foreign officials,” Sessions told the crowd. The United States was a pioneer in aggressive enforcement of this kind and, in recent years, more countries have begun prosecuting these types of offenses.
Despite his commitment to vigorous enforcement, Sessions expressed his willingness to reexamine our white collar laws in this new world where American multinationals may be subject to many countries’ white collar regimes at once:
We need to look at rules and procedures and laws that may be disadvantaging our companies, disadvantaging our ability to expand and increase our productivity … It was a big issue in this last election and its something I’ve believed in for a long time.
Sessions also hit on the big overarching initiatives at his Justice Department, including immigration enforcement and efforts to combat the spike in violent crime. “We need to restore a lawful system of immigration,” he explained, adding:
We’re not going to end immigration. We admit lawful 1.1 Million people into the United States each year. We have millions of visitors each year … None of that is going to be ended, but I believe the American people are good, decent, right, and just to insist their government end this illegality.
Harned asked Sessions after his address about what he does in his off time. “Well, I don’t have any time,” Sessions joked, using the opportunity to harp on the need to get his team in place at DOJ as soon as possible. He told the ECI he hoped to have Rod Rosenstein, his pick for Deputy Attorney General, in place by this Wednesday, and his Associate Attorney General nominee, Rachel Brand, confirmed shortly thereafter.
“Those picks are individuals who have rich experience in the department … the response has been positive,” Harned told Breitbart News about the compliance community’s impression of Sessions’s selections.



ARTICLE
Representatives from Breitbart News were present for the event.
The event was billed as a reception, as White House aides and members of the press office mingled with about 20-30 individuals from conservative media outlets to discuss Trump’s first 100 days and issues of importance.
But the event turned into an impromptu press conference after the president entered the room flanked by senior advisers Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, and Jared Kushner. At one point economic advisor Gary Cohn peered in the door to view the event.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer was also present, as Trump held a discussion, which the White House press staff put on the record afterwards.
Conservative journalists asked Trump policy questions — particularly about trade; foreign affairs in North Korea, Iran, and Syria; and social policy.
Trump announced that he wanted to levy a 20 percent tax on Canadian soft lumber and suggested he wanted to address milk imports as well.
“It means we’re going to start doing lumber in our country, it’s going to mean that farmers are going to start selling milk in our country,” Trump said.
A senior administration trade official said that the issue was a “long simmering problem” with Canada, accusing them of charging lumber companies low subsidized rates.
“We love Canada, wonderful people, wonderful country, but they have been very good about taking advantage of us through NAFTA,” Trump said.
Trump said that he would explore allowing more logging on federal lands with the Department of Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency.
“We’re actually having some of those horrific fires because this stuff is sitting there, virgin stuff for so long, and it’s in very bad shape,” he said.
Trump seemed to think that Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad would not use chemical weapons again.
“Wait and see if he uses them again, OK?” he said, adding that the Obama administration was wrong about Syria getting rid of their chemical weapons.
“That turned out to be false,” he said. “They duped the Obama administration.”
Trump continued to highlight the problems with North Korea but remained elusive about what he was planning to do in the country.
He mused that North Korea’s dictator Kim Jong-Un was probably not as strong militarily as he appeared.
“I’m not so sure he’s so strong like he says he is; I’m not so sure at all,” he said.
Trump criticized modern presidents for not acting decisively on the North Korea threat.
“This should have been done by Obama and it should have been done by every president since, really, Clinton,” he said, referring to the former president’s memoirs.
He also discussed the ongoing crisis of persecuted Christians in the Middle East.
“Nobody’s been treated worse, it seems to me, than Christians in the Middle East,” he said, arguing that it was easier for Muslims to come into the United States as refugees than Christians, although it was far more dangerous there for Christians.
“We’re going to be helping the Christians big league,” he said.
Trump defended his plan to spend big on infrastructure, pointing out that the United States spent $6 trillion in the Middle East with little to show for it.
“I tell you what we got, it’s 20 times worse than it first was when we first started bombing the hell out of Iraq,” he said. “Iraq was thrown in the hornets nest and it’s a disaster, far worse than anybody understands.”
Trump said he wanted to spend $1 trillion on building new infrastructure and repairing existing infrastructure projects like bridges, roads, and airports.
When asked if he still believed DACA was illegal, Trump demurred, instead focusing on his efforts to crack down on MS-13 gang members.
“We’re getting rid of people, and people in towns, they’re cheering. These are rough people,” Trump said, saying that DHS Secretary Gen. John Kelly called MS-13 members as bad as Al-Qaeda. “We have people that came into this country that should have never ever in a million years been allowed into this country.”



ARTICLE
The order, likely to be signed on Wednesday, will call for Zinke and the Department of the Interior to examine all recent designations and determine whether they are examples of presidential overreach, based on a century-old law that presidents can designate land without congressional approval.
It is understood that the order is mainly targeting Barack Obama’s decision in 2016 to decree two more national monuments into federal ownership — the new Bear Ears Buttes monument in Utah and the Gold Butte monument in Nevada — on the grounds of conservation and protection, using the 1906 Antiquities act.
The move was overwhelmingly opposed by Republican lawmakers, with Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee describing it as an “arrogant act” designed to overrule the state legislature and public opposition to its seizure.
As part of his administration’s first White House budget released in March, Trump promised to end the federal acquisition of land, which rose by record levels under Barack Obama, and instead invest in preserving its current holdings as part of a series of interior reforms.
The budget proposes that it will “reduce funding for lower-priority activities,” such as new major acquisitions of federal land. The Budget reduces land acquisition funding by more than $120 million from the 2017 annualized CR level and would instead focus available discretionary funds on investing in, and maintaining, existing national parks, refuges, and public lands.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Asked if they favor or oppose “a proposal has been made to designate the nationwide MS-13 criminal gang a terrorist organization,” 47 percent agreed, 17 percent disagreed, and another 35 percent were unsure.
Men were more in favor of such a move: 57 percent of likely male voters agreed with such a proposal, while only 15 percent were opposed. Twenty-eight percent were unsure. When it came to female voters, 38 percent agreed with the proposal, while 20 percent opposed it and 42 percent were unsure.
A majority of Republicans, 66 percent, supported the idea, while only 11 percent opposed it, and 23 percent were unsure. Many Democrats also backed the move: 34 percent supported it, 26 percent opposed it, and 40 percent were unsure.
Those voters who support labeling MS-13 a terrorist organization think it will help reduce crime, pollsters say:
More than half of voters who favor designating MS-13 as a terrorist organization believe doing so will decrease violent crime. Among those who oppose naming MS-13 as terrorists, 48 percent think designating certain gangs as terrorist organizations will have no impact on violent crime, while 32 percent think it will increase.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said last week the foreign gang “could qualify” as a terror group. As Breitbart News has reported, such a designation “would make providing any material support for the group, here or abroad, a felony, and compel U.S. financial institutions to freeze any assets they reasonably believe belong to the group.” Simply enforcing immigration law would “devastate” the gang, he added.
MS-13 has roughly 6,000 members in the U.S. and as many as 30,000 supporters abroad, Fox News host Tucker Carlson has noted. While a recent spate of brutal murders has caught the nation’s attention, the gang is also involved in drug trafficking, human smuggling, and other serious crimes affecting American communities.
Pollsters surveyed 1,000 likely voters from Apr. 19 to Apr. 20. The poll’s margin of error is plus or minus three percentage points.



ARTICLE
The large group of between 40 and 60 teens hopped onto a Dublin/Pleasanton-bound train at the Coliseum Station in Oakland at around 9:30 p.m. on Saturday and began forcing passengers to hand over wallets, purses, cell phones, and other valuables, witnesses said according to the San Francisco Chronicle. Those who did not comply were beaten.
According to a police report, the teens “committed multiple strong-arm robberies of bags and cell phones. At least two victims suffered head/facial injuries requiring medical attention.”
A Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) official said one person was robbed on the platform, while up to six more were attacked and robbed on the train.
Paramedics treated two victims at the scene.
Officials say the robbery was planned like a Blitzkrieg with the teens swarming the station, forcing the traindoors open, rushing into the train and robbing passengers, and then disappearing into an East Oakland neighborhood — all in a matter of minutes.
“We are in the process of pulling all surveillance video, and we will share with Oakland police, Oakland Unified School District, and Oakland Housing Authority to see if they can help identify the minors,” BART spokesperson Alicia Trost said. “We have had success with sharing images of juveniles with this group and identifying and making arrests in the past.”
Police will not release the video or still shots of the surveillance for fear that some of the suspects are minors.
The transit system only last week hired a new police chief after a rise in the number of robberies and violence in stations and on trains. The pressure rose after a recent exposé of the system by the Chronicle revealed that many of BART’s train cameras were dummies meant as decoys and don’t actually record anything.
A passenger was murdered in a West Oakland-bound train in January of last year. Killed was 19-year-old Carlos Misael Funez-Romero, who died just before 8:00 p.m. on January 9. Even though caught on camera, the murderer has never been identified.
Strong-arm robberies have also risen on BART. Early in March, the family of a 12-year-old boy sued BART after the child was robbed at gunpoint in the stairwell at the El Cerrito del Norte station. The family said the transit system did not respond properly to the robbery and there were no working surveillance cameras to act as a deterrent.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
From the Times:
For years, a network of immigration hard-liners in Washington was known chiefly for fending off proposals to legalize the status of more people. But with the election of a like-minded president, these groups have moved unexpectedly to offense from defense, with some of their leaders now in positions to carry out their agenda on a national scale.
…
Mr. Trump’s senior White House adviser, Stephen Miller, worked tirelessly to defeat immigration reform as a staff member for Senator Jeff Sessions, now the attorney general. Gene P. Hamilton, who worked on illegal immigration as Mr. Sessions’s counsel on the Judiciary Committee, is now a senior counselor at the Department of Homeland Security, the parent agency of the Border Patrol and ICE, where Mr. Feere is working. Julia Hahn, who wrote about immigration for Breitbart — with headlines like “Republican-Led Congress Oversees Large-Scale Importation of Somali Migrants” — has followed her former boss, Stephen K. Bannon, to the White House as a deputy policy strategist.
…
Their influence is already being felt. Mr. Trump is known for his sound-bite-ready pledges to deport millions of people here illegally and to build a border wall, but some of the administration’s more technical yet critical changes to immigration procedures came directly from officials with long ties to the hard-line groups.
…
Even those who have labored for decades to scale back immigration did not expect such a dramatic change. “This is inconceivable a year ago,” said Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “Frankly, it’s almost inconceivable six months ago.”
Click here for the rest of the article.



ARTICLE

The video shows the bus moving down the road when the door swings open and the girl somehow falls out. The bus driver, seemingly unaware of what just happened, continues down the road.
It is unclear whether the girl opened the door or if it was already unlocked.
Ryan Ciampoli, the volunteer firefighter who captured the footage on his dashcam, immediately stopped his truck, got out, and walked over to the girl. The girl was initially unconscious, but then began to wake up.
“Once I picked her up and put her in my arms, it was heartbreaking,” he told the Today show. “She just had this horrified look on her face. I just had to not think about my family, my children, and just focus on her.”
Ciampoli, who is a trained emergency medical technician, said he normally would not move someone with trauma injuries, but he did not want to risk her getting hit by a car in the middle of a busy road.
He made the decision to move her to a truck bed in a nearby parking lot, where he tried to keep her conscious and checked her vitals, KHBS reported.
“Once the adrenaline and the shock kicked in in her little body, she started kicking and screaming, ‘Where’s my mommy?’ and things like that,” Ciampoli told the station.
The bus driver returned to the scene 15 minutes later, after the girl was taken to the hospital to be treated for a broken jaw. She will undergo surgery and is expected to make a full recovery.
“Nothing hurts worse or makes you stay up at night longer than dealing with a child, especially holding her in your arms and, you know, you’re never going to forget that image out of your head,” Ciampoli added.
The male driver, who was the only adult on the bus, was taking the passengers either to or from church when the other children told him what happened. He then turned around, Paul Woodruff, chief of the Harrison Police Department, told CNN.
Woodruff said he will not face charges, calling it a “tragic accident.”



ARTICLE
Stilz’s ouster reportedly came “earlier this year,” according to a Clinton Foundation spokesman. Stilz joined the New York City-based organization in 2012 and was most recently responsible for leading the “development department’s vision and goals and fostering relationships with individuals, foundations, and corporations to advance the mission of the Foundation,” according to the Clinton Foundation website.
Stilz served from 2005 to 2007 as chief fundraiser for former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is currently serving out a 14-year sentence in a Colorado prison on multiple corruption charges.
A close and trusted Blagojevich aide, Stilz was at the center of the former governor’s “pay-to-play” scheme, according to the Chicago Tribune.
Indeed, Stilz’s departure from the Clinton family’s troubled charity comes amid plummeting donations and staff layoffs that have left leadership grappling with the question of whether the Clinton Foundation can survive in the era of Trump.
However, Stilz’s hiring stunned some foundation staffers.
“Given the degree under which the Clinton Foundation had been under scrutiny, how prudent was it of the trustees of the Clinton Foundation to hire this person in the first place,” said Charles Ortel, an investor and charitable expert who has been critical of the Clinton Foundation. “I think it’s indefensible decision to even consider this person for the foundation based on known facts.”
The Clinton Foundation, according to Congressman Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, is still operating under the dark cloud of a federal investigation of Clinton’s unsecured private email server she used to store classified documents she collected during her tenure as Secretary of State.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson



ARTICLE
They are proposing that the state’s minimum wage be increased from $8.25 to $15 over the next five years, the Associated Press reported.
The proposed jump to $15 is larger than the wage hikes in New York and California, where the wages had been $9 and $10 an hour respectively.
Sponsors of the proposed legislation want to force Gov. Bruce Rauner to act on the measure before next year’s gubernatorial election, in which he faces six Democratic challengers.
“We will get a really good opportunity to see where the governor stands,” said Rep. Will Guzzardi (D-Chicago), who sponsored the wage bill in the House. “Does he side with the 2.3 million people in this state who need a raise now or does he side with the big corporations?”
Rauner has supported small increases in the state’s minimum wage in the past, but he recently told an audience at a business forum April 13 that requiring employers to raise the minimum wage will put an undue burden on the companies that employ these workers.
“That’s not gonna happen,” Rauner said. “Companies will just leave.”
The Illinois House has already advanced a $15 minimum wage bill and expect to vote on it on the House floor in May.
The Illinois Senate is considering two minimum wage bills — one similar to Guzzardi’s proposing a $15 minimum wage, while the other bill proposes that the minimum wage be increased by 50 cents each year until it reaches $11 in 2021.
Business leaders and opponents of the increase claim the minimum wage hike hurts businesses, forcing companies to move across state lines or cut staff. Labor unions and supporters of the increase say raising the minimum wage boosts the economy by giving low-wage workers more money so they can get off government assistance.



ARTICLE
Dr Roy Spencer, meteorologist and noted climate skeptic at the University of Huntsville, Alabama, reports at his website that the shots were aimed at the office of his colleague and fellow sceptic, Dr John Christy:
A total of seven shots were fired into our National Space Science and Technology Center (NSSTC) building here at UAH over the weekend.
All bullets hit the 4th floor, which is where John Christy’s office is (my office is in another part of the building).
Given that this was Earth Day weekend, with a March for Science passing right past our building on Saturday afternoon, I think this is more than coincidence. When some people cannot argue facts, they resort to violence to get their way. It doesn’t matter that we don’t “deny global warming”; the fact we disagree with its seriousness and the level of human involvement in warming is enough to send some radicals into a tizzy.
Our street is fairly quiet, so I doubt the shots were fired during Saturday’s march here. It was probably late night Saturday or Sunday for the shooter to have a chance of being unnoticed.
Maybe the “March For Science” should have been called the “March To Silence”.
Campus and city police say they believe the shots were fired from a passing car, based upon the angle of entry into one of the offices. Shell casings were recovered outside. The closest distance a passing car would have been is 70 yards away.
Both Spencer and Christy have long incurred the wrath of climate alarmists for the work they do debunking the junk science behind the global warming scare. What they have shown is that the “global warming” recorded by accurate satellite measurements is considerably less dramatic than that shown on the heavily adjusted earth surface temperature datasets preferred by climate alarmists.
Christy has made himself especially unpopular by testifying in Congress last month that the climate establishment is corrupt and untrustworthy and that a Red Team needs to be created to correct false “Consensus Science.”
He told Congress:
I’ve often stated that climate science is a “murky” science. We do not have laboratory methods of testing our hypotheses as many other sciences do. As a result what passes for science includes, opinion, arguments-from-authority, dramatic press releases, and fuzzy
notions of consensus generated by preselected groups. This is not science. I noticed the House passed an amendment last year to de-fund the U.N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC.) We know from Climategate emails and many other sources that the IPCC has had problems with those who take different positions on climate change than what the IPCC promotes. There is another way to deal with this however. Since the IPCC activity is funded by US taxpayers, then I propose that five to ten percent of the funds be allocated to a group of well-credentialed scientists to produce an assessment that expresses legitimate, alternative hypotheses that have been (in their view) marginalized, misrepresented or ignored in previous IPCC reports (and thus EPA and National Climate Assessments). Such activities are often called “Red Team” reports and are widely used in government and industry.
This is not, it would appear, a message that those in the Climate Change industry — sometimes known as the Climate Industrial Complex or the Green Blob —want to hear. Especially not the more extreme elements, it seems.



ARTICLE
Former president Obama will speak to a health care conference sponsored by Cantor Fitzgerald in September, Gasparino reports.

#BreakingNews @POTUS44 agrees to speak at Wall Street conference. @CGasparino has the latest pic.twitter.com/sg0e41ft0j
— FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) April 24, 2017

The huge fee puts Obama at the top of the list of speaking fees for former government officials. Former Fed chair Ben Bernanke charges between $200,000 and $400,000, former Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner charges $200,000, and former President George Bush charges around $150,000, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Hillary Clinton received over $200,000 apiece for each of her speaking engagements at Goldman Sachs. Those payments later were used against her by political rivals, who argued they were evidence that the former Secretary of State was too close to Wall Street.
Gasparino points out that Obama has been out of office for less than 100 days.



ARTICLE

Police are still searching for the three male suspects, who are shown in the video attacking and robbing the 25-year-old victim as he left a restaurant where he was looking for a job, the Daily Mail reported.
The attack took place around 12:30 p.m. in Philadelphia’s Kensington neighborhood on the 3500 block of B Street.
“It hits really hard when you see something with that level of brutality, and what appears to be that random looking, and again in broad daylight conditions. It does get a little startling,” police Captain Sekou Kinebrew told WPVI.
The three suspected attackers can be seen peering into storefront windows before the assault, when one of the men wearing a cast on his right arm appears to signal to the other two men as he’s looking into one of the windows.
The other two males turn around, as the victim exits the restaurant. The victim told WTXF that he was stopping by the restaurant to pick up a job application.
Suddenly, the three attackers knock him to the ground, beating him and stomping on him until he became unconscious.
Meanwhile, one of the attackers went through his pocket and stole his money, wallet, and cell phone.
Police say they are unsure of whether the victim knew his attackers.
The victim was taken to a hospital where he was treated for a broken nose and orbital bone and then released.
Police say the suspects include a black or Hispanic male with a scruffy beard and mustache, wearing a black hat, black coat, and black sweatpants; a Hispanic male with a light complexion, bushy hair, wearing a red hooded sweatshirt, red pants, and red sneakers; and a heavily-built Hispanic male with a beard and mustache, a cast on his right arm, tattoos on both arms, wearing a white t-shirt, black pants, and red sneakers.
Detectives are urging anyone with information on the suspects to call them anonymously at 215-686-3243.



ARTICLE
He couched the push as an attempt to fight straw purchases but did not mention that Illinois law already makes it illegal to sell a gun to someone who lacks the legal documentation to buy one and also prohibits someone from purchasing a gun for any individual who cannot legally purchase one themselves.
In fact, the NRA-ILA reports Illinois laws governing gun sales and transfers are some of the most stringent in the nation.
Regarding the sale of guns:
A person commits the offense of unlawful sale or delivery of firearms when he or she knowingly… Sells or transfers ownership of a firearm to a… person who does not display to the seller or transferor of the firearm either: (1) a currently valid Firearm Owner’s Identification Card that has previously been issued in the transferee’s name by the Department of State Police under the provisions of the Firearm Owners Identification Card Act; or (2) a currently valid license to carry a concealed firearm that has previously been issued in the transferee’s name by the Department of State Police under the Firearm Concealed Carry Act.
A violation of the Illinois law is a Class 4 felony that can result in up to three years in prison. 
And in addition to the rules barring sales to those not possessing a FOID card or concealed carry permit, another law–720 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/24-3.5–bars individuals from buying guns for persons prohibited from buying them for themselves:
A person commits the offense of unlawful purchase of a firearm who knowingly purchases or attempts to purchase a firearm with the intent to deliver that firearm to another person who is prohibited by federal or State law from possessing a firearm.
In addition to the Illinois laws against straw purchases, ATF form 4473 makes clear that the purchaser of the gun must be the actual buyer of the gun as well. This is a federal regulation against straw purchases that is in addition to the state laws.
Yet Emmanuel thinks more laws and regulations are in order.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE

Dear "Attorney General" Sessions: You are a racist and a liar. Actually, just joking. Oh wait, your record shows you are a racist & a liar. https://t.co/efSMggbe9Y
— Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) April 23, 2017

“Dear ‘Attorney General’ Sessions,” Lieu wrote on his Twitter account. “You are a racist and a liar. Actually, just joking. Oh wait, your record shows you are a racist & a liar.”
However, investigations have revealed that allegations of racism and dishonesty pushed by the left to discredit Sessions are part of what has become known as “fake news.”
Prior to that tweet, Lieu attempted to mock Sessions again by reminding the accomplished attorney that “Hawaii is a state & HQ of UNITED STATES Pacific Command:”

Dear AG Jeff Sessions: There is a document called the Constitution. Read it. Oh, and Hawaii is a state & HQ of UNITED STATES Pacific Command https://t.co/S4ssG2EFWt
— Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) April 20, 2017

Sessions made the comments about Hawaii in an interview with “The Mark Levin Show” last week.
“We’ve got cases moving in the very, very liberal Ninth Circuit, who, they’ve been hostile to the order,” Sessions said. “We are confident that the President will prevail on appeal and particularly in the Supreme Court, if not the Ninth Circuit.” He added, “I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and Constitutional power.”
Sessions’ statement was in response to federal Judge Derrick Watson’s order that blocked President Donald Trump’s temporary visa ban on travelers entering the United States from six (formerly seven) Muslim-majority countries. The temporary ban is meant to allow the U.S. government to properly vet individuals listed on it. The countries listed in the initial ban are Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen; Iraq has since been taken off the list.
The U.S. Department of Justice is appealing Judge Watson’s decision.
According to the Associated Press, U.S. Justice Department spokesman Ian Prior clarified Sessions’ statements in an email, saying the attorney general was questioning one judge’s ability to block the president’s executive order for the travel ban.
“Hawaii is, in fact, an island in the Pacific — a beautiful one where the Attorney General’s granddaughter was born,” Prior said. “The point, however, is that there is a problem when a flawed opinion by a single judge can block the President’s lawful exercise of authority to keep the entire country safe.”
In a Sunday interview with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos on “This Week” about why he referred to Hawaii as an “island in the Pacific,” Sessions said, “Nobody has a sense of humor anymore.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
Treasury said in a press release that the sanctions are “in response to the attack on innocent civilians in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria, by the regime of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad,” calling the move one of the largest blocks of sanctions in the history of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).
The sanctions are against 271 employees of Syria’s Scientific Studies and Research Center (SSRC), all of whom have expertise in chemistry and related “disciplines” and have been supporting Assad’s chemical weapons program since at least 2012, according to Treasury.
“These sweeping sanctions target the scientific support center for Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad’s horrific chemical weapons attack on innocent civilian men, women, and children,” Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said in announcing the sanctions. “The United States is sending a strong message with this action that we will hold the entire Assad regime accountable for these blatant human rights violations in order to deter the spread of these types of barbaric chemical weapons.”
“We take Syria’s disregard for innocent human life very seriously, and will relentlessly pursue and shut down the financial networks of all individuals involved with the production of chemical weapons used to commit these atrocities,” Mnuchin said.
“Today’s action follows OFAC and the Department of State’s sanctions announced on January 12, 2017 against 18 senior regime officials and five branches of the Syrian military, along with entities associated with its chemical weapons program, in response to findings by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons – United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism, that the Syrian regime was responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015,” the press release said.
The press release noted that these sanctions come less than three weeks after the chemical weapons attack and “more than doubles in a single action the number of individuals and entities sanctioned by the United States pursuant to Syria-related Executive Orders, and that Assad’s actions are “blatant violations of the Chemical Weapons Convention and UN Security Council Resolution 2118.”
On February 28, just weeks ahead of the attack, Russia and China vetoed a United Nations resolution backed by the West that would have imposed sanctions on Syria over its chemical weapons program, AFP reported.
“The measure drafted by Britain, France and the United States won nine votes in favor at the Security Council while three countries opposed it — China, Russia and Bolivia,” AFP reported. “Kazakhstan, Ethiopia and Egypt abstained.”
“It was the seventh time that Russia, Syria’s top military ally, has used its veto power to shield the Damascus regime,” AFP reported.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had earlier warned that imposing sanctions on Syria during negotiations in Geneva over the more than six-year-old civil war was “completely inappropriate” and would undermine the progress of the peace talks.
“This resolution is very appropriate,” US Ambassador Nikki Haley after the measure was defeated.
“It is a sad day on the Security Council when members start making excuses for other member states killing their own people,” Haley said.
The resolution would have put 11 Syrians, mostly military personnel, and 10 other entities linked to chemical attacks in 2014 and 2015, on a UN sanctions blacklist.



ARTICLE
“Climate treaties like the Paris Agreement have little to do with climate,” Thresher notes in his letter, which he made available to Breitbart News. “They are about economic competition. As the greatest economy in the history of the world, other countries will do anything to cripple the United States.”
Thresher, who has a PhD in Earth & Environmental Sciences from Columbia University and NASA GISS and worked for years in climate monitoring, says he understands the President’s temptation to listen to his daughter’s advice, but begs him not to give in to that temptation.
“Countries like China will agree to anything in these treaties and simply ignore their obligations while demanding the United States fulfill theirs,” Thresher said, calling belief in global warming a “popular delusion.”
In his letter, Dr. Thresher also reminded President Trump of his campaign promises that led many Americans to vote for him.
“We who voted for you consider stopping this climate change madness one of your key promises,” Thresher said. “If you renege on it you will lose me and many others as supporters.”
After Trump’s election, in fact, a number of climate change skeptics were emboldened to take more public stands against the politically imposed “scientific consensus” of global warming, welcoming a new era of free debate about a hotly contested issue.
Scientists unconvinced by the party line on climate change applauded Trump’s appointment of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to head up the Environmental Protection Agency as an important step away from climate alarmism.
Even if Trump caves and stays in the Paris climate agreement, Thresher says, it won’t win him any friends. “Your opponents are not going to support you; they’ll just taunt you as being a flip-flopper,” he said.
“Climate science is one of the most fascinating sciences there is. To turn it into a lie for political purposes is a crime,” he stated, before urging the President to stand strong in his convictions.
“Make climate science great again,” he wrote.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
“Right now, I give him an A honestly,” Retired Army Lt. Gen. Thomas Spoehr, director of the Center for National Defense at the Heritage Foundation, told Breitbart News.
Underscoring that progress was the U.S. military’s announcement Friday that it had killed a close associate of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) founder Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a ground raid in Syria.
The associate, Abdurakhmon Uzbeki, had planned the deadly New Year’s Eve attack at a nightclub in Istanbul, which killed 39 civilians.
In Trump’s first three months in office, there’s been a significant uptick in the number of airstrikes targeting terrorists in the Middle East, North Africa, and Afghanistan.
U.S. military officials say Trump has not given the military any “new” authorities – in terms of long-standing rules and standards governing the use of force.
But what Trump has done is expand commanders’ targeting authorities in some locations, roll back restrictions put into place by the Obama administration, and encourage military commanders to exercise the authority they already have.
“We’re actually using the authorities that weren’t used before for political reasons,” a senior White House official told Breitbart News. “Theater commanders have been unshackled. Everyone’s been unshackled to do their job.”
Specifically, Trump has rolled back in some areas a 2013 requirement put into place by former President Obama requiring all counterterrorism airstrikes outside of a conventional war zone like Afghanistan be vetted by the White House and other agencies.
Under Obama, such counterterrorism strikes would undergo “high-level, interagency vetting” to ensure that the targets posed a threat to Americans, and that there was a “near-certainty” that no civilians would be killed, according to the New York Times.
About a week after his inauguration, Trump approved a Pentagon proposal to roll back those requirements in Yemen, to allow the military to step up the counterterrorism fight in Yemen against Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) — considered the most dangerous al-Qaeda affiliate for its repeated attempts to attack the U.S. homeland.
The plan included the designation of three provinces in Yemen as “areas of active hostilities,” which allows commanders to strike when there is a “reasonable certainty” that no civilians will be killed, versus a “near certainty,” as reported by ABC News.
As a result, the number of strikes against AQAP has almost doubled under Trump, from 40 confirmed strikes in 2016, to at least 76 so far.
Similarly, President Trump in March designated parts of Somalia as areas of active hostilities, which granted U.S. Africom Commander Marine Gen. Thomas Waldhauser the authority to conduct offensive counterterrorism strikes and raids, versus striking only when Americans were under threat, and when there’s a “near-certainty” no civilians will be killed.
There have been no confirmed U.S. airstrikes in Somalia yet since the designation, but Africom is stepping up their advising mission. The command confirmed last Monday it were sending a “few dozen” U.S. soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division to Somalia to train Somali National Army and African Union peacekeepers – a doubling of American special operations forces there, according to CNN. Officials said the deployment was planned before Trump took office.
In the fight against ISIS, Trump during his first week on the job ordered Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to come up with a plan within 30 days on how to defeat the terrorist group.
Mattis submitted a plan, to be then fleshed out by the Central Command commander. The plan is in its final stages of planning, the senior White House official said.
In the meantime, the number of strikes in Iraq and Syria reached a record high in March since the U.S.-led air war began in 2014 — 3,878, according to statistics released periodically by U.S. Central Command.
Officials say the increase in airstrikes against ISIS has to do with the current phase of the campaign — simultaneous offensives in Mosul, Iraq and Raqqa, Syria — rather than any changes under Trump. They also say Centcom commander Army Gen. Joe Votel in December allowed for the delegating of strike authority from a three-star general to a one-star general to speed up the approval process for airstrikes.
But U.S. strikes against al-Qaeda in Syria — which is separate from the ISIS fight — have also seen a “relative increase” since Trump took office, a defense official said.
The U.S. military in late February also killed al-Qaeda’s second in command in Syria, and in March conducted a strike against al Qaeda in Jinah, which U.S. officials said killed a “few dozen” militants.
And more is expected to come in the ISIS fight, as the administration finalizes its new plan. A U.S. military official recently told Breitbart News that the strategy of U.S. troops supporting local forces on the ground – versus taking a direct combat role – will be “enduring.”
More U.S. forces are expected to deploy to Syria, however, where they would likely support local forces in what is expected to be a hard fight for ISIS’s de facto capital.
The Trump administration is also reviewing whether to get rid of limits set by the Obama administration on the numbers of U.S. troops who are authorized to deploy to Iraq and Syria.
The Obama administration had placed strict caps on the number of U.S. troops serving in Iraq and Syria, in an effort to keep troop numbers as low as possible. Currently, 5,262 are authorized for Iraq, and 503 troops for Syria. But in reality, there were hundreds more deployed on a “temporary” basis that weren’t counted, making those numbers misleading.
“In the previous administration, the secretary had to check very often with the White House, and the president, to deploy forces, especially if they were bumping up the cap,” Spoehr said.
Commanders also complained that the troop caps led to the deployment of only parts of a unit, forcing them to rely on contractors abroad for logistical support and waste taxpayer dollars.
In Afghanistan, there has been a 270-percent increase in airstrikes under Trump – from 54 in January to 200 in February – the largest increase in at least six years.
Recently, Army Gen. John “Mick” Nicholson, U.S. commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan, ordered the dropping of the largest non-nuclear bomb in the U.S.’s arsenal – nicknamed the “Mother of All Bombs,” or MOAB – to root out a complex of tunnels and caves in Afghanistan used by the ISIS’s affiliate in Afghanistan, ISIS-Khorasan.
U.S. military officials said no new authorities were granted for the bombing, which fell within Nicholson’s existing authorities to order strikes against ISIS since January 2016. Current and former defense officials recently told The New York Times that he would probably have checked with his superiors under Obama.
The senior White House official gone are the days of the last administration when tactical decisions — from positioning ships to whether an A-10 attack fighter jet could strike or not — were being made by National Security Council staffers.
Former Secretaries of Defense Leon Panetta and Robert Gates both lambasted the micromanagement military commanders faced from the NSC under Obama. In his memoir Duty, Gates famously wrote about discovering a direct phone line from a White House staffer to a special operations command center in Afghanistan, and immediately ordering it to be ripped out.
“It’s the micromanagement that disappeared… the informal political things that were laid on top,” the senior White House official said.
Jonathan Schanzer, vice president of Foundation for Defense of Democracies, praised the new approach.
“I think we long-expected this president to be a delegator, that essentially being a businessman, his approach was that he was going to find excellent people, and give them their portfolios, especially given that the president himself didn’t have vast knowledge in the area of defense and foreign policy,” he said.
“That was never, I think, his forte, so the idea that he would delegate to experts seems to be a very wise decision.”
He also praised Nicholson’s decision to drop the MOAB on ISIS, which he said sent a message to all of the U.S.’s other adversaries.
“I think it’s important that [Trump] trusts them in their ability to deliver these sorts of strategic messages,” he said.
And Spoehr, who served as deputy commanding general of U.S. forces in Iraq in 2011, said allowing commanders to do their jobs has been a huge morale boost for the military.
“I think, in nearly every dimension, you can see a noticeable difference, that things have ratcheted-up… a little bit more spring in people’s step, little bit of a fire in people’s eyes,” he said.
The senior White House official agreed: “Morale is so much higher.”



ARTICLE
This tale of three Bills, told in the spirit of anonymity offered by Bill W’s organization, highlights the selective indignation that greets public figures accused of gross misconduct—with an emphasis on gross—when race or politics intrude upon issues involving sex.
Bill C, a sitcom paterfamilias, pitchman for frozen treats, and familiar face on children’s programming whose identity I shield, faces a trial later this year for the sexual abuse of a woman. For four decades, he allegedly drugged women before engaging in intercourse with them. More than fifty women accuse him of sexual misconduct of various sorts, including rape.
After numerous women came forward offering similar stories of Bill C’s predatory behavior, numerous women came forward to defend him.
“A black man in office is SCARY to white folk, and they will try and do ANY AND EVERYTHING to remind us that they are in control,” singer Azealia Banks tweeted, adding that “from police murders, to macklemore and igloo australia…. They are even trying to tear down our father figure BILL [C].”
Whoopi Goldberg initially reacted the accusations against Bill C by stating that “you are still innocent until proven guilty” and that “he has not been proven a rapist.”
A second Bill C, whom we shall call Bill JC to both protect his identity and distinguish him from the first Bill C, once held a powerful political office in the United States. One employee said Bill JC groped her. One woman claimed he lured her to a hotel room only to expose his member and issue the command, “Kiss it.” Another woman maintained that Bill JC similarly lured her to his hotel room, only to rape her and draw blood by biting her lip in the process.
Whoopi Goldberg, who defended Bill C, applied the word “bitch” to Bill JC’s accusers and characterized them as “lucky” that the accused’s wife remained “polite” in their presence. Perhaps in her mind she intended those words for women who partook in consensual affairs with the married man. But, in numerous instances,  including several of the subjects of Goldberg’s discussion, the women targeted by the unnamed government official claim that they did not give consent.
Bill O, a veteran broadcaster, strangely earned the ire from Ms. Goldberg that Bill C and Bill JC escaped.
“Given who is in the White House,” she posited last week, “is it surprising that this behavior has gotten a pass?”
Nobody accuses Bill O of raping, drugging, or biting the lips of women. He allegedly grunted, leered, and called an African-American co-worker “hot chocolate.” One former guest on his former program claims he invited her out to dinner under the guise of advancing her career but revealed his true agenda by trying to lead her to his hotel room. He even closed a segment on his broadcast by telling two yellow-haired women, “Thank you very much for your blondeness.”
Perhaps Bill O, using his powerful public position to advance powerful private impulses, required the heavy dose of the humility that Bill W referenced. But as far as Bills go, his misdeeds look relatively trivial (if absolutely fire-able).
“If you’re pissed at one, you got to be pissed everybody,” Whoopi Goldberg explained in discussing the Donald Trump-Billy Bush controversy in connection to Bill O. “You’ve got to be pissed at all of it. You can’t be selective.”
Indeed. But even when comparing instances of workplace misconduct with the vilest crimes, the former elicit more ink and outrage than the latter when it flatters a wider agenda. This mindset, really an anti-mindset, reduces the victims to tools serving a cause. They’re people, a lesson lost on their predators, pursuers, and ostensible defenders.
Some Bills are more equal than others.



ARTICLE
According to a Bloomberg News report, California officials have made a show of faith by moving forward with the $1.25 billion offering, despite challenges including a lawsuit filed in Sacramento’s Superior Court. According to a Los Angeles Times story, “[t]he suit was brought by John Tos, a farmer; Kings County; the city of Atherton; and several opposition groups,” and focuses chiefly on AB 1889, a bill that alters the way bond money can be spent. Attorneys for the plaintiffs, who oppose the train, state that “the bond act never gave the legislature the authority to alter it.”
The project is roundly vilified by pundits and talk radio hosts up and down the state — every major California GOP politician has denounced it, with the exception of Fresno Mayor Ashley Swearengin—and now many residents who originally voted for it, no longer support what they see as Brown’s “boondoggle.”  But none of that has stopped Jerry Brown from making his legacy project the state’s top priority.
“California can well afford it, and it will make our state a much better place,” Gov. Jerry Brown said in February in a recorded news conference to which his press office referred in response to questions from news organizations. “I know we’re going up against a very red tide here of opposition. This thing is a long-term project, and one way or another we’re going to get it.”
Brown is coming off a rough couple of months,  as California’s crumbling infrastructure became front page news — highlighting the apparent folly of building a very expensive train with money the state doesn’t have—while raising gas taxes that will hit the working poor the hardest.
Proceeding with the controversial project comes at considerable risk to California’s perennially shaky finances.  If the lawsuit is successful in freezing the original bond funds, that would be a major setback.
At issue in the suit is the diversion of $713 million of Proposition 1A Bond Funds — specifically designated for the High Speed Rail — to act as matching funds for a $2 Billion project to electrify and retrofit a government-owned Silicon Valley commuter rail known as Caltrain.
On top of that, if Trump freezes all federal funds, both rail projects will struggle even more. CalTrain officials were banking on a $647 million matching grant from the Federal Transit Administration — which Trump has “deferred” indefinitely.
If the federal spigot is turned off, California taxpayers might be forced to foot the entire bill, essentially killing the projects by delaying them —which can force the return of matching funds already spent.
The Washington Post reports that President Trump weighed in on the issue in a note to Congress last month, stating that “localities should fund these localized projects.”
Some political observers believe that Trump’s denial of funds is just playing politics.
Christopher Leinberger, chair of George Washington University’s Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis, told the Post that the cuts suggest Trump is “playing to the base,” because he received much less support in urban areas than in “drivable suburban locations.”
“This is about pure politics,” Leinberger said.
Rep. Jeff Denham (R-CA), who chairs a key House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee, disagrees.
Denham, who lobbied Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to deny the grant on the basis that the new Caltrain cars did not meet the definition of high-speed rail, urged Brown to find a different source of state funding for Caltrain, then reapply for the matching federal grants, cautioning that overcommitment puts other priorities at risk.
“If you’re going to continue to obligate state dollars that you do not have, then you’re in jeopardy of at some point the federal government calling for those notes to be due, which could then put public safety dollars at risk, other transportation dollars at risk or education dollars at risk,” said Denham according to Bloomberg, who sits on the transportation and infrastructure committee.
Brown, who met with Chao last month to discuss the grant, said of Denham in a phone interview with the Post:
“That’s called blackmail.”
Californians “voted for a bond issue” for high-speed rail “but envisioned other projects” using the cash, the governor said in the interview. “To go against it is the rawest, stupidest form of politics.”
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol



ARTICLE
“I urge the UN secretary-general to support efforts to secure, as soon as possible, a state of permanent ceasefire. This is long overdue and my government is committed to move this agenda forward,” Reuters quoted Hariri as saying.
Hariri made his remarks during a visit to south Lebanon, a day after Hezbollah organized a media tour for journalists along the Lebanon-Israel border.
The Lebanese leader slammed the tour organized by Hezbollah, saying “the Lebanese armed forces … are the only legitimate force in charge of defending our borders.”
During the tour, members of the terror group paraded their arms despite UN resolution 1701, passed at the end of the Second Lebanon War in 2006, which prohibits weapons so close to the demarcation line.
Hariri distanced himself from Hezbollah’s violations, saying, “What happened yesterday is something that we, as a government, are not (involved) with and do not accept.”
However, he added, “there are political differences (with Hezbollah) that we put aside, and this is one of them.”
“I came here to emphasize that our role as a government is to preserve Resolution 1701,” Hariri said.
Hezbollah’s tour depicted Israel as changing tactics from offensive to defensive. According to the Shiite group, Israel is not interested in engaging in another round of conflict with Hezbollah, which, on the other hand, is fully prepared for war despite its involvement in Syria.
Hariri is the son of former prime minister Rafik Hariri, whose 2005 assassination was blamed on Hezbollah.



ARTICLE
“In Ohio today, we’re more united,” Kasich said during an interview on CBS’s Face The Nation. “You know why? Because I’m not playing that stupid political game. And I think political parties are on their way out, essentially.”
Kasich referred to Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and his efforts to “reconstruct” the Democratic Party.
“I think people care less about party,” Kasich said. “They want action and things done. But it’s not just politicians … it’s where you work and where you live and what you do.”
Kasich said during the interview that he agreed with some of the decisions President Donald Trump has made while in office and disagreed with others.
“The story about yanking people out of their homes, who have not committed a crime, once they’ve come into this country, dividing families more, I don’t agree with,” the Ohio governor said about the Trump administration’s immigration and deportation policies.
“I think what he did in Syria was correct,” Kasich added.
Kasich told Face the Nation’s John Dickerson that Trump has to face a steep “learning curve” with his job as president because he has never held public office.
“He seems to have toned down some of these things. But look, it’s 100 days, John. He’s never held public office. He’s learning. And there is a big learning curve.”
Kasich has been an adamant critic of Trump ever since the primaries of the 2016 election when the two candidates ran against each other.
But the Ohio governor and former presidential candidate is keeping busy; he’s hosting a town hall with CNN’s Anderson Cooper Monday, and his new book will be released Tuesday.



ARTICLE
“Here, everything, pretty much everything you do in government involves heart, whereas in business most things don’t involve heart,” Trump told the Associated Press. “In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it.”
The interview comes as Trump approaches 100 days serving as president and Congress debates legislation that would keep the government funded.
Trump stressed that there is a “human responsibility” that comes with the job.
He provided an example of that human responsibility to the AP when he explained how much risk went into the decision to strike Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s military.
“When it came time to, as an example, send out the 59 missiles, the Tomahawks in Syria,” he said. “I’m saying to myself, ‘You know, this is more than just like 79 (sic) missiles. This is death that’s involved because people could have been killed. This is risk that’s involved.'”
Trump is expected to hold a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, April 29 on the 100th day of his presidency, the same night as the White House Correspondents’ Dinner.
Trump is also looking to cement his legacy in the first 100 days even further, saying in a joint press conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni that he expects both health care and government funding to pass this week.



ARTICLE
The video shows the suspect holding a knife to the throat of the 55-year-old cab driver while allegedly demanding money.

“The man got into the cab on Prospect Ave. near 163rd St. on Monday around 4:30 a.m.” and asked the driver to take him to 160th St. and Jackson Ave., the New York Daily News reported. As they approached their destination, “the attacker put the sharp weapon to the driver’s neck and demanded cash, which the terrified driver handed over,” police said.
The alleged robber also took the victim’s cell phone.
Officials said the driver was not injured during the incident.
Police have not apprehended the suspect yet and are asking people with information to call Crime Stoppers at (800) 577-TIPS.



ARTICLE
“Tyranne Beckless was pronounced dead at a home on Milwaukee’s north side,” and officials from the Milwaukee County Medical Examiner’s Office ruled it a “probable opioid overdose,” the Associated Press reported.
It unclear whether Beckless overdosed on prescription painkillers, heroin, or another type of opioid.
His would mark the seventh death of a child under the age of five to overdose on opioids in Milwaukee over the past 19 months if further toxicology tests confirm the preliminary results.
Milwaukee Police Sgt. Timothy Gaurke did not provide additional information about the two people arrested as the investigation is ongoing.
WTMJ reports that Beckless lived with his parents, sister, and brother at the home where he was found.
“His great aunt, Lashonda Taylor, said Tyran went to sleep in his home with his mother, father, one-year-old sister and five-year-old brother on Friday night, April 15th — but Tyran didn’t wake up on Saturday morning,” WITI reports.
“It’s just not real to me right now,” Taylor told WITI. “Like my nephew said, he went to sleep with his little brother and he woke up… and I guess he felt his brother and he felt like ice to him,” said Taylor.



ARTICLE
Murthy was confirmed to the position of Surgeon General on December 15, 2014. The lead-up to the confirmation vote on Murthy focused on his “political activism,” particularly his positions on gun control.
Opposition from the NRA and other gun rights groups — together with Republican opposition — actually made it difficult to predict whether Murthy could be confirmed.
In fact, he was so pro-gun control that Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV), a red state Democratic proponent of gun control, refused to vote for him.
But former Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL) crossed the aisle and voted yes in Manchin’s place, giving Americans a Surgeon General who viewed gun policy as a “health care issue.”
Murthy reiterated his ongoing support for gun control as recently as June 3, 2016, telling STAT:
I got into some trouble for saying gun violence is a public health issue. A little bit of trouble. But you know, I was stating what I think is the obvious, and I think most people in the country understand, which is that far too many people die from gun violence. And in my book, every single death from gun violence is a tragedy because it was preventable. It’s unacceptable.
Murthy has now been removed and replaced by Rear Adm. Sylvia Trent-Adams. She was previously the Deputy Surgeon General.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The Post leads its poll story saying the poll also shows Trump “as the least popular chief executive in modern times,” but despite that the poll also shows positive reaction to the president’s first 100 days in office — that number is reached next Saturday.
“Trump’s first months in office have produced some tangible successes,” the Post reported. “Beyond the continued enthusiasm of his most loyal supporters, a small majority of Americans see him as a strong leader. A bigger majority approves of his efforts to pressure U.S. companies to keep jobs in this country.”
The Post notes Republicans not taking a vote on the vastly unpopular American Health Care Act meant to “repeal and replace” Obamacare as a “major setback,” but goes on to report that the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is Trump’s “clearest achievement.”
The Post also notes that Trump has issued Executive Actions on “trade, immigration, climate and government organization,” but does not explain that those orders keep campaign promises to protect American businesses and workers, roll back regulations on climate change that are harming American businesses and workers, and efforts to deconstruct the administrative state by reforming government organization.
The Post article said: “Overseas, [Trump] has demonstrated his willingness to use military force, with targeted strikes in Syria and the use of one of the biggest non-nuclear devices in the U.S. arsenal in Afghanistan,” but questions about Syria and Afghanistan were not asked in the poll.
The poll did ask what people thought about Trump’s approach to North Korea, with 46 percent saying he is handling it “about right.”
People who voted for Trump are sticking by him, the poll reveals.
“His approval rating among those who cast ballots for him stands at 94 percent,” the Post reported. “Among Republicans, it is 84 percent.
“Asked of those who voted for him whether they regret doing so, 2 percent say they do, while 96 percent say supporting Trump was the right thing to do,” the Post reported. “When asked if they would vote for him again, 96 percent say they would, which is higher than the 85 percent of Hillary Clinton voters who say they would support her again.”
When the Post asked: “Trump has been president for about three months or nearly 100 days. Would you say he has accomplished a great deal during that time, a good amount, not very much or little or nothing?” 42 percent said he had accomplished “a great deal/good amount.”



ARTICLE
O’Reilly’s “No Spin News” will air Monday, April 24 at 7 p.m. Eastern, according to a promotional graphic posted to his website Sunday.

The episode will mark a return for the popular news host just six days after his departure from Fox News, where he hosted the perennially top-rated O’Reilly Factor for two decades.
O’Reilly exited last week after an investigation into five sexual harassment allegations leveled against him during his tenure at the network.
In a statement after his departure, O’Reilly called the allegations against him “completely unfounded.”
O’Reilly’s podcast will be made available to those with a premium subscription to his website. A subscription costs $49.95 per year, or $4.95 per month.
The final episode of the retitled The Factor aired Friday night, with longtime Fox News personality Greg Gutfeld filling in for O’Reilly.
Current Fox News host Tucker Carlson is set to take over O’Reilly’s 8 p.m. ET time slot beginning Monday, April 24. Reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner is set to be among Carlson’s first guests on the program.
 
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum



ARTICLE
The same dissenting judge, Judge Jerry E. Smith of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, dissented from the majority in March when it nullified three congressional maps drawn by the Texas Legislature in 2011 (“Plan C185”). He wrote that the DOJ “viewed Texas redistricting litigation as the potential grand prize and lusts for the day when it can reimpose preclearance.”
This past week, two of the judges on the three-judge panel addressed districts drawn by Texas legislators in 2011 in “Plan H283”. They opined that the maps violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA) and the U.S. Constitution because the districts were drawn to “reduce minority voting opportunity statewide, resulting in even less proportional representation for minority voters.” 
Chief Judge Orlando Luis Garcia and Judge Xavier Rodriguez of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas charged that the “use of race” in two of the House districts by state elected representatives “turned the VRA on its head.”
The majority and dissenting opinions, 171 pages in length, are to be read with the Court’s separate fact findings, and the Court’s March 10 opinion on Plan C185.
The majority found that the plaintiffs met their burden to prove their vote dilution claims under section 2 of the Voting Rights Act and the Fourteenth Amendment as to: El Paso County (HD 78), Bexar County (HD 117), Nueces County (the elimination of HD 33 and the configuration of HD 32 and HD 34), HD 41 in the Valley, Harris County, western Dallas County (HDs 103, 104, 105) Tarrant County (HD 90, 93), Bell County (HD 54), “and with regard to Plan H283 as a whole.”
The two judges also sustained the racial gerrymandering claim as to HD 117 in Bexar County, but not as to HD 77 and HD 78 in El Paso County. They also found that while the plaintiffs did not prove a statewide violation under one person, one vote claims, they did prove them as to violations in Nueces, Hidalgo, and Bell/Lampasas County districts (HDs 32, 34; 31, 36, 39, 40, 41; and 54 and 55 respectively). The latter required electoral districts to be drawn according to population and to make the districts equivalent in population.
Dissenting Judge Jerry Smith addressed the fundamental issue of jurisdiction saying as in his March 10, 2017, dissenting opinion on the 2011 Plan C185, the judicial proceedings for Plan H283 are moot. “Nothing has changed to fix that fatal defect.” He opined that the panel should “promptly dismiss” the case for lack of jurisdiction.
As reported by Breitbart Texas, the same two judges released an opinion in March accusing Texas legislators of drawing a congressional map in a “rushed and secretive process” that intended to discriminate against Hispanic and Democrat voters. The opinion nullified districts 27 and 23 represented by U.S. Representative Blake Farenthold (R-Corpus Christi) and Rep. Will Hurd (R-Helotes).
District 27 stretches from Corpus Christi to Bastrop County near Austin and Wharton County. District 23 covers southwest Texas along the majority of the state’s border with Mexico and is west of western San Antonio.
The panel also held that legislators intended “to unseat” Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Austin) in District 35 by drawing a map that would help a Hispanic representative be elected. They wrote the district was drawn to create the “façade of comply[ing]” with the Voting Rights Act. They also ruled that the Black population in Austin was purposely split to achieve the goal of unseating the Democrat incumbent.
As to the latest finding of the panel, Judge Smith ended his dissent by writing:
“[O]ne thing is certain. Despite its heartfelt efforts, this panel majority has badly overreached in finding that Texas used race, instead of partisan advantage, as the predominant factor in the 2011 redistricting. A finding that racial considerations were ‘dominant and controlling’ defies everything about this record. Is there anything to show that, as to any district whatsoever, ‘race was the criterion that, in the State’s view, could not be compromised’? Nary a word. I respectully dissent. Stay tuned.”
Ending his dissent with “Stay tuned,” the judge nominated by Ronald Reagan foreshadows what will most certainly be a further fight in the courts, including the appellate courts.
This Order on Plan H282, like the Order on Plan C185, raises many questions because it does not set forth how the alleged offending maps will be replaced.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton responded to the release of the panel’s latest order saying, “As Fifth Circuit Judge Jerry Smith observed in his dissent, the challenge to the old 2011 maps are not only moot but ‘a finding that racial considerations were dominant and controlling defies everything about this record.”
The Texas AG said that while he respectfully disagreed with the redistricting panel’s 2-1 decision, “we are confident we will ultimately prevail in this case.”
Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2.
Order on Texas Plan H283 by lanashadwick on Scribd




ARTICLE
“Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman’s right to make her own choices about her body and her health,” Perez said in a statement. “That is not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state.”
“At a time when women’s rights are under assault from the White House, the Republican Congress, and in states across the country,” he added, “we must speak up for this principle as loudly as ever and with one voice.”
Although the Democratic Party’s radically pro-abortion platform was galvanized in 1992, when the Party refused to allow the late Governor Robert P. Casey of Pennsylvania to give a speech against abortion at its National Convention, it has continued to harden into a fundamental pillar of the Party.
Yet in his address Friday, DNC leader Tom Perez became the first chairman of the party to demand absolute ideological purity on abortion rights, promising to only back Democratic candidates who embrace a woman’s right to choose.
The official 2016 platform of the Democratic Party was called “the most pro-abortion platform in history,” and the President of NARAL Pro-Choice America Ilyse Hogue called the 55-page document “far and away the most progressive platform on reproductive health, freedom and justice in the history of the party.”
“If platforms are statements of collective values and a blueprint for candidates to follow once elected, the choice could not be more clear,” said Hogue, an ardent supporter of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
At the time, Kristen Day, executive director of Democrats for Life, registered her outrage at the Party’s exclusiveness on the abortion question.
“This platform’s language just says (to abortion opponents) you are no longer welcome,” Day said.
On Friday, Perez declared that every candidate who runs as a Democrat should stand by abortion rights, “because every woman should be able to make her own health choices. Period.”
Abortion rights advocates applauded Perez’s remarks as an important milestone for the movement on Friday.
“Kudos to Chair Tom Perez and the DNC for recognizing that we are a stronger party when we stand for our core values,” Ilyse Hogue told The Huffington Post.
“Women across the country who are, and have always been, the heart and soul of the Party, are breathing a sigh of relief to know that the DNC has our backs, and we look forward to a day when we don’t have to fight this fight again.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
According to a statement from a group called Promoting Enduring Peace (PEP), Omar Barghouti will arrive in the U.S. on Sunday to receive the Gandhi Peace Award in person despite initially being banned from leaving Israel after being arrested last month for tax evasion to the tune of some $700,000 in income.
PEP said it was “delighted that Omar Barghouti will be able to come to the United States to accept this well-deserved award for his leadership in the non-violent struggle for Palestinian human rights.”
The BDS co-founder “will able to give a first-hand account of life for Palestinians under draconian Israeli government rule,” the statement continued.
The PEP also sponsored a petition calling for the dismissal of charges that garnered 900 signatures.
Sunday’s PEP ceremony will be co-sponsored by the Yale chapter of Students for Justice in Palestine. Rebecca Vilkomerson, the executive director of Jewish Voice for Peace, will present Barghouti with his peace prize. JVP was the group that invited Palestinian terrorist Rasmea Odeh to their annual conference earlier this month.
Barghouti and Vilkomerson are also slated to participate in a panel at Columbia University on Monday titled “The Road to Freedom: The BDS Movement for Palestinian Rights and the Struggle Against Apartheid,” hosted by student groups Columbia University Apartheid Divest and Columbia Students for Justice in Palestine.
The Gandhi Peace Award was awarded to first lady Eleanor Roosevelt in 1960.



ARTICLE
“The Jewish people have learned the brutal lesson from the Nazi Holocaust, that when a leader threatens you with genocide you take such threats seriously,” Rabbis Marvin Hier and Abraham Cooper — the dean and associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center — said in a statement. “The world, including many Jewish leaders, dismissed Hitler’s early threats against the Jewish people as bombast. The scope of death and destruction of WWII and the unspeakable horrors of the Shoah have taught us to never again dismiss such threats as empty rhetoric.”
“Unfortunately, the previous administration believed that it could moderate the mullah’s actions and words through negotiation and perks. We are grateful that the Trump administration is basing its policies on Iranian behavior, not wishful thinking,” they added.
At a State Department press conference on Wednesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, “Iran’s provocative actions threaten the United States, the region, and the world. … The Trump administration is currently conducting a comprehensive review of our Iran policy. Once we have finalized our conclusions, we will meet the challenges Iran poses with clarity and conviction.”
The Obama-led nuclear deal signed by Iran and six world powers, Tillerson stated, “fails to achieve the objective of a non-nuclear Iran; it only delays their goal of becoming a nuclear state. This deal represents the same failed approach of the past that brought us to the current imminent threat we face from North Korea. The Trump administration has no intention of passing the buck to a future administration on Iran.”
Watch a video of Tillerson’s remarks below:




ARTICLE
The project, with high-profile contributors like John Legend and Lady Gaga, resulted in a box set of records dubbed “7 inches for Planned Parenthood.”
“The A-side of an upcoming 7-inch record plays a Bon Iver song,” PBS NewsHour reported in a preview of the project. “Flip the record over, and it’s a self-recording of Dr. Willie Parker, an abortion provider in the Deep South, talking about how he faces daily jeers from protesters.”
“Grab a second album, and listen to comedian Zach Galifianakis, and a song featuring musicians John Legend and St. Vincent,” PBS NewsHour reported.
The Kickstarter project The Creative Independent put together the box set because “lawmakers with extreme views are working hard to shut down Planned Parenthood” and “7-inches for Planned Parenthood is a response to this threat,” according to its Facebook page.
“We wanted to make something that felt useful and actually was useful, not just another thing adding noise,” Brandon Stosuy, editor in chief at The Creative Independent, said.
“In the months since November’s election, many other artists, record labels and streaming platforms have worked to raise money for progressive organizations, including the ACLU, Southern Poverty Law Center and the Trevor Project,” PBS NewsHour reported.
The Creative Independent’s Facebook page states:
Lawmakers with extreme views are working hard to shut down Planned Parenthood. If they succeed, millions of Americans will lose access to basic health services, including STD testing and treatment, birth control, and life-saving cancer screenings.
7-inches for Planned Parenthood is a response to this threat. This curated series of 7-inch vinyl records is being made by a group of people who believe that access to health care is a public good that should be fiercely protected. Do we know there’s a joke in the name? We do. We hope the title evokes the rich history of 7-inch vinyl records as a medium for protest music and resistance.
Planned Parenthood, in fact, only provides basic breast examinations and has to refer patients elsewhere for mammograms and other cancer screenings.
“In late March, Vice President Mike Pence cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate to allow states to withhold federal funding from Planned Parenthood and other family planning organizations,” PBS NewsHour reported.
Comedian Zach Galifianakis joined the musicians taking part in the project, which also included Sharon Van Etten, the Foo Fighters and Mary J. Bliger.
Roberto Lange, who performs as the electro-pop artist Helado Negro, told PBS NewsHour participating in the fundraiser let him “stand up for what he believes.”
“Music and performance – that’s a form of resistance for me,” Lange said.



ARTICLE
The poll comes as Trump looks to finish his first 100 days later this week on a high note, with new legislative initiatives on tax reform and health care. Unlike his predecessors, Trump had no “honeymoon,” with the media and the Demcoratic opposition — a.k.a. “Resistance” — determined to maintain a bitter antagonism from the very first day.
But the “resistance” has its own major problems. Two-thirds (67%) of Americans say that Democrats are out of touch with their concerns, while 62% say the same about Republicans and 58% say that about President Trump himself.
Americans also support Trump’s approach to foreign policy, with a plurality saying that he is dealing with North Korea correctly and a majority approving of the recent missile strikes in Syria.
But it is with his own supporters that Trump is strongest:
As noted, this poll finds no evidence of buyer’s remorse among Trump supporters. Among those who report having voted for him in November, 96 percent today say it was the right thing to do; a mere 2 percent regret it. And if a rerun of the election were held today, the poll indicates even the possibility of a Trump victory in the popular vote among 2016 voters.
Trump might win a second version of the 2016 election because while 96% of Trump supporters would vote for him again, only 85% of Hillary Clinton voters say they would do so, “producing a 40-43 percent Clinton-Trump result in this hypothetical re-do among self-reported 2016 voters,” the poll says. Other former Clinton voters would support a third party instead.
The poll was conducted by land and cellular phone among 1,004 adults, with a margin of error of 3.5%.
Another poll, conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal, found that 54% of American adults disapprove of the job President Trump is doing, while only 40% approve, a 14-point gap that has increased by 4 points since February.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
According to its mission statement, Duquesne University is “a Catholic university founded by members of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit,” dedicated to serving God while espousing a “profound concern for moral and spiritual values.” It also professes a commitment to “an ecumenical atmosphere open to diversity.”
For its part, Chick-fil-A CEO management has articulated a biblical understanding of marriage that exactly mirrors Catholic teaching, while also emphasizing that they do not discriminate in any way, and are more than happy to serve anyone who wishes to eat at their establishment.
In 2012, Dan Cathy, CEO of Chick-fil-A, stated: “We are very much supportive of the family — the biblical definition of the family unit. We are a family-owned business, a family-led business, and we are married to our first wives. We give God thanks for that.”
“We know that it might not be popular with everyone, but thank the Lord, we live in a country where we can share our values and operate on biblical principles,” he said.
Lambda Gay-Straight Alliance, the LGBT student organization on campus, considers Chick-fil-A’s commitment to traditional marriage potentially offensive to gay students, despite the obvious fact that no one is required to patronize the restaurant who doesn’t want to.
At the March 26 meeting, Lambda executive board member Niko Martini proposed that the Student Government Association (SGA) pass a resolution asking the university to reconsider the inclusion of Chick-fil-A as a dining option for students. Martini said he made the proposal on his own behalf and not Lambda’s.
“Chick-fil-A has a questionable history on civil rights and human rights,” Martini said. “I think it’s imperative the university chooses to do business with organizations that coincide with the [university’s] mission and expectations they give students regarding diversity and inclusion.”
Martini did not explain how eliminating a food establishment committed to a biblical understanding of marriage would increase diversity on campus.
Meanwhile Lambda President Rachel Coury expressed worries that the safety of LGBT students might be at risk.
“I’ve tried very hard within the last semester and a half to promote this safe environment for the LGBTQ+ community,” Coury said. “So I fear that with the Chick-fil-A being in Options that maybe people will feel that safe place is at risk.”
Debate sparked by the confrontation, swirling around a series of issues from religious liberty to gay rights to a proper academic environment, have now reached a national level, according to the Duquesne Duke, the university’s campus newspaper.
In an interview on Fox and Friends, retired U.S. Army Ranger Sean Parnell, an alumnus of Duquesne University, minced no words in expressing his dissent from the contemporary environment on the campus of his alma mater.
“They’re a bunch of babies. College is supposed to prepare you for the real world, not shield you from opposing opinions, and safe spaces do exactly that. Who doesn’t want as an undergrad Chick-fil-A on their campus? I would have killed for a c on my campus when I was at Duquesne,” he said.
“My message is: toughen up. there are no safe spaces in the real world,” he said. “If you’re going to be successful in this life after you leave college you’ve got to learn to embrace adversity and open yourself up to a litany of different opinions. You will never be a CEO of a major company or an entrepreneur or a manager if you are not willing to work with people different than you.”
Hostility toward proponents of traditional marriage was foreseen by Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito in his potent dissent of the landmark 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges case that made gay marriage the law of the land.
Alito prophesied that the misguided decision would be used to damage citizens who do not share a contemporary view of marriage as an elastic arrangement between an unspecified number of unspecified persons.
“It will be used,” he wrote presciently, “to vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the new orthodoxy.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome



ARTICLE
The Trumps visited Barrientos and his wife as the president awarded him a Purple Heart.
“When I heard about this I wanted to do it myself,” Trump said. “Congratulations. Tremendous.”
The Trumps motorcaded to Walter Reed in the rain as protesters in Washington D.C. launched a “March for Science.” The White House press pool was present for the ceremony. The Trumps spent about an hour and a half meeting with service members and touring the facility before leaving the hospital.
Later that evening, the Trumps went to the Trump International Hotel in Washington D.C. for dinner.



ARTICLE
The context for Brown’s criticism is the decision by UC Berkeley not to allow conservative author Ann Coulter to speak on campus. That decision was reversed, but the university insisted that Coulter speak at a designated date and time, when classes were not in session or when few students were likely to attend, in order to minimize the risk of violent protests.
In 1964, Berkeley was the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement, which demanded the right to advocate for any political cause on campus, with or without the approval of the administration. The movement broke open dialogue on campuses nationwide, and inspired a generation of activists to join protests against the Vietnam War and other causes.
Brown notes an odd irony — present at many other campuses today, as well — where the students are demanding an end to free expression, the very right that their parents’ generation marched to protect and expand.
He writes:
When the Free Speech Movement got rolling at UC Berkeley in the 1960s, the whole point was winning the right to speak out about civil rights, sex, the Vietnam War or anything else on your mind.
It was youth versus “the man.”
Now it’s youth demanding the shutdown, and the man expressing outrage at the death of free speech.
And the cops being sent in to protect it.
How’s that for a reversal?
Read Brown’s full column, “Berkeley betrays its free speech legacy,” here.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
“We clearly announce that we have not and will not support any candidate in the upcoming elections,” he said in a letter, signed by himself and his former deputy and presidential hopeful Hamid Baghaie.
Both were barred from running on Thursday by the conservative-dominated Guardian Council, which vets candidates for public elections.
Ahmadinejad’s candidacy came against the advice of supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei who said it would “polarise” the nation.
But the council’s spokesman on Sunday said his disqualification was not related to the leader’s advice.
Campaigning began Friday for the May 19 presidential election with incumbent Hassan Rouhani facing a tough battle against two conservative rivals — cleric and judge Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf.
Ahmadinejad’s anti-Israel rhetoric and nuclear ambitions saw Iran increasingly isolated from the outside world.
He is still popular among the poor sections of the society, who were fond of his populist policies such as distributing monthly cash handouts.



ARTICLE
Researchers at Tel Aviv University said Sunday that assaults specifically targeting Jews, vandalism and other violent incidents fell 12 percent last year. They recorded 361 cases compared to 410 in 2015, which had already been the lowest number in a decade. The report attributed much of the drop to increased security measures in European countries.
The numbers on violence were not mirrored by a decrease in cases of general anti-Semitism. On U.S. university campuses, there was a 45 percent increase in anti-Semitic incidents, mostly insults and harassment of Jewish students, the report says.



ARTICLE
The Times’ investigative report suggests that a U.S. intelligence agency managed to intercept some of what Russian hackers were stealing — and that one document, “described as both a memo and an email, was written by a Democratic operative who expressed confidence that Ms. Lynch would keep the Clinton investigation from going too far.”
According to the Times, Comey feared that Lynch — who had insisted the Clinton probe be referred to as a “matter” and not as an “investigation,” and who suggested it the investigation was not criminal when, in fact, it was — would declare the case closed, and then Russian hackers would leak the document to undermine the FBI’s image of independence.
The Times notes: “Mr. Comey’s defenders regard this as one of the untold stories of the Clinton investigation, one they say helps explain his decision-making.” And if a local news reporter in Phoenix had not caught Lynch meeting with former President Bill Clinton, she might have succeeded in sheltering the Clintons even more effectively than she had.
When Comey’s letter to Congress about the re-opening of the investigation was revealed on October 28, it changed the contours of the presidential race — arguably by uniting reluctant conservatives around Donald Trump’s candidacy.
Breitbart News was in the room when Trump announced the news to thousands of supporters in New Hampshire:

In July 2016, a batch of emails from the Democratic National Committee released by Wikileaks, and said by U.S. intelligence agencies to have been obtained most likely by Russian hackers, revealed collusion between senior party officials and the Clinton campaign to thwart the insurgent candidacy of socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT).
Now, according to the Times, another hacked document, purportedly stolen by Russians, may have revealed collusion between the former Attorney General and the Democrats to ensure Hillary Clinton’s victory in the general election.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
The first paragraph has been updated to clarify that the Times report was referring to Comey’s announcement last year.



ARTICLE
Ukraine was among 14 countries that voted for the anti-settlement resolution in December, in the waning days of former US president Barack Obama’s term. The Americans enabled the passage of the resolution by abstaining on the vote, rather than vetoing it.
Immediately after the vote, Israel canceled a planned visit a couple of days later by Groysman, that country’s first Jewish premier. Ukraine fired back at the cancellation by calling in Israel’s ambassador to Kiev for clarifications. It issued a statement saying that it was disappointed at the “emotional reaction of some Israeli officials and politicians” following the passage of the resolution.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Levin has been at the forefront of piecing together evidence, based on mainstream media reports about  investigations into possible links between Donald Trump’s presidential campaign and the Russian government, which suggests there was a systematic effort on the part of the Obama administration to collect, disseminate, and leak intelligence on Trump.
At the very least, there was at least one case in which the identity of a U.S. citizen caught up in FISA-authorized surveillance — former General Michael Flynn — was leaked illegally to the media, with the result that he lost his job as National Security Adviser. His predecessor, Susan Rice, has admitted asking for other names of Trump officials to be “unmasked.”
The brief explains:
A flurry of recent published reports citing numerous anonymous federal intelligence and law enforcement officials has disclosed an enormous amount of classified information, apparently gathered pursuant to orders issued by this Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court. The nature, timing, and volume of classified information released indicate a systematic effort to exploit the orders of this Court for political purposes.
The brief goes into further detail, and asks the court to consider the matter en banc — as a full court — under its authority to consider “exceptional matters.” The brief suggests several questions to be pursued, including: “Did government officials seek one or more national security surveillance warrants from this Court as a pretext to conduct an investigation for the purpose of affecting an ongoing national presidential campaign and subsequent transition of an incoming president?
The Landmark brief also asks the court to consider severe sanctions, including possible referrals for criminal prosecution, and issuing “tan order to all relevant federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies to show cause as to why they should not be held in contempt for failing to protect the secrecy of classified information obtained pursuant to orders of this Court.”
Much of the brief consists of reciting the case first described on the Mark Levin Show, and augmented at Breitbart News, but in far greater detail, with extensive quotes and citations.
Unlike a typical amicus brief, which deals with a current case , the Landmark brief only addresses past cases, which is the most it can do because the FISA court works in secret. There is nothing to block anyone from filing a brief with FISA (nor compelling it to answer).
The brief explains:
It is impossible for Amicus Curiae to know the breadth and extent of the FISA Court’s order or orders. Consequently, it is not possible for Landmark to know what of the leaked classified information detailed herein is subject to this Court’s order or orders and jurisdiction. But this Court knows its orders and is uniquely situated to take action to determine whether or not its orders have been and are being abused.
Levin, who is president of the Landmark Legal Foundation, revealed the brief on his show Thursday, one hour after it was filed.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE

The video shows a speedboat coming towards the ship as a private security contractor with a sub-machine gun takes aim at the incoming boat.
One guard is seen in the video firing warning shots around the incoming speedboat, landing just feet away.
“Where they at, what’s their position?” one contractor shouts, after the security guards finish up firing dozens of rounds at the speedboat.
As the first speedboat retreats, a second boat races toward the starboard of the ship.
“Second skip coming in,” security radios in.
The clip has been viewed more than seven million times.
In March, pirates hijacked an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia in what was the first hijacking of a large commercial ship since 2012, the Daily Mail reported.



ARTICLE
Azhar Hussain, 56, was arrested Friday and charged with felony obstruction of justice and misdemeanor harassment, the Tribune-Star reported.
Hussain, who worked as an assistant professor of aviation technology, has been suspended from teaching duties, according to a release sent out by the university.
The school says the charges originate from a series of emails with anti-Muslim messages and threats from what they thought was an unknown sender at the time, with Hussain as a target.
The first report of these emails occurred on March 8. On March 24, Hussain reported that someone attacked him from behind and threw him to the floor.
Police say after they investigated the claim and tracked down the computer where the emails came from, they discovered evidence that pointed to Hussain as the alleged letter writer.
“Based upon the investigation, it is our belief that Hussain was trying to gain sympathy by becoming a victim of anti-Muslim threats which he had created himself,” said the chief of ISU’s police department, Joseph Newport. “It is extremely unfortunate that this situation caused undue concern on other members of the ISU community.”
Newport said numerous campus crime alerts were sent out as a result of the email and the alleged assault.
University Provost Mike Licari told Law Newz that Hussain has not only been suspended from teaching and has been told he will not be teaching at the university beyond the 2017-18 year, but the university is also seeking to formally dismiss him.
Hussain is being held in Vigo County Jail on $10,000 bond. He is scheduled to appear in Vigo County Superior Court 6 on Monday.



ARTICLE
On Thursday Target announced that chief innovation and strategy officer Casey Carl was leaving the company after 20 years on the job. Casey is at least the fifth top executive to leave the company recently, according to the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.
Despite firing its top innovation officer, Target CEO Brian Cornell released a statement insisting that “Innovation is alive and well at Target.”
The move might not be a complete shock considering that as its stock price and profits tumbled, early this year the company abruptly canceled two once highly touted innovation and growth projects aimed at bringing Target into the future of retail. Despite these moves, Cornell still claims that “Innovation must be a mind-set, an essential component of every business, every strategy and every team.”
Carl joins a growing list of top officers shown the door at the nationwide retailer. Also fired in the last two years has been Target’s head of stores, head of marketing, its human resources boss, and its chief digital officer.
The scrambling comes after Target suffered three disastrous quarters of sales declines in a row and a loss of over $15 billion this year. The losses came after its April of 2016 announcement that it intended to allow men pretending to be women to use any bathroom or changing room they want to use at any given time.
The announcement sparked millions of people to boycott the company. In one particular case a #BoycottTarget petition organized by the American Family Association has surpassed 1.5 million signatures.
Since April of last year, the company’s brand name has taken a drubbing, and its stock has fallen from a high of $84.14 to $54.78 a share. The fall was bad enough that many investment advisers downgraded Target to a “strong sell” even as its falling price might seem to make it an attractive buy.
This April Target’s CEO was reported as having opposed his own company’s transgender announcement, saying it “frustrated” him that his diversity department made such a fuss over the decision and that they didn’t clear the announcement with him first. Cornell thought the whole situation was mishandled and caused a massive backlash against the company. Insiders say he ultimately backed the policy but felt “stuck” with it.
Target’s focus on transgender rights has prompted it to end the use of single-sex bathrooms and changing rooms. The same trend is underway nationally, where pro-transgender laws are eliminating single-sex facilities and institutions.
In December, a poll showed that only 22.7 percent of respondents endorsed the transgender claim that people should be allowed to change their recorded sex or “gender identity” on government documents whenever they wish. In contrast, 44.6 percent of respondents said people should be allowed to switch their legal sex, but only after first complying with medical or government criteria for male and female characteristics. Twenty-three percent opposed any sex-related change to identity documents, and 17.1 percent declined to answer.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
During a joint press conference at the White House with Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni of Italy, Trump declared, “I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has, right now, enough roles. We’re in a role everywhere.”
“I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS. We’re being very effective in that regard. We are doing a job, with respect to ISIS, that has not been done anywhere near the numbers that we’re producing right now,” said the president, later adding, “That role [fighting ISIS] will come to an end at a certain point, and we’ll be able to go back home and rebuild our country, which is what I want to do.”
Trump’s comments came after Marine Gen. Thomas Waldhauser, the top American commander in Africa, told lawmakers in March that Russia’s recent involvement in Libya is “very concerning,” adding:
The instability in Libya and North Africa caused by years of political infighting may be the most significant near term threat to the U.S. and allies’ interests on the continent. Stability in Libya is a long term proposition. We must maintain pressure on the ISIS Libya network and concurrently support Libya’s efforts to reestablish legitimate and unified government.
President Trump told reporters the United States military would continue to participate in efforts to annihilate ISIS in Libya.
“We have no choice,” he proclaimed, adding, “We are effectively ridding the world of ISIS. I see that as a primary role, and that’s what we’re going to do, whether it’s in Iraq or in Libya or anywhere else.”
Trump thanked the Italian leader for the part his country has played in fighting ISIS in Libya, a former colony of Italy.
Specifically, the U.S. president praised Gentiloni “for your leadership on seeking stabilization in Libya, and for your crucial efforts to deny ISIS a foothold in the Mediterranean.”
The Italian PM acknowledged that the U.S. played a “critical” role in pushing ISIS out of its Libyan stronghold in the coastal city of Sirte, located a few hundreds of miles from the European coast.
“Now the [U.S.] commitment must be political,” added Gentiloni, referring to support for the United Nations-backed Government of National Accord in Tripoli.
“We need a stable and unified Libya,” said the Italian PM. “A divided country and in conflict would make stability worse.”
Gentiloni made his comments in Italian and President Trump was not wearing an earpiece that would have allowed him to understand the Italian leader’s plea for U.S. support to bring political stability to Libya.
Although the U.S. military and its allies pushed ISIS out of its Libyan stronghold Sirte, once considered the largest ISIS bastion outside of Iraq and Syria, the jihadist organization remains a threat, according to Gen. Waldhauser.
“The status of ISIS in Libya is they right now are regrouping. They’re in small numbers, small groups…after they left Sirte, we developed intelligence. We bombed them on January 18 and they were in the southern part of Libya. They’ve scattered again now,” he said in March.
John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, added, “In Libya, the ISIS stronghold in Sirte has been degraded. But what remains is a divided nation littered with independent militias, flooded with arms and searching in vain for legitimate governance and political unity.”
Libya has been gripped by chaos since the U.S.-backed overthrow of the late dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.



ARTICLE

Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017

“Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
The announcement comes after Trump made the decision to skip the annual dinner in February, breaking with the tradition presidents in recent years have set by attending the event.
The rally will be held April 29 in Harrisburg, the same day as Trump marks the 100th day of his presidency, Politico reported.
A senior White House official said the decision to hold the rally that day had more to do with how Trump planned to spend the hours of the 100th day than the correspondents’ dinner.
“The media is trying to make this about them when — respectfully it has nothing to do with you guys,” said the official. “It’s about focusing on the people.”
No White House staff will attend the dinner either as a show of solidarity with Trump, and outlets such as Vanity Fair, TIME, People, Bloomberg, and the New Yorker have canceled their parties.
Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein will headline the event in Trump’s place to present journalism awards.



ARTICLE
“Let black people go in reparations,” Muhammad screamed twice. He also warned that natural disasters in America will increase, ABC News reports.
The outbursts prompted Muhammad’s lawyer, Eric Christensen, to tell the judge he believes his client “may not be mentally competent to proceed.”
Fresno County Superior Court Judge W. Kent Hamlin obliged and ordered that a doctor examine Muhammad.
CBS News published raw footage of the rant:

The 39-year-old suspect has been charged with first degree murder in the killing of unarmed security guard Carl Williams at a Motel 6.
Authorities say Muhammad set out to kill as many white people as possible after learning he was wanted for Williams’ death.
Police Chief Jerry Dyer told reporters Muhammad shouted, “Allahu Akbar” when police finally wrestled him to the ground.
Muhammad’s Facebook page, Dyer said, indicates, “He does not like white people, and he has anti-government sentiments.”
The suspect, ABC News reports, has faced four domestic violence charges on the allegation that he physically abused the mother of his child.
Muhammad’s bail has been set at $2.6 million.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.



ARTICLE
The Capital Journal reports that the charges represent “a Class 5 felony with a maximum sentence of five years.”
In a Facebook Live video allegedly filmed in a car outside a Christian conference in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, a Muslim man identified as Ehab Jaber brandishes numerous guns and warns people to “be scared.”
The video was republished by the New York Post. In it, Jaber can be seen pulling a pistol from his vehicle’s console, another from a holster on his waist, and yet another from down near his feet (or an ankle holster). He eventually reaches behind the driver’s seat to grab AK and AR-style rifles. He appears to hold up numerous magazines for the rifles while saying, “That’s how I travel. That’s how I f*cking travel.”
He talks as he grabs the guns, saying, “Be scared,” and, “Be f*cking terrified,” as he holds the guns up.

The Post reports that Jaber made the video in his vehicle “after being told he couldn’t film inside the event.”
In the video, Jaber wears a t-shirt which says: “I am an American, I am a Muslim, I open carry and concealed carry, I am only dangerous if you are stupid.”
CBS Los Angeles reports that the Christian conference’s “agenda included a presentation from Shahram Hadian, a former Iranian Muslim turned Christian pastor, who was scheduled to give a presentation entitled ‘Sabotaging America: Islam’s March Toward Supremacy.'”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
I. The Impact of Fox
An era has come to an end at Fox News. The departure, last year, of Roger Ailes, its founder and CEO for two decades, and the departure, this year, of Bill O’Reilly, its biggest star for two decades, means that Fox will be changing. What’s said of politics is also true of TV: Personnel is policy. Tell me the names of those who are making the decisions about programming, and the names of those who are actually doing the shows, and I’ll tell you, in turn, about the network.
Yet now, post-Ailes and post-O’Reilly, Fox’s future is enshrouded in clouds. As we peer through the mist, it’s possible to cite some informed speculation about where Fox is headed, but first, let’s consider where Fox has been, and what it’s done.
As we all know, Fox changed the media, and the country, since it was founded in 1996. Most obviously, Fox gave a home to—and a voice to—the half of the country that felt ignored, even disdained, by what we have come to call the Main Stream Media.
The conservatives on Fox—there were plenty of liberals, too, on the channel, although they were less memorable— talked a different language from the conservatives that went before them. That is, prior to Fox in 1996, the leading media engine of conservative and Republican thinking was The Wall Street Journal editorial page. And close behind was William F. Buckley’s National Review.
Then came Fox. And with Fox, as we shall see, came the changes that prefigured the victory of Donald Trump in 2016.
The founder, CEO, and overall guiding light of the network was Roger Ailes. He was undeniably a Republican and a conservative, and yet even so, he was cut from different cloth than the Journal and NR.
Born in 1940, Ailes grew up in blue-collar Warren, Ohio, 50 miles southeast of Cleveland. He got his start in local TV and quickly climbed the ladder, from prop boy to top dog. At age 25, he was executive producer of The Mike Douglas Show, which soon became the most widely syndicated daytime program in America.
From there, Ailes jumped to Richard Nixon’s 1968 presidential campaign, and then went on to renown as a Republican political consultant, helping, among scores of clients, Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. (This author came to know, and work with, Ailes in the mid-80s; I was also a Fox News contributor from 1996 to 2016.)
Although Ailes was always a stickler that the news side of Fox should maintain its Fair and Balanced integrity, it’s undeniable that the opinion side of Fox—mostly in prime time, but also sprinkled here and there throughout the weekly schedule—leaned to the right.
And yet at the same time, Fox was always, well, Ailesian. Just as he had tutored politicians never to talk down to the voters by dropping big words, so Ailes instructed his TV talent never to talk down to the audience. And so, unlike the Journal, Fox didn’t have much interest in libertarian economic theory; opinionators were often in favor of lower taxes and limited government, but references to Adam Smith or Friedrich Hayek were few and far between. And unlike the scribes for National Review, Ailes had little interest in explications of conservative ideology or theology.
What Ailes wanted was something different: He wanted strong personalities, crisp interviews, punchy language, and hard-hitting points, made quickly. And his formula worked. When Fox debuted in 1996, both CNN and MSNBC were already on the air; CNN’s Ted Turner predicted that his network would squash Fox “like a bug.”
Yet by 2002, Fox had overtaken CNN and could fairly claim its self-declared tagline: “The Most Powerful Name In News.”
Everyone remembers that Ailes left Fox under less-than-pleasant circumstances in July 2016, and yet even so, the momentum that he had built has continued to carry the channel forward. In January, Fox celebrated its 15th anniversary as the number one cable network.
Of course, Ailes didn’t do all this by himself.
The biggest star at Fox over the same two decades was Bill O’Reilly, who left the network, also under unpleasant circumstances, earlier this month. O’Reilly was a Fox Original; he was on the air the very first day, October 7, 1996 (although the show was known then as The O’Reilly Report, and it didn’t yet air in prime time).
Like Ailes, O’Reilly was a conservative, albeit of an even more populist persuasion. Indeed, from the first moment that BOR, as he was known internally, called someone a “pinhead,” the world was on notice that his show would be something different—and something very popular.
After all, O’Reilly was first and foremost a TV guy; his roots were in local news and tabloid television—also places that don’t reward complex locutions and polysyllabic words. And also, interestingly, for all his bluster, he never forgot, every night, to thank his audience for watching. It was that tight connection to his audience that made O’Reilly an enduring star.
So here we can see how the personal becomes the political: Born in 1949, O’Reilly was a part of a powerful demographic group; he was a middle-class Irish Catholic from the mid-Atlantic region—specifically, New York’s Long Island. Once upon a time, Irish-Americans had been solidly Democratic. First, it was was Tammany Hall and all the other Democratic political machines in big cities across the country; next, it was Al Smith (the first major-party Catholic presidential candidate) and FDR’s New Deal—all the way.
But then, in 1952, the great hero of World War Two, Republican Dwight Eisenhower, won the votes of many sons and daughters of Eire.
Indeed, after a rhapsodic-then-tragic detour in support of John Fitzgerald Kennedy in 1960, the Irish were inclined to support the presidential candidacies of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, even as they typically retained their Democratic identity in state and local elections. Yet then, in the early 90s, Democrat Bill Clinton won them back to his party.
And so we return, once again, to the dawn of the Fox Era. Now let’s take a closer look at the country—at least its presidential voting patterns—pre-Fox and post-Fox.
II. The Jacksonian Coalition vs. the Yankee Coalition
Nineteen-ninety-two was the last presidential election in which Fox did not play a role. In that year, Bill Clinton trounced George H.W. Bush in an electoral college landslide, 370 to 168. Let’s have a look at the electoral votes, laid out on a map:

As we can readily see, Clinton not only won all but one of the Great Lakes States, but he also did well in the South; he won four of the 11 states of the Old Confederacy. He also won both of the leading coal-mining states, Kentucky and West Virginia.
To put these results another way, in 1992, the Democrats were fully competitive—even dominant—in the Heartland, especially in its northern reaches, up along Lake Michigan.
Then came Ailes, O’Reilly, and the Fox News Channel. Theirs was a populist-nationalism that ordinary people across the country could understand and relate to.
Thanks to FNC, it was no longer possible for the MSM and other scorners to stereotype the Republican Party as just the Chamber of Commerce plus the Moral Majority. Thanks to Fox, newer issues—anti-political correctness, crime, jihad— gained salience on the national stage. It was these newer issues, moving beyond the flat tax and Social Security privatization, or abortion and school prayer, that proved compelling to Northerners.
Indeed, thanks to the commonality of Fox, a new kind of virtual community was formed. For the first time in decades, blue collars in Pittsburgh were on the same political wavelength as blue collars in Nashville. That is, Pennsylvanians and Tennesseans together could see honest but sympathetic journalism about cops, soldiers, and ordinary folks—without the usual smugness, even hostility, of the MSM. Why, Fox fans could even meet each other on vacation in Branson, Missouri, the holiday nexus of the emerging Fox Nation.
And of course, long before he was a presidential candidate, Donald Trump was a regular on Fox.
Okay, so now to 2016. As we can gather from the electoral college map below, Republican Donald Trump reversed Bill Clinton’s strength in the Great Lakes; whereas Bill Clinton had won six of those seven states in ‘92, Trump won five of seven against Hillary Clinton in ’16. In addition, Trump solidified much of the South; he won the four states that Bush 41 had lost, although Virginia, increasingly dominated by the suburbs of Washington, DC, went the other way. And of course, Trump won Kentucky and West Virginia. Let’s have a look:

So we can see: To win in 2016, Trump vastly strengthened the Republican grip on the heartland, while Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, even as they were losing, managed to retain their grip on the bulk of the Northeast and the West Coast.
To consider the 2016 election results another way, we can examine the demographic underpinnings of the balloting. And these underpinnings can be stated simply: Trump united Southern white Protestants and Northern Catholics in the same political armada.  
Thus we can see: Trump brought the O’Reilly constituency of Northern Catholics, which had wandered off to vote for Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, back into the Republican fold. As the 2010 and 2014 midterm elections had demonstrated, energized Republicans, nationwide, were mobilizing for big victories. And yet at the presidential level, those same GOP voters were waiting for a Republican candidate who was more Bill O’Reilly than Mitt Romney.   That is, a populist, not a plutocrat. And that O’Reilly-esque candidate, of course, was Trump.
To be sure, Trump didn’t win all Northern Catholics. He was mostly blanked in New England, even as he won most of the Midwest, plus Pennsylvania.
And of course, even in the states she won, Hillary Clinton didn’t win all the Catholics. In Massachusetts, for example, Trump won nearly 1.1 million votes; that total might provide a rough estimate of the number of Fox fans in the Bay State.
Interestingly, this coalition of Northern Catholics and Southern white Protestants has a long and important political history. In fact, this particular North-South alliance was first forged by one of Trump’s heroes, Andrew Jackson, our seventh president, way back in 1828. Let’s have a look at the electoral college map for that year:

Obviously much has changed in the last two centuries—starting with the fact that, back then, the US consisted of just 22 states. Moreover, the political parties themselves have changed: Jackson won as the leader of the Democratic Party, while Adams ran as a National Republican, that being a forerunner to the Republican Party, which was not founded until 1854.
Yet we can observe: The names of the candidates, and their party labels, may change, but the interests of peoples and regions remain far more steady. That is, Southerners tend to look at the world one way, and New Englanders (then and now, mostly Protestant, at least by background) tend to see it another way. And politically speaking, Catholics find themselves somewhere in between Southern and Northern Protestants.
Andrew Jackson himself was a Southerner, but with the help of a wily Northern political strategist, Martin Van Buren, Old Hickory managed to pull together a trans-regional coalition, composed of Southern whites and Northern Catholics, that won the 1828 election in a landslide against John Quincy Adams. (In those days, of course, Southern blacks, being enslaved, couldn’t vote; if they could have voted, they would undoubtedly have been for Adams, thus making the election far closer.) And then, four years later, in 1832, Jackson won a second landslide victory.
Thus was established the Jacksonian Coalition.
Now one might ask: What, exactly, did those two blocs, North and South, have in common? Answer: Not a whole lot, other than a shared antipathy to the policies and personalities of Yankee Protestants—and that was enough.
Not surprisingly, the hostility was mutual. In 1828, the Adams campaign labeled Jackson as the son of a prostitute, a bigamist, and a war criminal; meanwhile, his Southern supporters were labeled as ignorant rustics, and his Northern supporters as “Papists.”
Today, two centuries later, not that much has changed. In 2016, Hillary Clinton repeatedly slammed Trump (he, of course, responded in kind), and then, most notoriously, she referred to his supporters as a “basket of deplorables.”
Needless to say, O’Reilly and Fox closely covered Clinton’s “deplorables” comment—as did, of course, other, even newer, media outlets. Thus we can see that right-of-center media played a key role in knitting together a common Trumpian consciousness.
The bottom line for 2016 is that the Deplorable Jacksonians, North and South, were back together. Yes, the party labels have flipped; the Jacksonians, once Democrats, and are now Republicans, while the Yankees, once Republicans (or proto-Republicans), are now Democrats. But the dynamic of regional rivalries is much the same.
In the meantime, if we take another look at that 1828 map, we can see that the electoral wins for Jackson’s opponent that year, Adams, were almost entirely confined to New England, the hub of Yankee Protestantism. And of course, we know that in 2016, Hillary Clinton, too, won New England overwhelmingly. So again, we see a continuity: From Adams to Clinton, New England is typically on the other side of the Jacksonian Coalition. We can dub these anti-Jacksonians the Yankee Coalition.
Of course, in 2016, Clinton did well with other demographic groups, too. Most notably, she won big among African-Americans and Hispanics. And that’s why Clinton carried states with large black populations, such as Illinois, as well as states with large Hispanic populations, such as California.
Yet even though the contemporary Democratic coalition is far larger than just New England, we can observe that the Democrats’ intellectual heart is still with the Yankees, including such citadels as Harvard and Yale—so let’s stick with Yankee Coalition.
So there we have it: on one side, the Jacksonian Coalition of Southern white Protestants and Northern Catholics, and on the other, the Yankee Coalition, of New Englanders, people of color, and others who comprise all the little blue dots—oftentimes, college towns—across the country.
Today, the Jacksonized Republican Party is vastly stronger than it was 25 years ago. And Ailes and O’Reilly deserve a lot of credit for that.
So what will now happen to Fox, now that both of them are gone?   And what will happen to the Jacksonian Coalition,?
III. What’s Next for Fox, Post-Ailes, Post-O’Reilly
It’s hard to predict the future; the best thing to do is wait and see what transpires.
But for those who can’t wait, some clues might be found in a canny April 20 article in The Hollywood Reporter by Michael Wolff. For many years now, Wolff has been a leading chronicler of the news business, including Fox News; he even wrote a well-sourced and well-regarded book about Rupert Murdoch, the big boss of Fox’s parent company. Yet Murdoch, who hired Ailes two decades ago to start the news channel, is now 86.
And so the torch is being passed to a new generation—specifically, to Rupert’s younger son, James Murdoch. By all accounts, the younger Murdoch was the driving force behind the departure of both Ailes and O’Reilly and plans further changes, too.
So when Wolff headlines his latest piece, “It’s James Murdoch’s Fox News Now,” attention must be paid. And we can be sure that the reunited Jacksonian Coalition, who bulk up the Fox audience, will be paying particularly close attention to the outlet that helped bring them together again. Will Fox still be a binding force for these folks in the future? Stay tuned.
We don’t exactly how Fox will change in the years to come, but Wolff is clear about one thing: Change is coming. Big change.



ARTICLE

Thank you for standing with Planned Parenthood, @Sen_JoeManchin! #StandWithPP pic.twitter.com/oglnoDYiF1
— PP South Atlantic WV (@PPSATWV) April 19, 2017

The West Virginia Democrat appeared in a photo, tweeted by Planned Parenthood South Atlantic West Virginia, standing behind a poster that states, “I stand with Planned Parenthood.”
The tweet immediately drew the ire of national pro-life leaders who in the past have counted Manchin among members of Congress who support the rights of the unborn.
“Sen. Manchin used to call himself pro-life, but this is the last straw,” said Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser, adding that her organization “will work tirelessly in the months ahead to make sure West Virginians know of this profound betrayal of the unborn and their mothers.”
The national director of Priests for Life, Father Frank Pavone, also reacted, telling Breitbart News: “Would that Sen. Manchin spoke plainly about what ‘standing by Planned Parenthood’ means! Instead of following the bad example of his Democratic colleagues, who want to support abortion without talking about abortion, Sen. Manchin should stay on the pro-life path and tell his constituents what Planned Parenthood actually does and doesn’t do.”
Pavone added that his organization’s StopAbortionNow.org campaign would inform West Virginians of Manchin’s change in position.
“West Virginians supported President Trump last November and will face a choice next year as to whether to re-elect Sen. Manchin,” Pavone continued. “We have already communicated through Priests for Life to all the churches of West Virginia that Planned Parenthood needs to be defunded and that they need to let Sen. Manchin know where they stand on this before they make their voting decisions in the midterm elections.”
As a candidate for the presidency, Republican Donald Trump outlined four policy commitments in a letter to pro-life leaders:
As the Charleston Gazette-Mail reported, Manchin has raised about $235,000 for his 2018 re-election campaign in the first quarter of the year, but only $7,900 is derived from sources within his home state.
“Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., has received more money from individual donors in Texas ($95,600), Washington D.C. ($33,000), New York ($32,300), Massachusetts ($22,500), Virginia ($19,700), Maryland ($10,700) and Connecticut ($10,400) than West Virginia,” states the report.
Dannenfelser observed that Planned Parenthood is “the nation’s largest abortion business.”
“It is an enormous mistake both morally and politically for Sen. Manchin to side with Planned Parenthood,” she added, continuing, “In more than nine times out of ten, Planned Parenthood resolves pregnancy with abortion. They are clearly an abortion-centered, profit-driven business – yet taxpayers are forced to fork over nearly $554 million each year to their coffers. Where does Sen. Manchin stand on this injustice? Last month, he voted to force states to fund the abortion giant through Title X grants. That was only a day after new footage was released showing a former Planned Parenthood abortionist describe the force needed to dismember a five-month-old unborn child struggling to survive in the womb.”
Planned Parenthood performs at least 300,000 abortions every year. The group has been using political muscle to bolster its image in the wake of videos released that led to allegations it sells the body parts of aborted babies for a profit. The allegations led to multiple congressional investigations. Ultimately, the Senate Judiciary Committee and the House Select Investigative Panel have referred Planned Parenthood Federation of America, several of the largest Planned Parenthood affiliates in the country, and three of their business associates in the fetal tissue procurement industry, to the FBI and U.S. Department of Justice for criminal prosecution.
“The Democratic Party is, no doubt, putting pressure here on a senator who has in many instances been an exception to the rule and has taken pro-life positions,” Pavone said.
“I urge him to resist this pressure, to be honest with himself and his constituents,” he added, “and to let the people of West Virginia know the facts about Planned Parenthood so that they, in turn, can let him know whether they think he should support this criminal, child-killing enterprise, which is more a political machine than a health organization.”
A recent Marist poll found that 61 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion, including 40 percent of those who say they are “pro-choice” and 41 percent of Democrats.



ARTICLE
According to initial reports, the employee allegedly struck a mother carrying a baby with her stroller by accident, narrowly missing the baby.  The woman was left in tears, and according to multiple witnesses was not apologized to. The video posted to social media does not include this event, instead showing another passenger’s reaction, which was to leave his seat while pointing his finger and saying, “You do that to me, and I will knock you flat!”
Watch the video here:

Tense moments btwn passengers and crew member on an American Airlines plane. At 10p, more from DFW on what happened. @wfaachannel8 pic.twitter.com/koXNOLDiZs
— Bradley Blackburn (@BLBlackburn) April 22, 2017

Multiple other videos show the aftermath of the incident.

@AmericanAir flt attendant just violently took stroller from woman w baby. Hitting her. AA 591. TERRIBLE. pic.twitter.com/Qg9CRnnLzr
— ⚡️urain (@surain) April 21, 2017

American Airlines immediately released a statement on the incident, in sharp contrast to United Airlines’ handling of their recent violent removal of a customer from a flight. In the statement, American states that the mother and her family have been booked on another flight with upgraded status, and the employee has been removed from duty.
Here is the text of their statement in full:

American Airlines’ comment on Flight 591




ARTICLE
Alireza Jafarzadeh, the deputy director of NCRI’s Washington office, presented the findings in a presentation covered by major media outlets. He said the People’s Mojahedin Organization’s network within Iran acquired the information.
“We are talking about an extensive covert operation by the Iranian regime,” Jafarzadeh said. “Our information shows that their activities have been continuing in full gear despite the JCPOA,” he said using the acronym for the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the formal name for the nuclear deal.
“The engineering unit that is charged and tasked with actually building the bomb in a secret way for the Iranian regime is called the Organization of Defensive Innovation and Research,” Jafarzadeh said. It is known by its Persian acronym SPND (which is Sazman-e Pazhouheshhaye Novin-e Defa’i in Farsi). It has seven subdivisions, each of which carries out a certain portion of Iran’s nuclear program.

“Not only has remained in place and active, it is now clear that in some fields its activities have even expanded,” Jafarzadeh said. The SPND was first exposed by NCRI in 2011 and was designated by the State Department three years later because it “took over some of the activities related to Iran’s undeclared nuclear program.”
IRGC Brig. Gen. Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi directs SPND. He is reportedly described as the AQ Khan of Iran.
On Tuesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated, in a letter addressed to House Speaker Paul Ryan, that Iran has remained complaint with the 2015 nuclear deal. In that same letter, Tillerson noted, “Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terror, through many platforms and methods.”
Asked by a member of the media about a potential conflict in light of Friday’s revelation, Jafarzadeh said the letter did not contradict NCRI’s findings. Tillerson’s statement “does not mean that this is a clean bill of health for the nuclear program of Iran,” he said. “It just means that the kind of things that they’ve been monitoring, only things they have been monitoring, that they have been in compliance.”
Jafarzadeh said NCRI shared the information presented to the media with the U.S. government in the last few days.
On Thursday, President Donald Trump accused the Iranian regime of cheating on the nuclear agreement during a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentilioni: “They are not living up to the spirit of the agreement; I can tell you that.”
The MEK (Mojahedin-e-Khalq), which is NCRI’s presence in Iran, first exposed SPND in July 2011 in D.C. Jafarzadeh said the group’s findings were mentioned in the IAEA report in November of that same year. In August 2014, the State Department designated SPND under executive order 13228 in their involvement in proliferation.
However, according to Jafarzadeh, the IAEA has not yet received access to SPND or any of the other sites where Iran’s true, and illegal, nuclear development is allegedly taking place.
Jafarzadeh noted that NCRI’s satellite imagery was also focused on the Parchin military base. Parchin and other facilities were deemed “off-limits” to IAEA inspectors. These locations were the sites where the Iranian regime had previously developed its nuclear program, and it is believed the Iranian regime is using the Parchin site to develop their nuclear weapons program covertly. The Parchin facility is a large military complex that is controlled by Iran’s defense ministry. It consists of 12 different sections and complexes, each of which is called a Tarh or “plan.”

The pictures presented on Friday also showed an area located to the north of the Parchin military base: a newly-constructed site known as “Plan 6” which is allegedly a subdivision of SPND, known as METFAZ (the Center for Research and Expansion of Technologies on Explosions and Impact or Markaz-Etahghighat va Tose’e Fanavari-e-Enfa in Farsi). According to the report, METFAZ is working with “high explosives” in ways that are identical to “possible military dimensions” that Americans and other Western officials have suggested Iran is covertly pursuing in its nuclear program.
The MEK had originally exposed original METFAZ location in September 2009. The location is known as the “Research Academy” to insiders. (In Farsi, it is referred to as Pazhouheshkadeh or Tahghighat).
According to Friday’s report, large portions of METFAZ activities are carried out at Iran’s Sanjarian site and then transferred to the Research Academy which is situated within the Parchin nuclear site.
Jafarzadeh said, “it’s imperative that these sites get inspected.” Specifically, he called for inspections on the Nour building (which is SPND HQ), the Mojdeh site (SPND), METFAZ at Khojir, Nouri industries at Khojir and the Research Academy at Parchin.
“What we are arguing is that we should not limit ourselves to the scope of the activities going on in terms of monitoring,” Jafarzadeh said. “We need to look at the bigger picture.” He noted that the elements Tehran was hiding were actually the activities of the seven components of SPND.
Under the JCPOA agreement, uranium enrichment research and development activities are permitted to take place exclusively at the Natanz facility at no more than 5,060 centrifuges for the next eight years.
“The real issue is not Natanz,” Jafarzadeh said. “The real issue is not Fordo anymore. The 600-pound gorilla in the room is the weaponization part; that’s the concern that the U.S. government has right now.” He added, “Let’s keep the focus on the real deal, go to these sites we mentioned, and talk to the experts we mentioned.”
Jafarzadeh added that the focus from day one should have been on following up on the source of enriched uranium that was found during one of the IAEA’s visits to Iran’s Parchin facility before it was deemed “off limits.” He asked, “Where’s the follow up? What’s the source of that uranium contamination? This is where the full focus should have been from day one, not on counting the centrifuges.”
He noted, “the nuclear program of Iran is not a peaceful program. The way the program was created from day one was a secret, covert nuclear weapons program run by the military, the IRGC… And it remains as such.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
Saturday’s March for Science calls for “robustly funded” science and “political leaders and policy makers to enact evidence based policies in the public interest.”  But is this just an attempt to dress up the marchers’ political beliefs as science? And what do they mean by science?
Fortunately for those who care, there is a remarkable level of agreement in the writings of scientific pioneers such as Francis Bacon, Isaac Newton, and Benjamin Franklin on the nature of the scientific method. That agreement is also reflected in the definition provided by the Oxford English Dictionary.
We have expanded on the established definition and identified eight necessary criteria for a work to be considered useful science. The criteria include objectivity and full disclosure. We expect that most scientists would agree with these criteria as obviously true and important.
The pioneers of science charted the way by describing how to comply with the criteria. To be objective, according to Newton, the study should compare all reasonable hypotheses by using a fair and balanced experimental design.
We have summarized the eight criteria on a one-page checklist (available at guidelinesforscience.com). You can easily refer to it to assess whether something you are looking at is a work of science. By using the checklist, you do not have to depend on an authority to tell you “this is what the science says.” Knowing and agreeing with the criteria in the checklist does not help. To be useful, the checklist must be used.
The checklist is concerned only with the scientific method, so one does not need to be an expert in the field or topic to use it. In fact, experts may have difficulty rating the scientific compliance of works in their own field.  They are likely to be biased against findings that challenge conventional wisdom.
We found that the ratings of raters who did not use the checklist were unreliable. Their ratings differed substantially from those derived using the checklist. When faculty and students raters used the checklist, their ratings were remarkably consistent. The checklist is available at guidelinesforscience.com.
The checklist is badly needed. One cannot rely on the fact that a purported discovery was published in a high-status scientific publication. When we used the checklist to rate papers published in leading scientific journals, we found less than one percent of them to be compliant with the scientific method.
We suggest that you try out the checklist at the March for Science rallies. Show your respect for the scientific method and, as Newton emphasized, be willing to consider alternatives. Be fair in evaluating alternative hypotheses. You have to ask yourself the question, “Can I imagine any evidence that would prove my favored hypothesis is wrong?” If you can’t, you are not approaching the subject with an open mind. You also fail Newton’s criteria for understanding science.
Speakers should comply with science. Listeners should be respectful and request of the speakers, “Please show us that you have complied with science.” It’s not enough for them to say that they have followed the scientific method.
Progress in all fields relies on the scientific method. Science is a never-ending, never-settled process.
Voting has no place in science. Scientific laws always eventually prevail over the political laws created by our elected officials.
The March for Science should not simply be another way for us to express our opinions. It should not be an effort to pressure scientists and voters to agree with us. The scientific method is the best way we have of engaging in factual disputes.
J. Scott Armstrong (jscottarmstrong@upenn.edu ) is a professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Kesten C. Green (kesten.green@unisa.edu.au) teaches managerial economics in the University of South Australia Business School.



ARTICLE
The sources, who are described as being “close to both sides”, say that German Chancellor Angela Merkel last month convinced Mr Trump that talks on a trade deal between the EU and U.S. would be simpler than he thought.
This in turn led to a “realisation” in the White House that an EU trade deal would be more important than a deal with Britain.
The claims come after House Speaker Paul Ryan hinted earlier this week that the infamous TTIP deal could be resurrected.
On a visit to Britain, he told the Policy Exchange think-tank: “Now that Article 50 has been invoked, the UK and EU will determine the best path forward…
“We want the parties to come together and strike a lasting agreement. A strong UK-EU relationship is in all of our best interests.
“In that same vein, the U.S. will continue to work closely with our EU friends and chart a path forward on TTIP negotiations.”
Most commentators believed the deal after Mr Trump’s election as President, especially as one of his first acts was to pull out of the similar Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) between the U.S. and Pacific nations.
In November, the EU effectively admitted defeat over the deal with Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström saying it would make no sense to expect further talks on the issue.
Negotiations had already stalled due to European demands over American product standards and a demand for access to U.S. public sector contracts.
In January, Professor Ted Malloch, who is widely tipped to be President Trump’s pick for ambassador to the EU, also said: “TTIP is a non-starter, it isn’t going to happen in the Trump world.”



ARTICLE
“Former President Barack Obama gently waded back into international politics on Thursday, talking by phone with French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron,” Politico reported.
Macron, who, like Obama, favors France’s remaining in the European Union, is in an almost neck-and-neck race with candidate Marine Le Pen ahead of the first round of French elections on Sunday.
Obama’s spokesman, however, denied that the phone call and Macron’s tweet to the former president following the phone call are an endorsement:

Let’s keep defending our progressive values. Thank you for this discussion @BarackObama. pic.twitter.com/8rhNdHkLo8
— Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) April 20, 2017

“An endorsement was not the purpose of the call, as President Obama is not making any formal endorsement,” Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said.
“The main message I have is to wish you all the best in the coming days, and make sure, as you said, you work hard all the way through—because you never know, it might be that last day of campaigning that makes all the difference,” Obama said in the phone call.
“I will do my best, believe me,” Macron said. “So I will fight to the last minute, and we will keep in touch, and our teams will realize and organize a new contact and see how to work together if I’m getting to the run-off.”
The Hill reported that Macron initiated the call.
Lewis said:
President Obama appreciated the opportunity to hear from Mr. Macron about his campaign and the important upcoming presidential election in France, a country that President Obama remains deeply committed to as a close ally of the United States, and as a leader on behalf of liberal values in Europe and around the world.
On March 29, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC), chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee tasked with investigating whether Russia interfered with the U.S. presidential election last year, warned that Russia is interfering with the French election.
“What we might assess was a very covert effort in 2016 in the United States, is a very overt effort, as well as covert, in Germany and France,” Burr told reporters.
“I remind you that we’re within 30 days of the first French election, with four candidates,” Burr said. “It will go down to two candidates with a runoff in May.”
“I think it’s safe by everybody’s judgment that the Russians are actively involved in the French elections,” Burr said.



ARTICLE
According to the official, the Israeli military was briefed in advance of the U.S. launch of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles against the Al Shayrat Airbase, from which warplanes belonging to the Syrian regime carried out a chemical gas attack.
In the aftermath of the American strike, the U.S. said that Russia too was given forewarning.
“Russian forces were notified in advance of the strike using the established deconfliction line. U.S. military planners took precautions to minimize risk to Russian or Syrian personnel located at the airfield,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said in a statement on April 7.
Syria’s denial that its military was responsible for the attack is ludicrous, the IDF official said. “It’s difficult to imagine that Assad did not know about the attack in advance. And the price he’s paid for it is severe. He’s lost all legitimacy,” he said.
In a 2013 deal brokered by Russia and the U.S., Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons stockpiles. The agreement was inked in the aftermath of a deadly attack on East Ghouta near the capital of Damascus where over 1,400 people were killed, among them more than 400 children.
The official said that the regime removed most of its stockpiles but held onto between one to three tons of the deadly chemical agent Sarin.
According to the official, the death of 100 civilians in the gas attack was the result of the Assad regime’s lack of progress on the ground despite help from Russia, Iran and Hezbollah.
Whereas two years ago, Iran was markedly closer to achieving hegemony in Syria, Russia now has control over much of western Syria. However, the official said, “even with support from the Russians and Hezbollah, Assad cannot control the entire country. His forces are gaining ground in western Syria but it is hard to see him controlling the entire country.”
He noted that it was unlikely the sides will arrive at a political solution to the conflict in the near future.
“The Syria we once knew is gone and will never be again,” he said.



ARTICLE
The report (attached below) issued by ICE Inspector General (IG) John Roth last week details several failures under the previous administration that built a tremendous backlog for deportation officers (DO). Those failures include imbalanced workloads for DOs, unachievable goals, a lack of clear policies and procedures, and insufficient training.
ICE deportation officers work on deporting aliens who are in a detained or non-detained status. This report focuses on the efforts by ICE DOs working with the immigration court’s non-detained docket. The non-detained aliens are considered to be under “supervision,” Roth states in his memorandum dated April 13. His report covers the period where massive numbers of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) and Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) began crossing the borders in 2014. During FY 2014, Border Patrol agents apprehended nearly a half-million illegal border crossers, a 16 percent increase over the previous year and a 34 percent increase over FY 2012, the report states. The surge led to a tremendous increase in workload for ICE DOs charged with detaining, deporting, and supervising these aliens.
As a result, the Obama Administration announced its “Priority Enforcement Program” (PEP) in November 2014 claiming to focus on the removal of certain criminal aliens including those convicted of felonies, multiple misdemeanors, and “significant” misdemeanors (e.g., domestic violence, sexual abuse, and sexual exploitation). It also prioritized aliens who entered, or re-entered, the country illegally and could not prove continuous presence since January 1, 2014. Breitbart Texas Editor-in-Chief Brandon Darby reported on the PEP, calling it “catch and release 2.0.”  Border Patrol agents and sheriff’s across the southwest complained that the Obama Administration placed handcuffs on law enforcement instead of the criminals.
As a result of this failed program, ICE DOs are now supervising more than 2.2 million aliens as of the end of August 2016. Of that number, 368,574 of the aliens are convicted criminals. During FY 2015, the first year of the PEP, ICE DOs removed or returned only 235,413 aliens – including 139,368 convicted criminals.
The ICE OIG report details systematic failures within the organization that creates inefficiencies in capturing and removing “supervised” aliens.
ICE does not collect and analyze data about employee workloads to determine where resources should be applied and apply reasonably achievable caseloads for DOs, the report concludes. Roth continues, stating that ICE failed to provide “well-defined policies and procedures” to its employees. The agency also neglected to communicate the department’s priorities for deportation to its officers.
“These management deficiencies and unresolved obstacles make it difficult for ICE to deport aliens expeditiously,” Roth stated. “ICE is almost certainly not deporting all the aliens who could be deported and will likely not be able to keep up with growing numbers of deportable aliens.”
Case Workload Disparity
Roth cites an imbalance between caseloads assigned to DOs working non-detained aliens and those assigned to supervise detained aliens. He said that despite the different requirements for supervising the two classifications of aliens, ICE could not explain the reasons for manpower assignments in the locations visited during the inspection.
“Many of those working with non-detained aliens reported they had difficulty fulfilling all their responsibilities, such as working with embassies and consulates to obtain travel documents necessary for deportation, interviewing aliens under their supervision, and running criminal checks on aliens in their docket,” Roth wrote in the report. “Yet, ICE has not collected or analyzed workload data to determine the time and effort DOs need to adequately supervise and facilitate the deportation of non-detained aliens. Without workload data, ICE cannot ensure its caseload distribution is balanced and that non-detained workloads are achievable. ICE also cannot measure performance and apply lessons learned to ensure effective and efficient supervision and deportation of aliens.”

“ICE personnel at all four field offices agreed that the workloads of DOs supervising non-detained aliens are unmanageable, yet ICE has not tried to determine what is achievable and what would alleviate the burden,” the IG continued.
The OIG report supports this, stating that DOs are frequently asked to perform “collateral” duties including:
Across the board, Roth reported that DOs report they do not have the time necessary to obtain required travel documents to deport the aliens under their supervision. “According to the DOs, their collateral duties leave them time only to deal with daily scheduled check-in appointments and unscheduled visits by aliens, answer phone calls from aliens, and input new cases into the electronic system,” the report explains. “One DO also reported that because of competing work responsibilities criminal background checks are not conducted every time a non-detained alien checks in with the field office.”
Roth states in the report that ICE management fails to adequately collect data to determine how much staff is needed to handle the non-detained aliens under their supervision.  He continues; explaining that in 2009, ICE did develop a staffing model to reorganize the DOs throughout filed offices. However, the staffing model “has never been used to allocate human resources at field offices.”
Unclear Policies and Procedures Combines with Insufficient Training
Roth’s report points out the agencies failure to adequately communicate its policies or to provide DOs with readily accessible guidelines to assist the DOs in supervising and deporting aliens. “Guidance is often communicated to field office personnel orally or by email, rather than through formal, documented policies and procedures,” the IG report states. “These deficiencies hinder proper supervision of non-detained aliens, including those who may be fugitives or who commit crimes. Field office staff confirmed that ICE’s available policies and procedures did not help them properly manage their non-detained cases.”
The report confirms that the ICE deportation policies and procedures are “outdated and unclear.”
“Officials we interviewed said ICE considers the 2003 Detention and Removal Operations Policy and Procedure Manual (manual) ‘the official guide’ to operations,” Roth explained, “but ICE has not periodically reviewed the manual or revised it since 2008.” He said that rather than properly amend and update the manual, ICE officials would simply “affix a memo to the front of the appropriate chapter” to indicate changes in policies.
Because of the failure to properly manage and communicate policies and changes, ICE field office policies and procedures tended to vary widely from office to office.
The report accuses management providing inadequate training and incomplete documentation of training for DOs. “From July to September 2016, ICE headquarters scheduled non-detained training for all 24 field offices but did not plan for recurring training nor document training attendance to ensure all required staff attended,” Roth stated. “In our opinion, the training did not fully cover all necessary information.”
Complicated Deportations
The report explains complications in attempting to deport aliens to certain countries. It states that for some nations, it is nearly impossible to repatriate foreign nationals.
The report stipulates:
For ICE to deport an alien to his or her home country, the country must agree to repatriation. As of August 2016, ICE had identified 23 “uncooperative” countries to which it generally cannot deport aliens. To help deport aliens to these countries ICE may request diplomatic intervention by the Department of State, which determines whether and what action to take against the country. ICE officials also said that some countries, such as China, Bangladesh, and India, restrict the number of aliens for whom they will issue travel documents and accept for repatriation. Finally, ICE has identified 62 countries that are cooperative, but with which it has experienced delays in obtaining required travel documents. Deporting aliens to these 62 countries also requires more time and effort working with embassies and consulates to obtain travel documents and approval for alien repatriation.
In July 2016, Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) introduced a bill to provide remedies for countries that refuse to accept the deportation of their citizens, Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick reported. The measure is similar to legislation filed by Representative Ted Poe (R-TX) that called for restricting diplomatic visas to countries that deny or unreasonably delay the repatriation of their citizens subject to deportation from the U.S.
“The bill would require that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) establish procedures to determine whether a foreign country systematically and unreasonably refuses or delays the repatriation of nationals who are in the United States, and have been convicted of a felony or crime of violence, or are a threat to national security or public safety,” a statement from the Senator Cornyn’s office reported. “Once it has been established that a country meets this criteria, DHS and the State Department would then notify their government that the United States may deny visas to their citizens.”
That same month, the Center for Immigration Studies’ Jessica Vaughn reported that nearly 1,000,000 illegal aliens ignored deportation orders from an immigration judge, including nearly 200,000 criminal aliens. Her report confirms the refusal of countries to accept repatriation as one of the primary causes contributing to the hi number of non-removals by ICE.
Report Conclusions:
Roth’s report concludes with a statement indicating inadequacies in ICE’s management of the agency’s deportation operations. “These weaknesses are hampering ICE’s ability to adequately supervise aliens awaiting immigration hearings, as well as efforts to deport those who should be deported, including some convicted criminals,” the IG concluded. “Factors beyond ICE’s control may virtually prohibit www.oig.dhs.gov 9 OIG-17-51 OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security deportation to some countries. In general, however, a more organized, diligent, and complete approach to management would help ICE deport aliens expeditiously and keep up with growing numbers of aliens who should be deported.”
The report, attached below, lists a series of recommendations:
Recommendation 1: Comprehensively review, revise, update, and maintain ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations policies, procedures, and guidance to address gaps and outdated information.
Recommendation 2: Comprehensively review Deportation Officer functions at field offices to determine staffing allocations for non-detained units and identify appropriately sized caseloads for Deportation Officers working with nondetained aliens.
Recommendation 3: Based on a completed comprehensive review, develop a plan to identify and implement appropriate staffing of Deportation Officers.
Recommendation 4: Develop a standardized training curriculum for all current and future Deportation Officers, including recurrent refresher training courses for docket review and detained and non-detained case management.
Recommendation 5: Collaborate with the Department of State to identify potential mechanisms to address issues that hinder deportation efforts.
ICE officials concurred with all five recommendations contained in the report, Roth stated. Management states they have begun implementing changes to correct the identified weaknesses.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.
ICE OIG Report on Deportation Operations — 13APR17
 



ARTICLE
As Breitbart News noted last year, U.S. Magistrate Judge Ralph Zarefsky recommended that the state be sanctioned because the California Department of Fish and Wildlife had destroyed potentially exculpatory evidence.
The company involved, formerly known as Greka Oil & Gas Inc., and now known as HVI Cat Canyon Inc. (HVI-CC), had been accused of spilling oil and “produced water” at its leases near Santa Barbara, where it produced organic tar.
While most companies fold when faced with enforcement action by the state and federal governments, HVI stood its ground. In the ensuring court battle, it emerged that California officials disregarded a “litigation hold” and destroyed data
In his ruling on HVI’s request to be compensated for attorney’s fees, the special master reviewing the case wrote: “The State should have come forward promptly to admit the problem and to recommend solutions. Instead, HVI had to scratch and dig, confer and ponder to determine the nature and extent of the spoliation and resultant damage. … Time was of the essence.”
After further review of the state’s request to have the fees reduced, the special master, retired judge William McCurine, awarded the full $956,783 that HVI had requested. The court also rejected the state’s request to have the fees withheld until the end of the litigation, which HVI did not succeed in having dismissed.
In another controversy emerging from the case, an EPA official was alleged to have made a racist, homophobic threat against HVI executives, suggesting they would be raped in prison by “Leroy.”
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Sessions and Kelly joined Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) as they continued their joint tour of border communities to address the crisis in immigration enforcement. The two members of Trump’s cabinet met privately with delegations including family members of those murdered by illegals and Remembrance Project leaders in recent months.
Maria Espinoza, Co-Founder and National Director of the Remembrance Project, was thrilled by the change in direction she heard at the press conference, telling Breitbart News:
These joint press conference in indicative of the dedication and commitment America will enjoy with America’s new era – the Trump Era!  We had the high honor of having separate and private meetings with U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly.  We went away knowing that our country is in excellent hands, and we are encouraged to work with even more vigor to protect our families. Our 2014 meeting with [former Homeland Security Secretary] Jeh Johnson and former Attorney General Holder was a stark contrast.  And that’s a travesty.  But now, Americans are finally the priority in America!
Ruth Johnson-Martin is what the Remembrance Project calls an “angel wife,” someone whose husband was killed by an illegal alien. Her late husband, Police Officer Don Johnston, was shot and paralyzed during a 1990 bank robbery and later died from his injuries. She also attended Friday’s press conference. “The Remembrance Project is here in San Diego showing our full support,” she told Breitbart News. She too was encouraged by the change in leadership, adding:
Illegal immigration is a serious issue in the State of California and many American families have lost loved ones to criminal acts committed by illegal aliens and refugees. Many families like mine have suffered in silence, but that is no longer the case with President Trump, AG Sessions and Secretary Kelly we now have a voice!
The joint press conference, the second Kelly and Sessions have held this week, is part of an effort to promote their measures to bring the long-troublesome southern border under control. At the first conference in El Paso, for example, Kelly reconfirmed that the border wall will be “essential.” Sessions, for his part, began the process of withdrawing funds from so-called “sanctuary” jurisdictions like California.
The Remembrance Project delegation, for one, is exuberant at the progress. “I am thrilled to pieces that finally, after eight long years, we finally have an administration that will enforce the law,” said Betty Robinson of Remembrance Project California.



ARTICLE
The foreign citizens will be required to go back home if Kelly agrees with an internal recommendation against renewing the Haitians’ temporary visas by their expiration date of July 22, according to USA Today.
The visas, dubbed “Temporary Protected Status,” were granted to the Haitians 2010 by former President Barack Obama, after an earthquake hit the undeveloped island. Since then, Haitians’ TPS status has been extended multiple times by DHS, which also stopped repatriating illegal alien to Haiti in 2010.
However, DHS officials began returning Haitian illegal aliens home in 2016, giving Kelly a Democratic precedent to end the TPS extensions. “Removal flights from the United States to Haiti have now resumed,” Obama’s DHS secretary, Jeh Johnson, said in a November 2016 statement. “In the last several weeks ICE has removed over 200 Haitian nationals and plans to significantly expand removal operations in the coming weeks.”
According to USA Today:
James McCament, acting director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, concluded in a letter last week that conditions in Haiti have improved enough to end “temporary protected status” for Haitians, according to a copy of the letter obtained by USA TODAY… McCament proposed an extension to January to allow for a “period of orderly transition” but said the program should not be extended beyond then…
McCament said Haiti has not completely recovered from the earthquake, but enough progress has been made. He said the Obama administration started sending some Haitians home in 2016…
The U.S. is currently giving protection to those from 13 countries: El Salvador, Guinea, Haiti, Honduras, Liberia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, South Sudan, Syria and Yemen
Overall, roughly 300,000 foreigners are living — and many are working — in the United States because they have gotten repeated extensions of TPS status. For example, in 2016, Obama extended TPS for 60,000 Hondurans who got the status in 1998 because of an earthquake in their home country. Many Liberians who were given TPS in 1991 now have a different form of visa which allows them to remain in the United States until November 2017.
TPS status for six national groups will expire in 2017. TPS for people from seven additional countries — including Somalia and Yemen — will expire in 2018.
Each year, 4 million Americans turn 18 and enter the workforce, where they face job competition from roughly 1 million new temporary contract workers and 1 million legal immigrants, and from roughly 30 million unemployed working-age Americans. But business groups want the government to keep importing additional customers and new, lower-wage workers.
Haitian activists say their home country is still too poor to accept the return of the 50,000 Haitians. “Haiti is nowhere near ready to have anybody back – we just got hit by [Hurricane] Matthew,” said Nadine Dorcena, an aid worker at the Haitian Multi-Service Center Of Catholic Charities, in Dorchester, Mass.  She continued:

To me, in my personal opinion, Haitian people are a group of proud folks. If our country had provided the resources for them, they would stay home. The fact is that there is insecurity, there are no jobs, you have kids done with school and they have no hope of continuing or doing anything for the future, there are no jobs provided… [and we] keep getting hit with natural disasters.

Democrat legislators and some GOP politicians want the DHS to extend the Haitians’ TPS status, said USA Today: “The recommendation upset Republican and Democratic members of Congress who have pleaded with Kelly to extend the protections… ‘Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the world and right now it’s unable to support the roughly 50,000 Haitians that are currently receiving protected status here in the U.S.,’ Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., said Thursday.”
 



ARTICLE
The April 20 attack on a police patrol on the Champs Élysées illustrates this perfectly in light of the fact that the alleged attacker–Karim Cheurfi–was previously jailed for shooting at officers with a .38 Special revolver. The Daily Mail reports that Cheurfi was imprisoned “in 2005 for trying to kill two policemen” and wounding a third person with the revolver.
On Thursday he allegedly used a Kalashnikov to kill two officers. He was then shot dead, and upon searching his car, police discovered more weapons, “including a pump action shotgun.”
The University of Sydney’s GunPolicy.org describes French gun laws as “restrictive,” yet they were powerless to stop Cheurfi, just as they offered no hindrance to the 17-year-old who entered the Alexis de Tocqueville high school in Grasse mid-March and opened fire. Despite universal background checks–“which [consider] criminal, mental health and [physical] health” issues–The Local reports the 17-year-old was able to enter the school carrying “a revolver, a pistol, a hunting rifle and two grenades.”
Consider the November 13, 2015, terror attack on unarmed Parisians. In that attack, multiple terrorists opened fire with AK-47, or Kalashnikov-style, rifles. They killed 130 innocents. The universal background checks were not a hindrance, and the rest of the French gun laws were powerless to prevent the attack.
It is important to note that A Review of French Gun Laws (2012) shows that the background check in France is an ongoing process rather than a one time event. Such checks entail acquiring and maintaining “an active shooting club [membership]” and going to the range “at least three times a year.” They also include “seeing a doctor every year,” who declares one “physically and mentally capable of owning a firearm,” and filling out various pieces of paperwork as well.
Yet 130 innocents were gunned down on November 13, 2015.
And we cannot overlook the January 7, 2015, attack on Charlie Hebdo headquarters. Twelve innocents–including two police officers–were gunned down by armed terrorists who were not hindered by strict gun control.
French police unions responded to the Charlie Hebdo attack by explaining that gun control simply was not working for them; they could not continue to walk the streets of Paris presuming that terrorists would not acquire arms. The Associated Press reported that the police unions demanded “more” guns and “heavier” guns, as well as “protective gear, better training for first-responders, and more legal tools to guard against terrorists.”
Gun control reduces law-abiding citizens’ ability to defend themselves and places police officers at a marked disadvantage. On the other hand, it poses no hindrance to determined terrorists who target citizens and police officers alike.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
“The Justice Department is committed to protecting our nation’s national security and will aggressively pursue denaturalization of known or suspected terrorists,” declared Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
“We will protect our national security and our borders, and when we identify individuals tied to foreign terrorist organizations who procured their U.S. citizenship by fraud, we will initiate denaturalization proceedings — whether you reside here or abroad — and ensure you are denied entry into the United States,” he added.
The defendant, 57-year-old Egyptian-born naturalized American citizen Khaled Abu al-Dahab, is also a “confessed member” of the terrorist group Egyptian Islamic Jihad (EIJ), notes DOJ in the press release announcing the judge’s decision.
While he was supposed to be establishing good moral character to become a naturalized American citizen, as mandated by U.S. law, Dahab was operating a communications hub for EIJ jihadists out of his apartment in California that assisted the group in carrying out terrorist attacks in Egypt and Pakistan, reveals the Trump administration.
The Egyptian jihadist conceded that he “received military-style training and taught foreign fighters to fly hang gliders in preparation for terrorist attack” at a training camp near Jalalabad, the capital of eastern Afghanistan’s Nangarhar province, located along the Pakistan border, notes DOJ.
Dahab reportedly facilitated the distribution of fraudulent passports, documents, money, and other items among EIJ terrorists.
He also admitted to authorities that he recruited American Muslims into the al-Qaeda jihadist group during the 12 years he spent in California after entering the United States in 1986 on a nonimmigrant visitor visa.
DOJ revealed:
Al-Dahab told the investigators that Osama bin Laden was eager to recruit American citizens of Middle Eastern descent because their U.S. passports could be used to facilitate international travel by al Qaeda terrorists, and that bin Laden personally congratulated him for this work. Al-Dahab was naturalized as a U.S. citizen on Feb. 7, 1997. Upon departing the United States sometime in 1998, al-Dahab was arrested by Egyptian authorities. He was tried, convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison for terrorism related offenses.
The Trump administration has identified the defendant as a Silicon Valley car salesman known by various aliases.
“Due in part to alleged false statements and false testimony related to the defendant’s applications for citizenship, the government seeks revocation of the defendant’s naturalization and cancellation of his Certificate of Naturalization as both illegally procured and procured by willful misrepresentation or concealment of material facts,” argued DOJ before the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, court documents.
DOJ further explains:
[Dahab] illegally procured his citizenship on account of his false written statements and testimony during his naturalization proceedings regarding his current and past addresses; employment history; travel outside the United States; marital history; prior false testimony; prior claims of U.S. citizenship; commission of crimes for which he had not been arrested; and membership in or association with EIJ, as well as his affiliation with an organization that advocated terrorism.
On Wednesday, Chief Judge Beryl A. Howell granted the administration’s request to strip Dahab of his citizenship.
Howell’s opinion granting the Trump administration’s request stressed that naturalization is a privilege, not a right.
The Immigration and Nationality Act grants the government the authority to revoke a naturalized American citizen’s citizenship if the naturalization was either procured illegally, obtained by concealing material facts, or by willful misrepresentation.
Dahab has refused to respond to the accusations, note the court documents.
Nevertheless, Judge Howell ordered Dahab to:
Immediately surrender and deliver his Certificate of Naturalization and any other indicia of United States citizenship, as well as any copies thereof in his possession, and to make good faith efforts to recover and then surrender any copies thereof that he knows are in the possession of others, to the Attorney General, or his representative, including counsel for the United States in this action.
Dahab married at least three times after entering the United States in 1986, obtaining Legal Permanent Resident (LPR) status and ultimately becoming a naturalized American citizen through his marriages.



ARTICLE
“It has become abundantly clear that Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the Trump administration are basing their law enforcement policies on principles of white supremacy — not American values,” de León said in a statement. “Their constant and systematic targeting of diverse cities and states goes beyond constitutional norms and will be challenged at every level.”
Sen. de León’s comments come after the Department of Justice warned the state of California that it could lose $20 million in criminal justice grants should it fail to enforce policies under the new administration’s immigration crackdown.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has repeatedly warned localities protecting illegals from deportation, known as “sanctuary cities,” that they risk losing federal funding should they fail to comply with federal immigration law. The administration is also publishing a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal aliens residing in sanctuary cities.
On a visit to the southern border on Friday, Sessions described de León’s claim as “kind of extremist statement that I totally reject,” urging jurisdictions such as California and New York to “reconsider” their position.
Meanwhile, Californian Assemblyman James Gallagher (R-Yuba) ridiculed it as a “ridiculous statement.”
“Nobody here is talking about the state becoming an immigration agency or doing ICE’s job for them. It’s about whether you comply with federal law,” Gallagher told The LA Times.
In February this year, de León revealed that “half [his] family are here illegally” under false documents and would be eligible for deportation under government policy. He then went on to push legislation making California a “Sanctuary State,” which prohibits state law enforcement agencies in California from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.

Earlier this month, Senate Bill 54, known as the “sanctuary state” bill, passed by a 27-12 majority along party lines.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com 



ARTICLE
From the New York Times:
From Mr. Trump’s “buy American, hire American” rallying cry in Wisconsin this week to Vice President Mike Pence’s warnings to Japan and South Korea about the need to rewrite trade deals, the Trump administration is moving against free trade on multiple fronts. A senior White House official said there would be two trade-related events a week for the next few weeks.
“He’s manically focused on these trade issues,” said Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s chief strategist.
The flurry of activity amounts to a comeback by nationalists like Mr. Bannon, who views trade as crucial to Mr. Trump’s populist appeal but whose star has dimmed after clashes with globalist-minded aides like Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, and Gary D. Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs banker and lifelong Democrat who is head of the National Economic Council.
The outcome of the debate between nationalists and globalists remains far from settled. Last week the globalists appeared to be winning when the administration decided not to formally designate China a currency manipulator, despite Mr. Trump’s vow to do so during the campaign. Mr. Trump also offered President Xi Jinping of China other concessions on his trade agenda in return for China’s help in curbing North Korea’s nuclear program.
Read the rest here.



ARTICLE
With that in mind, it seems seems fitting to let White House press secretary Sean Spicer–himself a longtime veteran of Republican electioneering—have the first word.  As he said in his Wednesday briefing:
This is a district that was very close on the presidential level last cycle, and the Democrats went all-in on this.  They were clear going into this election.  They said that their goal was to get over 50 percent. They came up short.  They lost. And the reaction has somewhat been, you know, that they almost won.  No, they lost.  They made very clear what their goal was in this race.  They spent $8.3 million and threw everything including the kitchen sink into at it and lost.
Spicer is correct that the Democrats had high hopes for Georgia 6—hopes that were not quite dashed, but also not realized.
Yes, Democrat Jon Ossoff won 48 percent of the vote, which is ten points more than the Democratic candidate won in the same district last November, when the GOP candidate was Tom Price, now Trump’s Secretary of Health and Human Services.  So yes, Ossoff was tantalizingly close to winning outright, thus becoming a US Congressman.  Yet, as they say about elections, “Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.”
Instead, Ossoff will now face Republican Karen Handel one-on-one in the June 20 runoff.  Handel trailed far behind Ossoff in the first round of voting, with just shy of 20 percent, but she was in a crowded field, including a number of plausible GOP rivals.
So while Ossoff starts from a strong place, close to 50, Handel still has a good shot; the reality is that all the Republicans running on Tuesday got more votes than  all the Democrats, including Ossoff.  So if Handel can unite her fellow Republicans, she will likely win.
Now five more takeaways:
First, the issues that Trump tweeted about are revealing.  The President hit hard the populist-nationalist themes of his 2016 campaign, and yet he made one interesting, and perhaps revealing, omission. Here’s one presidential tweet, from April 17:
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressional race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
And here’s another:
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress.  VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO.
And after the voting, Trump added:
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG “R” win with runoff in Georgia.  Glad to be of help!
And also:
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
We might pause over the issues that Trump hit in these tweets: crime, illegal immigration, jobs, taxes, outside big money (Ossoff raised some $10 million, with perhaps 95 percent of it coming from outside his district), and, of course, “FAKE media.”  And oh yes, the “culture war” angle of Hollywood vs. Georgia (Ossoff hasn’t done much in his life, but he has been a documentary filmmaker, one of his clients being Al-Jazeera; for most Americans, that’s not such a great credential).
Obviously, it would be just fine with Trump if the runoff were on those familiar populist-nationalist themes.
Yet at the same time, we might note the absence of the healthcare issue from Trump’s tweet-repertoire.  This absence is especially striking, as health care is the domestic issue with which his young administration has been most associated. In fact, the repeal-Obamacare effort has been spearheaded by the same Secretary Price, formerly the Georgia 6 Congressman.   And yet it would appear that Team Trump didn’t see health care as a good issue for the GOP in the special election.  More on that point further on.
Second, let’s take a closer look at the Democrats.  It’s fair to say that the Dems are nervous.  They thought that Ossoff had a real chance to get over 50, and thus win the seat—but he didn’t.  So now, having let their grasp exceed their grip, Democrats are feeling deflated, expectations-game-wise.
As Politico headlined one of its morning-after pieces, “Democrats begin to wonder: When do we win?  For all the roiling anger and energy at the grassroots, the party still fell short in Georgia and Kansas.  And Democratic prospects in upcoming elections aren’t promising.”  Below that donkey-downer header, the article declared of candidate Ossoff, “The Democrat will be an underdog in that contest, when there won’t be a crowded field of Republicans to splinter the vote.”  Since then, Democratic chatter has grown even more pessimistic.
And as is often the case, a Breitbart News headline captured the mood: “Sad Dems throw Ossoff Under Bus.”  So we’ll have to see if Ossoff, in the next two months, can replicate the energy and money that he had in the last two months.
Third, within the GOP candidates, the “national candidates” did poorly.  That is, the candidates who seemed connected to larger causes, beyond Georgia 6, all fell short.  One such was Bob Gray, who had the support of the highly ideological Club For Growth; he finished third, with a bit more than 10 percent of the vote.  Another “national” candidate was Bruce Levell, who had worked on the Trump campaign and had touted his connections to the White House; he earned just 0.2 percent of the vote.  And another “national” was Tea Party veteran Amy Kremer, who last year worked on a Trump-connected Super PAC; she also earned 0.2 percent.
By contrast, the Republican winner, Handel, is known for little other than her long career within the Georgia GOP.  We can say it’s not always true that “all politics is local,” but oftentimes it’s true.
Fourth, concerns about the economy are beginning to creep into the political conversation.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average enjoyed a strong rally after Trump’s win, gaining 2600 points from Election Day to the beginning of March.  But since then, the market has stalled; today, the Dow is down about 500 points from its peak.
Meanwhile, on April 14, the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta released its economic growth estimate for the first quarter of 2017; it was a meager 0.5 percent.  And just on April 19, Larry Fink, CEO of BlackRock, the world’s largest money manager, said of the economy, “There are some warning signs that are getting darker.”  To be sure, Fink’s is just one voice—even though he does oversee assets of $5.1 trillion—but it’s undeniable that economic mavens are starting to worry.  That is, they are growing concerned that the bullish Trump policies they had been counting on, such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending, might not materialize, at least not soon enough.  Virgil regards this as a clear signal: If the Trump administration and the GOP want to accelerate growth, they will have to put pro-growth policies in place.  So shake a leg!
Fifth, in the meantime, the healthcare fight isn’t helping.  As we all know, the effort to repeal-and-sort-of-replace-Obamacare has consumed most of the oxygen in the domestic arena for the last couple of months—and it hasn’t done the GOP any good.
When last heard from on March 24, the ill-fated American Health Care Act (AHCA), aka Ryan Care, suffered from an approve/disapprove rating of 17:56.  That’s a pretty deep hole; indeed, from a GOP point of view, it was starting to look like the Civil War’s Battle of the Crater, brought back to memory in the 2003 Jude Law movie, Cold Mountain.
Given its recent political history, healthcare doesn’t seem to be—how to put this delicately?—the best weapon in the Trump administration arsenal.  Indeed, a compendium of polls on the Trump administration’s healthcare policy shows a severe verdict: 34.9 percent of Americans approve, and 52.6 percent of Americans disapprove.  Moreover, a closer look at the data shows that the damage done to the Trump administration’s standing on healthcare has largely occurred since the release of the AHCA bill on March 6.
So with that bleak track record, as Virgil has argued in the past, this doesn’t seem to be an auspicious moment to bring up healthcare again.  And yet, reportedly, it’s b-a-a-a-ck.  Or maybe, on second thought, it’s not—at least not right away.
Either way, not many in Washington think that much will come from a renewed healthcare push; with each iteration, the hoped-for legislation looks more and more like . . . Obamacare.   And yet in the short run, even the rumor of a return to the healthcare crater could have political consequences.
And the first place that such political consequences could register is in Georgia 6.  Thus it will be instructive to see how the Republican candidate, Handel, will handle the issue.  And a look at the healthcare section of her website tells us that she is treating it carefully: She’s against Obamacare, but she defines the GOP replacement plan as “a work in progress.”
Smart woman.
If she can unite the GOP, out-debate Ossoff, and, most of all, focus on her plans for growing the economy while keeping the focus away from forlorn healthcare plans, Handel could well be the newest Member of Congress from the Peach State.
And if she does win, the Trump administration will keep on trucking.



ARTICLE
Earlier today, reports emerged that the U.S. is seeking the arrest of WikiLeaks founder and editor-in-chief Julian Assange. Attorney general Jeff Sessions stated that arresting Assange was a “priority” for the Trump administration.
WikiLeaks was recently compared to a “hostile intelligence service” by CIA director Mike Pompeo following the organization’s publication of the Agency’s hacking tools in its “Vault 7” leaks.
Although President Trump has yet to directly comment, his administration’s stance on WikiLeaks is at odds with the attitude Trump displayed during the campaign. Just one month before the general election, then-candidate Trump told an audience of cheering supporters in Pennsylvania that he “loved” WikiLeaks.
(UPDATE: Trump has since commented on the Justice Department bringing criminal charges against Julian Assange, saying “It’s OK with me.”)

While he never made any public commitment to softening the United States’ stance on WikiLeaks, going from “loving” the organization to wanting its founder arrested is something of a u-turn.
During the campaign, Trump also made significant use of WikiLeaks releases, using them to drive a wedge between supporters of Hillary Clinton and her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders as early as July:

The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 23, 2016

In the final month of the campaign, Trump ramped up his use of Wikileaks material to attack Clinton.

I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016

He attacked the media for failing to cover Wikileaks material, calling the information revealed by the organization “incredible.”

Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 12, 2016

He suggested WikiLeaks had proven the Obama Administration was protecting Clinton from prosecution over her use of private email servers.

We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! https://t.co/xF0wv8Oa8q
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016


WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! https://t.co/FgGxDsS0a1
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 17, 2016

Trump’s citations of WikiLeaks continued throughout the final month of the campaign, including information on campaign contributions:

Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act – again.#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/juvdLIJPWu
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2016

The relationship between the Clinton campaign and reporters:

WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillaryhttps://t.co/bcYLslrxi0
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2016

Clinton’s VP pick, Tim Kaine:

WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'https://t.co/e1NVdpSfNr
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 23, 2016

Catholics:

Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 24, 2016

John Podesta:

WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!https://t.co/P3ajiACiXK
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 1, 2016

Etc:

'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'https://t.co/MfRy3Nvd4F
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 27, 2016

With this extensive use of WikiLeaks material, as well as his aforementioned “love” for WikiLeaks, voters might have been forgiven for believing that Trump, once elected, would take a softer line against WikiLeaks than previous Presidents.
Of course, as WikiLeaks revealed, candidates sometimes have “private” positions and “public” positions. It was Clinton they revealed that about, though, not Trump.

You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE

We MUST protect full insurance coverage for birth control, with no copay. #HandsOffMyBC pic.twitter.com/1D4KIPHOlR
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 19, 2017

While campaigning for Hillary Clinton last year, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards boasted that Obamacare enabled 55 million women in the United State to obtain free birth control.
“The thing that’s important to me, because it’s really part of why this election is so important,” Richards said, “as a result of the long, hard fight for the Affordable Care Act, 55 million women in America are getting birth control–and no co-pay.”

FACT: The birth control benefit saved pill users an average of $255/year & saved IUD users $248/year. https://t.co/et5QAPSn0d #HandsOffMyBC pic.twitter.com/7Ntn90ieiU
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 19, 2017

Planned Parenthood asserts that, prior to former President Barack Obama’s administrative maneuver to grant all women free birth control in the Affordable Care Act, contraception accounted for 30% to 44% of women’s out-of-pocket health care costs. Obamacare, Planned Parenthood claims, has saved women $1.4 billion on birth control.
What Planned Parenthood denies, however, is that taxpayers are footing the bill for “no co-pay birth control.”
In yet another manipulation of the facts, the group states:
One of the key questions that people have been asking is about the cost of the benefit to taxpayers. Many are asking, “Is birth control free, or are taxpayers paying for birth control?”
Check out the graph below to learn all about what birth control with no co-pay really means and who is paying (hint: not the taxpayers!)
 

In the graph, the group – whose primary business is abortion – states that, prior to Obamacare, women paid health insurance premiums to their private insurance companies, but had to pay co-pays for their birth control. Since Obamacare, however, women still pay premiums to health insurance companies, but now pay no co-pays for contraception.
“You get an insurance plan with better coverage,” Planned Parenthood touts, apparently with the implication that private health insurance customers – and not taxpayers – are paying for women to obtain free birth control as a result of a federal mandate that it be covered. Of course, the group assumes none of these customers is a taxpayer.

Tell @SecPriceMD: DON'T dismantle no-copay insurance coverage of birth control: https://t.co/NhLLMjReWC #HandsOffMyBC pic.twitter.com/VNZvkM2DWc
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 19, 2017

Secondly, with Obamacare premiums soaring as they have, it’s more than likely many of those women health insurance customers are paying even higher amounts for their “free” birth control – even if they are paying out when premiums are due rather than at Planned Parenthood or the drugstore.
The claim that taxpayers are not footing the bill for free birth control is also misleading because Obamacare essentially has been an expansion of Medicaid. Most Obamacare customers were able to obtain insurance cards because more Americans were eligible for Medicaid, and women receiving free birth control through Medicaid or Title X family planning grants are being funded by taxpayers.

"We will not stop until all women have access to reproductive health care services," says @duxfemfac https://t.co/po27rlWJ9R #HandsOffMyBC pic.twitter.com/KEyJUZJukI
— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 19, 2017

In a 2015 op-ed at the New York Times, the Guttmacher Institute’s Kinsey Hasstedt wrote public investment in contraception “enables young and low-income women to plan their own pregnancies” and is “smart government at its best.”
“Public investment,” of course, translates into “taxpayer funding.”
Hasstedt encouraged continued “federal and state investments in publicly supported family planning services.”
“That means adequately funding Title X and implementing the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion in all states,” she urged.



ARTICLE
Manchin pushed gun control in the wake of the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary, only to see it rejected by Republicans–along with some Democrats–in April 2013. He has tried to revive the gun control push more than once in the years since and believes it can be secured with Trump in office.
According to CNN, Manchin was asked about gun control and said, “Donald Trump’s the only person that can do that right now.” He suggested Trump could add “gun sense” to the failed Senate bill, thereby convincing some gun control opponents to support it.
Manchin went full-blown gun control and explained the rejection of his gun control bill by saying:
There’s a reason that certain people shouldn’t be able to have access to guns. Every law-abiding gun owner understands that. They read our bill and saw we had a good piece of legislation, but no one had the fortitude to do it. And [Trump] could do it.
He did not mention that the Sandy Hook gunman stole the guns he used in the attack; therefore his actions would not have been curtailed in the slightest by Manchin’s proposed gun laws.
Ironically, Manchin admitted this in the days leading up the Senate’s rejection of his gun control bill. During the April 14, 2013, airing of CBS News Face the Nation, Manchin noted that his bill would have done nothing to prevent the Sandy Hook attack, had it been implemented before the attack occurred. And empirical evidence supports Manchin’s admission.
As a matter of fact, evidence abounds showing universal background checks–the core of Manchin’s gun control–pose no hindrance to mass public attackers.
For example, Colorado has universal background checks, yet the state witnessed a firearm-based attack on Halloween 2015 in Colorado Springs and another on a Planned Parenthood on November 27, 2015. California has universal background checks yet witnessed three killed in a May 23, 2014, firearm-based attack in Santa Barbara; 14 killed in a December 2, 2015, firearm-based attack in San Bernardino; a murder-suicide on UCLA’s gun-free campus on June 1, 2016; two Palm Springs officers killed in an ambush attack on October 8 2016, and three people killed in a murder-suicide at a San Bernardino elementary school last week.
Washington state has universal background checks, yet five innocents were killed in a mass shooting at a Burlington mall on September 23, 2016. And if we look at Europe, France has universal background checks, yet at least 142 innocents were shot and killed by armed attackers during 2015 alone.
Perhaps West Virginians need to have the fortitude to show up to the polls on November 2018 and replace gun-control Senator Manchin with someone who will protect the Second Amendment.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Nowrouzzadeh was an integral member of the team that drafted the much-maligned 2015 deal with the Islamic Republic of Iran over that theocratic dictatorship’s nuclear program. During the negotiations leading up to that deal, Breitbart News reported that Nowrouzzadeh previously had worked for the National-Iranian American Council, a lobbying group with connections to Iran’s Islamic fundamentalist leadership.
According to Politico, Nowrouzzadeh has been reassigned to the State Department’s Office of Iranian Affairs. As a career service employee, Nowrouzzadeh is protected from outright dismissal over political leanings.
The move comes after Secretary Tillerson announced Wednesday that a review of the nuclear deal would take place despite apparent Iranian compliance with its terms.
Breitbart News reported last month that Nowrouzzadeh was still in the senior position she has occupied since last July. Politico cites multiple State Department sources as saying that the work of independent media outlets like Breitbart in raising the alarm over Nowrouzzadeh’s continued presence in the upper echelons of State Department policymaking played a role in the decision to reassign her.
Obama political appointee Philip Gordon, who served with Nowrouzzadeh during the last administration, defended Nowrouzzadeh and did not approve of her assignment. He expressed dismay over the perceived influence of the independent media, telling Politico, “If people writing these pieces are not happy with the Trump foreign policy that may be because the president and vice president and Cabinet officers decided not to do things that are not in their interest.”
Gordon also accused Breitbart News and other outlets of criticizing Nowrouzzadeh based purely on her Persian ethnicity. “If Donald Trump hasn’t torn up the Iran nuclear deal, it may be because he realized that would be a bad idea,” he said, “And it’s not because one of his policy planning staffers has a family of Iranian origin.”



ARTICLE
Pruitt revealed his plan to end the war on coal at a coal-fired power plan in Missouri that would have been forced closed under Obama’s climate agenda.
The Environmental Protection Agency administrator discussed President Trump’s recent executive order that repeals a number of Obama’s climate change actions. Pruitt said, “Coal is, and will continue to be, a critical part of America’s energy mix.”
Last week Pruitt told coal miners in Pennsylvania, “I’m committed to working in coordination with states to create a healthy environment where jobs and businesses can grow. That’s the purpose of my Back-to-Basics agenda.” Pruitt added, “I saw today just how important this fuel source is to affordable electricity and economic development in the region, especially in the agriculture community.”
The power plant Pruitt visited in Missouri is considered one of the coal plants most compliant with EPA pollution regulations. However, officials told Pruitt that Obama’s Clean Power Plan would have still closed the plant. The Clean Power Plan was Obama’s most aggressive climate change plan, which would have required states to cut carbon emissions by a third by 2030.
Barry Hart, executive vice president and CEO of the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives, said, “When EPA asked for comments from the public on its Clean Power Plan in 2013, Missouri electric cooperative members responded with more than 300,000 comments, all with a common theme: ‘Don’t raise our rates, and we want an all-of-the-above energy strategy that keeps electricity affordable and creates jobs.'” He added, “We are encouraged to see that the Trump administration understands the concerns of people in rural America and is committed to bringing the change they want.”



ARTICLE
One of the memos Trump signed Friday takes aim at the “Orderly liquidation authority” or OLA, which authorizes the federal government to take over and wind down a failing financial firm. It instructs Treasury to examine whether OLA encourages excessive risk-taking or exposes taxpayers to liability. It also orders Treasury not to use OLAA while the review is underway.
OLA has been a target of conservative critics for years, largely because it permits federal regulators to attempt to deal with a failing financial firm outside of ordinary bankruptcy procedures. If regulators conclude that bankruptcy would cause serious financial disruption, they can invoke OLA to take over the failed firm and use taxpayer funds to keep it operating until it can be wound down in an orderly manner. Critics say this creates an implicit “safety net” for too-big-to-fail financial firms, creating moral hazard and encouraging excessive risk-taking.
Not surprisingly, OLA is one of the regulatory powers created by Dodd-Frank that the big Wall Street firms actually would rather keep in place. Because OLA would likely cushion the impact of a big bank’s failure on creditors and counterparties, it reduces the cost funding for the big banks. It may also give the biggest firms a competitive advantage over smaller competitors whose customers, counterparties, and creditors would still have to worry about the prospects of a formal bankruptcy.
Trade groups representing banks and other large financial institutions have lobbied against the repeal of OLA. In February, the chief executive of the Financial Services Roundtable told the Wall Street Journal that the trade group did not believe changes needed to be made to OLA.
Repealing OLA would create $15.2 billion in budget savings over 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Those savings could be used to “pay for” other Trump administration priorities, such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending. This also means that OLA could likely be repealed through the budget reconciliation process, making it immune to filibusters.
The second memo temporarily bars regulators from designating new non-bank financial companies as “systemically important financial institutions” or SIFIs. It orders a review of the process used to make these designations, which was harshly criticized by a federal judge last year. Regulators have designated the insurers American International Group, Prudential Financial, and MetLife as SIFIs, although MetLife won relief from the designation last year when a court decided that the process used to make the designation was arbitrary and opaque.
Critics of the rule charge that in addition to the problems with the designation process, the SIFI label may also create an implicit safety net for companies–the impression that they would be rescued in the case of failure. While the insurers and other non-bank financial companies would likely benefit from having the risk of SIFI designation–and the added regulatory burdens that come with it–lifted, this isn’t a change that has been sought after by the big banks that automatically qualify as SIFIs.



ARTICLE
Standing on an access road on the U.S. side of the border, Secretary Kelly began a press briefing by reaffirming the Trump administration’s commitment to border security, including a “physical barrier” along the southern border.
He also emphasized the importance of stopping human trafficking along the border. “There’s nothing the Attorney General and I want more than to put human smugglers out of business,” he said.
Kelly cited drastic reductions in the number of illegal border crossings, which he said were down 64% from the same period last year. The reason, he said, was that the Trump administration had shown “we’re serious about border security and enforcing our immigration laws.”
Attorney General Sessions spoke about the boost in morale among law enforcement staff, and praised the progress of the Trump administration. “It’s exceeded what I thought possible so far,” Sessions said.
He warned about the danger of infiltration by gangs like MS-13, “whose motto is ‘murder, rape, and control,'” he said.
And then the Attorney General launched a broadside against sanctuary cities — and the would-be “sanctuary state” of California.
“It was nearly two years ago that Kate Steinle was shot and killed, dying in her father’s arms, along Pier 14 in San Francisco,” Attorney General Sessions recalled. “The alleged shooter was an illegal immigrant with seven prior felony convictions who had been deported from this country five times. Only weeks earlier, the city had released him from custody, after being apprehended again, even though the federal immigration authorities had filed a detainer requesting that he be held in custody until they could remove him for deportation proceedings. Even worse, this man admitted he came to San Francisco in part because of its sanctuary policies.
“So today, the Department of Justice sent letters to nine jurisdictions that were identified — by the Obama administration — as having policies that potentially violate federal law and which receive millions in federal grants. These jurisdictions have until June 30th to send their legal justifications for why they are not in violation of federal law — and the state of California is one of these jurisdictions. … Sanctuary jurisdictions have put known gang members back on the streets.”
He concluded: “I urge New York, California, and other jurisdictions to reconsider.”
The California State Senate recently passed a “sanctuary state” bill, SB 54, that still awaits passage by the State Assembly before proceeding to Governor Jerry Brown’s desk.

Kelly, Sessions, and Johnson were concluding a two-day visit to the border, which began in El Paso, Texas on Thursday and concluded in San Diego at the Otai Mesa Detention Facility.
The press conference was held in between two existing border fences — a thin, rusted corrugated iron fence on the Mexican side, and a tall, razor-wire-topped American fence. In the distance, the new pedestrian walkway between Tijuana’s airport and San Diego hovered over the boundary.
Johnson, who serves as Chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, said: “One of the main reasons we come here, in addition to learning … is to thank the men and women” of law enforcement.
He reiterated that the Trump administration, in contrast to his predecessor, had prioritized helping border patrol and enforcing the law.
“We’re not going to apologize,” he said, for enforcing the law and keeping the country safe.
Asked by a local reporter to respond to the argument by sanctuary cities that enforcing immigration law would hurt local policing, Sessions described that as more of an “excuse” than a reason, suggesting that it was driven by ideology rather than evidence.
He rejected an accusation earlier Friday by California State Senate President pro Tem Kevin De León (D-Los Angeles) that he and the Department of Justice were basing their law enforcement efforts on “principles of white supremacy.”
“It’s a kind of extremist statement that I totally reject,” Sessions said.
He also defended his recent comment about a ruling in a federal court in Hawaii that stopped President Trump’s executive order suspending travel from six terror-prone countries from going into effect.
Earlier Friday, Secretary Kelly told Kate Bolduan of CNN that President Barack Obama had presided over a “very, very open border” and that Obama had done “nothing” to secure the border and enforce immigration law internally.
Outside the event, about a dozen demonstrators from the Remembrance Project, which commemorates victims killed by illegal aliens, gathered to support the Trump administration’s efforts.

Vaught Becht of Orange County gave the administration an “A-plus” for its work on immigration and border security thus far.
“I think they’re doing a great job. We’ve got a new era. [Trump] supports the citizens. America first, and jobs first. We’ve got a new sheriff in town. He speaks for the American people, not the swamp in D.C. He speaks for us.”
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Frum was one of the fish reeled in when Internet wags suddenly resurrected Ivanka’s five-year-old tweet posted in 2012 when she was celebrating the Trump empire’s launch of a new Trump hotel in Istanbul, Turkey.

Thank you Prime Minister Erdogan for joining us yesterday to celebrate the launch of #TrumpTowers Istanbul!
— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 20, 2012

But Ivanka’s suddenly re-tweeted old post caught the eyes of a list of liberals who lashed out at Ivanka and the president. The exercised replies showed that commenters clearly thought the tweet was newly posted by the presidential daughter.
Former Bush speechwriter David Frum was among those who were fooled by the tweet. He jumped to his keyboard to excoriate the president and moan about how Trump is “selling” America’s foreign policy.
“This is so beyond troubling into alarming,” Frum proclaimed of the old tweet. “US foreign policy has been sold for hotels & handbags.”

This is so beyond troubling into alarming. US foreign policy has been sold for hotels & handbags https://t.co/QbnFbl7nMj
— David Frum (@davidfrum) April 18, 2017

Of course, when Ivanka posted her tweet back in 2012 she had no chance of influencing any foreign policy choices. Neither Ivanka nor Donald Trump had any connection to foreign policy; they were just business people.
Frum wasn’t alone. Bomb throwing columnist Louise Mensch was also fooled by the timeline of the tweet. Without bothering to look to see when it was originally written, Mensch quickly replied to the tweet, telling Ivanka, “You’re going to jail.”

@IvankaTrump You're going to jail
— Louise Mensch (@LouiseMensch) April 18, 2017

Writer Dennis Perkins also jumped into the fray without checking the date of the tweet. Reality TV actress Ariane Bellamar, TV producer Harley Peyton, and a host of others were also fooled into thinking Ivanka’s tweet was new.
Several purported journalists and entertainers and dozens of regular liberal voters were also fooled into replying to the re-tweeted posting as if it were a new entry in Ivanka’s Twitter feed.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
From The Hill:
Bannon reportedly works 18-hour days behind the scenes to promote a far-right, extremist, white nationalist agenda. He is still officially Trump’s “chief strategic adviser,” backed by insiders like Attorney General Jeff Sessions, mega-donors like Rebekah Mercer, and many alt-right leaders (who have made personal and political threats to take Trump down if he fires Bannon).
…
Despite his failures and recent demotion, Bannon remains determined to transform America and the world in his image. Bannon is smart — some say brilliant — and will learn from failure, avoid making the same mistakes and adjust his tactics. In doing so, he will become even more dangerous. He could become perhaps even more dangerous to America in the long run than external enemies like North Korea, Iran or Russia.
Trump’s oath to defend the Constitution requires that he fire Steve Bannon immediately, no matter the political consequences and backlash among the hate-right.
Read the rest here. 



ARTICLE
Illegals enrolled in the President Barack Obama’s “Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals” DACA program can “rest easy,” Trump said, because “this is a case of heart.”
Federal enforcement agencies are “not [going] after the ‘dreamers,’ we are after the criminals,” he said, using the Democrats’ ‘dreamer’ euphemism for young illegal immigrants. “That is our policy,” he added.
The Friday comments confirm Trump’s reversal of his 2016 campaign promise to stop the DACA quasi-amnesty created by Obama during his 2012 reelection campaign. He created the program in 2012 by telling his immigration enforcement officers to provide young illegals with free work permits instead of repatriation orders. The program has allowed at least 770,000 illegal immigrants to find jobs in major U.S. cities, even though tens of millions of Americans outside the cities are unemployed or have given up trying to find work.
Since his inauguration, Trump’s deputies at the Department of Homeland Security have awarded new work permits to illegals who claim they arrived before age 16, despite Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” slogan.
Trump’s support for the DACA program is one of his biggest “flip-flops,” said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “During the campaign, now-President Trump had said he was going to end that on day one because it’s an unconstitutional action by the president,” Krikorian told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday. Krikorian continued:
And of course he’s right, it’s illegal. And they’ve done nothing to it. They’ve done absolutely nothing.”
Trump’s post-inauguration turnabout on DACA means that pro-American reformers who want to reduce the impact of illegal-alien workers in the job market will need to bring a lawsuit arguing that the federal government illegally awarded work permits to illegal immigrants, say advocates.
Trump’s refusal to reverse or even stop the DACA program is also a bad sign for future immigration reforms, says Krikorian. That’s because he could stop the program and then use the resulting public outcry to pressure Democrats to establish pro-Americans immigration policies. Those policies could include a mandatory requirement that employers check that job applicants are legal residents in the United States.
In August 2016, Obama’s chief economist said the federal is imposing the economic pain of five simultaneous recessions on less-educated Americans, thereby pushing millions of working-age men off jobs, out of the workforce, and into poverty.
Roughly 10 percent of American “prime age” men, or 7 million men aged 25 to 54, have dropped out of the nation’s workforce of 150 million. They are not trying to get jobs, and are not participating in the nation’s labor force.
“This [dropout] is caused by policies and institutions, not by technology,” admitted Jason Furman, an economist who chaired the president’s Council of Economic Advisors. “We shouldn’t accept it as inevitable,” he told a Brookings Institute expert, Dave Wessel on  August 10. The primary reason for reduced employment is that “the amount [of money] that employers would want to hire them for some reason has gone down,” he said.
In February, Trump told that the AP that “DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me … It’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids.”



ARTICLE
Thirty-seven year old Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin at point blank range on Easter Sunday and streamed the incident on Facebook Live. Days later–on April 18–Stephens killed himself. He had no criminal record and told his mother he decided to kill someone due to frustration he felt over an argument with his girlfriend.
Parker’s daughter, Alison, was killed by a 41-year-old gunman on August 26, 2015. The gunman uploaded video of the incident to the internet before taking his own life.
Parker is now suggesting the repeal of the Social Security gun ban will enable more “social media killers” in the future.
Writing in Newsweek, Parker pointed to the repeal, then said:
This is the hypocrisy of the NRA-controlled Republican Congress. When confronted with the proliferation of gun violence, their response has historically been, “It’s not a gun issue, it’s a mental health issue.” They’re half right—it’s both. Yet they do their master’s bidding because, hey, it’s more gun sales. And by the way, let’s keep those potential terrorists on the no-fly list purchasing at the flea market gun shows, too!
We’re never going to entirely stop that crazy man with a gun who wants to kill someone on a live feed. We must hold the paid NRA politicians accountable. No, they didn’t pull the trigger, but along with their President Trump, who next week will bask in the frothing adulation of 80,000 NRA faithful attending their annual conference, they perpetuate the carnage.
It is interesting to note that Parker does not mention that neither Stephens nor Alison’s gunman was old enough to be Social Security recipients. Moreover, he completely glosses over the two biggest problems with the Social Security gun ban: 1. It lumped people suffering from minor mental health problems–like depression or anxiety–with people suffering from major ones–like bi-polar disease or schizophrenia. 2. It allowed the Social Security Administration to strip beneficiaries of their Second Amendment rights without due process.
Parker also touches on the April 16, 2007, attack on Virginia Tech and the June 12, 2006 attack on Orlando Pulse, intimating that these attacks do not even register with GOP Representatives. While Parker does a good job focusing on the terrible loss of human life in these attacks, he fails to mention the one thing they both shared in common–they occurred in gun-free zones.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com



ARTICLE
The three suspects now charged represent the first prosecution in the United States for female genital mutilation (FGM), a practice common primarily in Muslim countries, particularly those in Africa. For example, UNICEF estimates that 98% of Somali girls and 87% of Egyptians have endured the procedure.
FGM perpetrates a range of different mutilations on its victims—mostly young girls. In its most extreme from, called infibulation, the girl is left with virtually no externally visible genitalia. The clitoris and labia are removed entirely and what is left is sown together, leaving only a small hole from which to urinate and menstruate.
As in the case of Dr. Nagarwala last week, the 16-page criminal complaint issued against Dr. Attar and his wife in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan Friday refers to “a particular religious and cultural community” without specifying that community. It is now believed that that community is the Dawoodi Bohra Muslim sect, whose world leader, Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, has called for the tradition to continue.
According to the complaint, Dr. Attar owns Burhani Medical Center in Livonia where the seven-year-old victims from Minnesota that Nargarwala is charged with mutilating were brought. He and his wife were both allegedly present when the girls arrived with their parents for the procedure.
According to the complaint against Nargawala, the victims’ parents brought them to the Detroit area for the grusome procedure. The girls were told it was to be a “special girls trip.” The parents also allegedly said the cutting would “get the germs out” and that they were not to talk of what happened inside the Burhani clinic.
One of the girls later told the FBI she screamed in pain as she endured what Dr. Nargawala called “getting a shot.” She then said she was barely able to walk as she left the clinic. Upon examination by doctors working with the FBI, both seven-year-olds were found to have genitalia that was “abnormal looking” with “scar tissue” and “small healing lacerations.”
Farida Attar, the clinic owner’s wife, is alleged to have held girls’ hands in the examination room as Dr. Nargawala went about her work. According to the complaint, she was later caught on a federal wiretap telling parents of FGM victims to deny they had brought their daughters to Burhani clinic for the procedure.
Authorities believe the conspiracy extends beyond the two named victims and that the defendants have been carrying out FGM on girls from the Detroit area and beyond since 2005. According to the complaint, multiple Michigan girls have come forward to say Dr. Nargawala mutilated them in Dr. Attar’s clinic years ago. Authorities believe Nargawala was invited to the Burhani clinic from her normal job as a hospital emergency room doctor to carry out FGM on the weekends when the clinic was officially closed. Farida Attar is alleged to have told authorities she came in to see six to nine girls a year.
In a statement accompanying the first arrest, Acting U.S. Attorney Daniel Lemisch said, “The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law.”
Each count of FGM could yield the co-conspirators up to five years in federal prison.



ARTICLE
It’s about President Donald Trump.
“The protests are often fueled by those with left-leaning political views who were surprised by Trump’s victory but have not been quelled by his policies and actions since taking office,” the Post reported on Friday.
“I still wake up with palpitations,” said Michele Hooper, a 62-year-old physician from California who attended the Women’s and Tax March and plans to attend the science rally.
“Hell hath no fury like a scientist scorned, and that’s essentially where we are,” Kathleen Rogers, president of the Earth Day Network, event organizer, told the Post. “People will be marching because their integrity and honesty has been called into question.”
“This is a new and energized constituency – they just happen to be wearing lab coats,” Rogers said.
The Post drives its point home by investigating the number of permits issued by the National Park Service to allow for rallies and marches on the mall since Trump was elected.
“The National Park Service, which oversees the Mall, has fielded 33 percent more requests this year for permits to protest on Washington’s federal land than it had at this time last year, said Mike Litterst, a spokesman for the agency,” the Post reported. “The Park Service had received 197 permit requests for demonstrations as of Wednesday, compared with 148 at the same time in 2016.”
The Post noted that four “high-profile” marches — Tax March, Earth Day and Science March, and Climate March — are taking place on consecutive weekends, and immigration and LGBT marches are planned in the coming weeks.
The Science March starts at 9 a.m. Saturday with a “teach-in” focused on the theme of the march, “environmental and climate literacy.” At 2 p.m. participants will march to the Capitol.
The earthday.org website states:
Science serves all of us. It protects our air and water, preserves our planet, saves lives with medical treatments, creates new industries, puts food on our tables, educates the next generation, and safeguards our future.
Science isn’t Democratic or Republican, liberal or conservative. Indeed, threats to science are pervasive throughout governments around the world.
Using the teach-in concept deployed for the very first Earth Day in 1970, the rally and teach-in on the National Mall will focus on the need to hold our leaders – both in science and in politics – accountable to the highest standards of honesty, fairness, and integrity. The vital role science plays in our democracy must be preserved.
The Earth Day Network says its mission is, in part: “to diversify, educate and activate the environmental movement worldwide. Growing out of the first Earth Day, Earth Day Network is the world’s largest recruiter to the environmental movement, working with more than 50,000 partners in nearly 195 countries to build environmental democracy.”
The network also takes credit for the regulatory state that is the Environmental Protection Agency.
“The first Earth Day on April 22, 1970, activated 20 million Americans from all walks of life and is widely credited with launching the modern environmental movement,” including pushing for the passage of the landmark Clean Air Act, Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act, the website states.



ARTICLE
“The process began long ago, but it really formally begins on Wednesday,” he said, referring to tax reform.
The executive orders will allow the Secretary of the Treasury, Stephen Mnuchin, to start looking for ways to simplify the tax code and change the cumbersome regulatory burden on businesses.
“People can’t do their returns. They have no idea what they’re doing. They’re too complicated,” Trump said.
“I look forward to taking a hard look at the regulatory burden of our tax code, which consumes billions of productive hours and compliance costs.”
Trump said that his administration would continue to press for tax reform, promising that it would help “struggling Americans achieve their financial dreams.”
“Together, we will restore prosperity to this nation, a nation that we so dearly love, and to bring people who call this home into a great, great way of living and a great way of life,” he said.



ARTICLE
Justice Neil Gorsuch had an active first day on the Supreme Court on Monday, weighing in heavily on both of the Court’s morning cases and injecting some humor into two dry legal subjects.
Before the High Court turned to its normal business, Chief Justice John Roberts took a moment to welcome Gorsuch “as the 101st associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States,” and on behalf of all the members of the Court, wished him a long and successful career in what Roberts referred to as their “common calling.” Gorsuch responded in kind, thanking the chief justice and all the other justices for the warm welcome he had received over the past week.
In Perry v. Merit Systems Protection Board, when a lawyer was walking the Court through a badly worded federal statute on how federal employees file appeals in their employment system, when the lawyer tried to persuade the justices that he was “not asking this Court to break any new ground,” Gorsuch replied, “No, just to continue to make it up.”
At another point in the case when the lawyer tried to assure Gorsuch by saying, “I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you,” Gorsuch quipped, “I hope so!,” evoking laughter throughout the courtroom.
On a more serious note, on Wednesday Gorsuch sat in on the biggest religious-liberty case of the year, Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer, considering whether state constitutional provisions that forbid churches from participating in state funding grant programs violate the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment of the Constitution.
Currently pending before the Court right now is a petition to review a case from Colorado, Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, in which a baker was sanctioned by the state for not baking a cake for a same-sex wedding. Word on that petition could come as early as next Monday.
Next Wednesday on the Court’s last oral argument day for its 2016 term, Gorsuch will sit in on oral arguments in Maslenjak v. U.S., a case in which an immigrant was stripped of her U.S. citizenship when she made a false statement in a criminal proceeding that, while false, was also immaterial to the case.
It’s a busy two weeks for the Supreme Court’s newest member.
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.



ARTICLE
“Nothing has been done in the last eight years to truly enforce the border rules and regulations not to mention many of the immigration laws inside the United States,” declared Kelly, speaking to CNN from San Diego, later adding:
Under the Obama administration they turned back a large number of individuals, but that’s because it was a very, very open border almost and certainly once in, most illegals that moved into the United States, generally speaking, understood once they got here to the United States, got into the interior, they could stay [and] disappear into the population.

The DHS chief pointed out that border security has already improved under President Donald Trump, touting progress under the current administration in curbing illegal immigration.
“Those that would come up here illegally have decided to not make that dangerous trek as we secure the border, so the fact is that we have fewer and fewer, and fewer people — [a] radical reduction in the last two months of illegal crossings,” proclaimed Kelly.
The DHS secretary appeared alongside Attorney General Jeff Sessions during the CNN interview. Both officials were visiting the segment of the southwest border that lies in California.
CNN’s Kate Bolduan seemingly defended the Obama Administration’s record on border security, noting that immigration activists labeled the former president the “Deporter-in-Chief.”
Although the U.S. government removed a record number of immigrants under Obama Administration, some analysts argue that the deportations figures included many who were apprehended at or within 100 miles of the border and subsequently turned back as well as some Legal Permanent Residents (LPR) who committed removable offenses, including veterans.
The number of apprehensions along the U.S.-Mexico border has dramatically decreased since President Trump was elected.
Early this month, a new report from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) component of DHS revealed that border apprehensions had plummeted by more than 60 percent since Trump took office.
Breitbart Texas reported:
Border apprehensions steadily increased in the nine months leading up to the presidential election in November, reaching a peak of 66,710 in October 2016. Since President Trump’s election on November 8, each month shows a decline in apprehension. The two full months following the inauguration show a dramatic drop to levels not seen in the past five years. Apprehensions decreased by more than 75 percent.
The 16,600 apprehensions last month represent the lowest number of border arrests in the past five years and a 30 percent decrease from the 23,750 illegals that Border Patrol agents arrested in February.



ARTICLE
But Sessions was right: on immigration issues, Hawaii is an island in many ways, with different challenges than the rest of the United States.
Sessions’s full comment, as relayed to relayed to Mark Levin, was: “I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and constitutional power.” Critics have pounced on that as an attack on the separation of powers. In fact, it was the opposite: a defense of a clearly defined executive power from overreach by an activist, liberal judiciary.
But Hawaii really is an island archipelago — first in the obvious sense that it is surrounded on every side, for thousands of miles, by water. That makes illegal border crossings almost impossible. In that sense, Hawaii “border security,” as most Americans understand it, has nothing to do with Hawaii. There are a small amount of “undocumented immigrants” in Hawaii — most from the Philippines and Japan, and who presumably enter and then overstay their visas.
That is a crucial demographic difference that makes immigration issues very different for Hawaii.  There is also a large Native Hawaiian population that wants little to do with the mainland; some want to create an indigenous government. And judicially, Hawaii is the left wing of the left-wing Ninth Circuit — which is why activists brought their case there.
Interestingly, Hawaiians seem to regard homeless squatters from the mainland the way some Americans see illegal immigrants: the Hawaiian legislature perennially debates proposals to pay the homeless to leave the state permanently.
Hawaii faces the same threat from the six designated terror-prone countries as any other U.S. point of entry. In that sense, a federal judge in Hawaii is as competent to rule on President Trump’s executive order as any other. However, a judge in Hawaii might not interpret the immigration issue the same way as one in the continental U.S.
The ruling that Judge Derrick Watson, an appointee of President Barack Obama, delivered was based on speculation about the motives of the president when he issued the order, rather than his statutory and constitutional authority to do so regardless.
Sessions’s point was that federal judges in general should defer to the president in matters of national security and immigration policy — particularly in jurisdictions that may have a peculiar lens through which they view the issue.
There ought to be nothing controversial about saying so. Democrats are choosing outrage over logic and the law.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
The blistering behind-the-scenes book, by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, illustrates how Hillary Clinton furiously blamed her defeat on the FBI investigation into her private emails, Russian interference, and Trump’s supposed support from “white nationalists.”
From Shattered:
On a phone call with a longtime friend a couple of days after the election, Hillary was much less accepting of her defeat. She put a fine point on the factors she believed cost her the presidency: the FBI (Comey), the KGB (the old name for Russia’s intelligence service), and the KKK (the support Trump got from white nationalists).
“I’m angry,” Hillary told her friend. And exhausted. After two brutal campaigns against Sanders and Trump, Hillary now had to explain the failure to friends in a seemingly endless round of phone calls. That was taking a toll on her already weary and grief-stricken soul. But mostly, she was mad— mad that she’d lost and that the country would have to endure a Trump presidency.
The authors detail how Clinton went out of her way to pass blame for her stunning loss on “Comey and Russia.”
“She wants to make sure all these narratives get spun the right way,” a longtime Clinton confidant is quoted as saying.
The book further highlights how Clinton’s Russia-blame-game was a plan hatched by senior campaign staffers John Podesta and Robby Mook, less than “within twenty-four hours” after she conceded:
That strategy had been set within twenty-four hours of her concession speech. Mook and Podesta assembled her communications team at the Brooklyn headquarters to engineer the case that the election wasn’t entirely on the up-and-up. For a couple of hours, with Shake Shack containers littering the room, they went over the script they would pitch to the press and the public. Already, Russian hacking was the centerpiece of the argument.
The Clinton camp settled on a two-pronged plan — pushing the press to cover how “Russian hacking was the major unreported story of the campaign, overshadowed by the contents of stolen e-mails and Hillary’s own private-server imbroglio,” while “hammering the media for focusing so intently on the investigation into her e-mail, which had created a cloud over her candidacy,” the authors wrote.
“The press botched the e-mail story for eighteen months,” one person who was part of the strategy is quoted as saying. “Comey obviously screwed us, but the press created the story.”
The book also details Clinton’s confusion and frustration with President Obama, whom she apparently thought didn’t do enough “to apprise the public that the Russians had gone way beyond what had been reported”:
She wondered why the president hadn’t leaned harder into making the case that Vladimir Putin was specifically targeting her and trying to throw the election to Trump. “The Russia stuff has really bothered her a lot,” one of the aides said. “She’s sort of learning what the administration knew and when they knew it, and she’s just sort of quizzical about the whole thing. She can’t quite sort out how this all played out the way that it did.” On the long list of people, agencies, and international forces Hillary blamed for her loss, Obama had a spot.
Elsewhere, however, Allen and Parnes provide polling numbers and other raw data that pinpoint the precise reason why Clinton lost — hint: it’s not Russia — men and working class Democrats in Pennsylvania turning to Trump, and how he simply outperformed her with white voters in battleground Florida:
Exit polls in Pennsylvania showed that Clinton and Obama won women by thirteen-point margins in 2016 and 2012, respectively. But in a state that has never elected a woman governor or US senator, men favored Trump by seventeen points— a massive increase over Mitt Romney’s three-point edge in 2012. From a geographical perspective, Hillary did better than Obama in Philadelphia and its surrounding suburban counties but lost working-class Democratic strongholds in Erie and Luzerne Counties that Obama had carried.
In Florida, Trump crushed Hillary in the suburban swing areas outside Tampa and St. Petersburg. As he did nationally, Trump did better with white Floridians than Romney had, doubling up Clinton at 64 percent to 32 percent. Romney had beaten Obama 61 percent to 37 percent among Florida whites.
Clinton also lost the reliably-Democratic state of Wisconsin, where she had “had been blown out by Bernie Sanders in the Wisconsin primary” and failed to campaign for months after her party’s national convention:
Turnout in Milwaukee, the key vote center for Democrats in Wisconsin, was off by sixty thousand or so votes from 2012, and nearly three dozen counties in the state saw the partisan margin from that year flip by 20 percentage points or more in 2016. Trump won 52 percent to 41 percent in Brown County, home of Green Bay, site of the visit that Hillary and Obama canceled after the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando. Obama had won the county by nine points in 2008 and lost it by two points in 2012. Hillary, who had been blown out by Bernie Sanders in the Wisconsin primary, never set foot in the state.
Lastly, Shattered examines how Trump turned Michigan — a state that had been blue since 1992 — into a red state:
About a dozen counties in Michigan flipped from Obama to Trump, but one mattered most. Macomb County, flush with working- and middle-class whites, gave Trump more than his statewide margin of victory. Obama won the county by 16,103 votes in 2012; Trump took it by 48,348 votes, or about four times his statewide margin.
Sure to become a bestselling blockbuster, Shattered became available everywhere books are sold April 18.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson



ARTICLE
“We are very happy to have Aya back home, and it’s a great honor to have her in the Oval Office,” Trump said on Friday during the meeting at the White House.
Trump arranged for a government aircraft to transport Aya Hijazi, 30, and her husband, Mohamed Hassanein, back to the United States, with the couple and family arriving late on Thursday.
“We’re very grateful that President Trump personally engaged with the issue,” Aya’s brother Basel Hijazi said in a telephone interview while onboard the plane. “Working closely with the Trump administration was very important for my family at this critical time.
“It let us be reunited as a family,” Hijazi said. “We’re so grateful.”
Aya Hijazi grew up in Falls Church, Virgina, and is a graduate of George Mason University.
Rather than spending money on a lavish wedding, the couple used their money to launch the Belady Foundation to help children who live on the streets in Cairo, human rights advocates wrote in a piece published by The Huffington Post.
Instead, the couple was arrested, and months later, they were told they had been charged with sexually assaulting the children in their care.
A hearing was delayed seven times during the course of three years.
“Hijazi brought the best of her American education and values to Egypt in an attempt to make the world a better place,” Kerry Kennedy, president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights (RFKHR), and Wade McMullen, RFKHR attorney, wrote in the Huff Po.
“She faced the same political repression many defenders of human rights face,” they wrote. “Her vindication is proof that even small efforts to improve our world can create ripples that shake even the most entrenched authoritarian governments.”
“The couple and their co-workers had been incarcerated since May 1, 2014, on child abuse and trafficking charges that were widely dismissed by human rights workers and U.S. officials as false,” the Associated Press (AP) reported on Wednesday. “Virtually no evidence was ever presented against them, and for nearly three years they were held as hearings were inexplicably postponed and trial dates canceled.”
The Obama administration, members of Congress, and human rights groups had failed to secure Aya’s release, in part because former President Barack Obama had shunned President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi while Trump established a relationship with him, including issuing the first invitation to the White House.
“Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-TN), who said he recently advocated for Hijazi’s release in his own talks with Sisi and was briefed on the latest negotiations, said Trump ‘handled it the way things like this should be handled,’” the AP reported.



ARTICLE
“This event is part of President Obama’s post-presidency goal to encourage and support the next generation of leaders driven by strengthening communities around the country and the world,” a media release from Obama’s staff announced.
Obama’s remarks are open to the media, but the advisory warns that the University would not be able to accommodate all requests.
Obama is also scheduled to receive a Kennedy Award in Boston in May and will appear in Germany for a conversation on global affairs with Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The New York Times reports that Obama will also begin delivering private paid speeches.
The former president and first lady were spotted on billionaire music mogul David Geffen’s $300 million yacht with Bruce Springsteen, Tom Hanks, and Oprah Winfery as well as vacationing with British billionaire Richard Branson on his private island. They were also seen brunching with U2’s Bono in New York City.



ARTICLE
Concerning White House transparency, particularly regarding not releasing the visitor logs, Caddell said, “Well, I think that there are problems there. I don’t think you can run the White House without getting a lot of unnecessary flak for deciding it’s a closed operation.”
Caddell continued, “I mean, I can’t justify it. Why don’t you give up the White House logs? Those are public records. People have a right to know who’s coming and going.”
“In order to be credible, you have to be transparent on many things,” added Caddell. “In general, the idea should be you tell people as much as possible because when there’s not transparency on little things, it’s the big things I worry about.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
“Our record-setting fundraising pace has been fueled by grassroots enthusiasm for President Trump and the Republican Party,” RNC Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel said in a statement.
“The RNC is in a strong position to make an impact in key races in 2017 and 2018 as we plan to take a leading role in preserving our congressional majorities and prepare to reelect President Trump in 2020,” she continued.
Meanwhile, RNC Finance Chairman Steve Wynn credited Donald Trump’s presidency with the increase in donations.”Americans across the country are expressing their belief that their best chance for a better life in our country is with continued Republican control of the House, Senate and the White House under President Trump,” he said.
The comments from RNC leaders suggest a shift towards further embracing Donald Trump’s populist agenda. In August 2016, 123 Republicans signed a letter urging the RNC to cut off funding to Trump’s campaign.
However, the RNC continually stood by Trump, stating that they had a “great relationship” with Trump’s campaign. Following Trump’s victory, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus was appointed as the president’s chief of staff.
The money raised will also be key to ensuring that Republicans maintain control of their majorities in both chambers for the 2018 mid-term elections, with Democrats currently needing to flip just 24 seats, depending on the results of five upcoming special elections.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com 



ARTICLE
Breitbart News recently reported on the issue here.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is defending the deportation of a four-time convicted illegal immigrant DREAMer who applied for protection under the Obama-era ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals’ DACA program.
Calling it one of Trump’s biggest “flip-flops,” said Krikorian today, “During the campaign, now President Trump had said he was going to end that (DACA) on day one because it’s an unconstitutional action by the president. And of course he’s right, it’s illegal. And they’ve done nothing to it. They’ve done absolutely nothing.”
He continued, “And what’s remarkable is not that they didn’t fully follow through on that promise because politically I can see how immediately pulling work permits from hundreds of thousands of young people, each one of whom will get his own news story, could be something you want to avoid politically. But they haven’t even stopped issuing DACA work permits to new people who didn’t have them before.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
Moreover, Cox says Americans need to understand that allowing one constitutional freedom to be criminalized only opens the door to a criminalization of the “entire bill of rights.”
Cox’s points are based on two things: 1. Real-world examples of law-abiding citizens being arrested for the possession of legally-owned guns in states like New Jersey. 2. The fact that all the rights protected by the Bill of Rights are of a cloth; they all have their origin in our Creator and come to us at birth via nature. Our Founding Fathers hedged them in with Bill of Rights’ protections as a way to remind government to keep its hands off, and if government becomes accustomed to curtailing then criminalizing one of the rights it will not be long until said government begins to curtail and criminalize other rights too.

Without naming names, Cox mentions “nurses, stay-at-home moms, veterans, even a disaster relief worker, have been charged with felonies for simply having a lawfully owned firearm.” He explains that all these various individuals  were licensed to carry in their own states, “but arrested and charged as criminals when safely carrying [their gun] through another, less-free state.”
Breitbart News reported single mother Shaneen Allen was arrested in New Jersey in October 2013 for possessing a legally owned gun for which she had a Pennsylvania concealed carry permit. And USMC Joshua Velez was arrested in New Jersey in 2014 for having a legally owned gun for which he had a Massachusetts concealed carry permit. In both cases, the possession of the legally owned guns was criminalized because the firearms were not registered in New Jersey.
Cox said, “When states can deny one constitutional freedom, they can criminalize the entire bill of rights.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
Breitbart Editor in Chief and Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow quizzed Dr. Navarro on the proposed Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) between the U.S. and the European Union, which was championed by Barack Obama.
The deal was deemed “dead and buried” when President Trump entered office. But Paul Ryan, an establishment Republican who acts as Speaker of the House of Representatives, recently claimed that “the United States will continue to work closely with our EU friends, and chart a path forward on TTIP negotiations”.
“I don’t speak for Paul Ryan or Congress,” said Dr. Navarro, tactfully, “but what the president has said is this administration prefers bilateral deals.” The comments were an apparent reference to the Anglo-American trade pact which President Trump and some of his key supporters have said could be rapidly negotiated after Brexit.

While Dr. Navarro said he could offer no further comment on TTIP, he was very clear that the TTIP-like North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico was regarded as a “disaster”, and would be either substantially renegotiated or entirely scrapped.
“We’re going to get a new, good [agreement], or we’re going to get out,” he said.
Dr. Navarro restated the Trump administration’s commitment to a ‘Buy American, Hire American’ economic strategy, similar to the model of “economic patriotism” proposed by French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Europe.

The economic patriotism which I advocate is impossible within the European Union ! https://t.co/SdZi5vZxTQ
— Marine in English (@Marine2017_EN) March 6, 2017

“Buy American is something that goes back to the 1930s; it’s a policy which basically says, that if we’re going to use taxpayer dollars, we should use those taxpayer dollars on American companies and American workers, and it’s a great way for this country to revive its economy; to strengthen its manufacturing base, and it’s a bedrock policy.”
The National Trade Council director pointed out that in addition to showing preference for U.S. service providers in government procurement – “Buy American” – the administration was also seeking to provide grants to fund the construction of bridges and other infrastructure projects – “Buy America”.
Dr. Navarro added the administration would also be taking a “really hard look” at free trade agreements which abrogate U.S. companies’ ‘Buy American’ rights, requiring the government to treat foreign bidders the same as domestic bidders.
Similar provisions on competition and tendering have been the bane of British steelmakers and manufacturers within the European Union. The UK has seen lucrative contracts to build armoured vehicles and police cars, among other items, outsourced to rivals on the continent.
Asked if this was protectionism, Dr. Navarro answered confidently that “the ‘P’ word [is] often used to diminish and scare”.
In the Trump administration, he added, “We just don’t go down that road. We make no bones about the fact that it’s America first in the administration.”



ARTICLE
“‘Buy American’ is something that goes back to the 1930s,” Navarro explained. “It’s a policy which basically says that if we’re going to use taxpayer dollars, we should use those taxpayer dollars on American companies and American workers. It’s a great way for this country to revive its economy, to strengthen its manufacturing base, and it’s a bedrock policy.”
“There’s two aspects of it. There’s the ‘Buy American’ side, which is basically the government procurement. You have Buy America, which is the grants that go to build bridges and things like that. Over the years, the problem we’ve had is that although we have the laws on the books, our bureaucracy really doesn’t enforce it,” he said. 
“What we did with this executive order this week – and it was a great, great executive order and a great day for America – we basically change the way the bureaucracy is going to start thinking about this,” he said. 
Navarro said “the Trump culture is, essentially, Buy American, Hire American,” a philosophy it will express through strict monitoring and enforcement of those long-neglected laws and by minimizing the use of waivers, “which are very frequently used to undermine Buy America.”
“There’s something called the ‘melted and poured standard’ for steel, to treat it as Buy American. We’ve had slippage in that, where steel labs are coming in from foreign countries, often dumped into our markets, and transformed into something else and called ‘American.’ It’s 90 percent of the steel production, so we closed that loophole,” he said.
“And then another aspect of it – and no administration has ever tackled this; this may surprise your listeners – in our free trade agreements, there’s almost sixty of them out there with sixty different countries. We actually surrender our Buy American rights,” he added. “We treat foreign bidders for government procurement the same way we treat U.S. bidders. We’re going to take a really hard look at it. The reason why we’ve done that in the past, at least according to the spin, is that we’re going to get more business in foreign countries than we’ll give up here in America. But the studies we’ve seen so far suggest it’s just the opposite, in a big way.”
“This is a great way to move forward, building our jobs base. If we get the one trillion dollar package for infrastructure moving, and Congress is going to have to move on that with us, Buy American plus infrastructure is just going to be great for America,” he enthused.
Marlow asked Navarro to respond to criticism that “Buy America” is merely a form of protectionism.
“I would say it’s defense – defense of the American worker, defense of the American manufacturing base, defense of how we spend our tax dollars,” Navarro responded. “The problem, as you know, is that the ‘p’ word is often used to diminish and scare. We just don’t go down that road. We make no bones about the fact that it’s America First in this administration. We’re going to do what’s best for the people of Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, from California to Florida, all around this great land. Buy American policies are an essential part of that.”
“Let’s remember this: this is our taxpayer dollars This is not like going into the private market. This is public dollars spent on public infrastructure,” he argued. “We believe very strongly that that should be built with American hands, and built by people who manufacture and produce in this country.”
Marlow asked for the Trump administration’s policy toward the North American Free Trade Agreement, which President Trump has described as a “disaster,” both during his campaign and recently from the White House.
“NAFTA is a disaster,” Navarro agreed. “We’re either going to have a new NAFTA with Mexico and Canada separately that works for the American people – workers, manufacturers, farmers, and ranchers – we’re either going to have that, or we’re going to be out of NAFTA. There’s no third way here. The president has made that clear.”
“One of the things I’ve learned inside the perimeter here, the first almost hundred days, is at least half of what I read in the press – doesn’t matter what paper it is, Post, Journal, Times, whatever – it just doesn’t accurately reflect what goes on inside the perimeter,” he said. “On NAFTA, it’s clear: we’re going to either get a new good one, or we’re going to get out.”
Marlow noted there has also been some “intrigue” surrounding TTIP, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership.
“Here’s another one where it looked like that was dead,” he said. “I was told Nigel Farage was on the show yesterday saying it’s dead, and then Paul Ryan comes out and says the U.S. could chart a path forward on it.”
“I don’t speak for Paul Ryan or Congress, but what the president has said is, this administration prefers bilateral deals because it maximizes our negotiating leverage,” Navarro responded. “I think there’s going to be a lot of talk about things like that because we’re getting ready for the G7 meetings, but today, I have no comment on that. What I can tell you is that we’re going to deal with NAFTA as the president promised.”
He promised there would soon be news on the administration’s determination to review trade deals beyond NAFTA.
“We’ve already undertaken an omnibus investigation of trade abuses,” he pointed out. “Don’t underestimate that. This is being done by the Department of Commerce with the USTR [the United States Trade Representative]. What the secretary of Commerce is going to do, and he is one strong trade warrior, he’s going to look at every way that foreign countries are having their way with us, and we’re going to basically figure out how to respond to that under the principle of fair and reciprocal trade.”
“There’s also the issue of the trade agreements themselves, and that will be dealt with at some point as well,” Navarro promised. “This administration is strongly, strongly committed to getting trade right because if we don’t get trade right, we don’t get the economy right. If we don’t get the economy right, we don’t get our tax base right. Nothing has changed in terms of that.”
Navarro said trade deficits “matter a great deal” to the Trump administration.
“The trade deficit right now is about $700 billion annually, the trade deficit in goods,” he noted. “Now, I say ‘the trade deficit in goods’ for your listeners, that basically means all the manufactured products. When you offset that with the positive surplus we have in services, our deficit is still $500 billion.”
“The best way, in my judgment, to think about the deficit is through the trade deficit in goods because those are the higher-paying manufacturing jobs, the production jobs, that we need basically to rebuild our economy, our manufacturing base, our supply chain, our tax base,” he contended.
“And so number one, we need to get that eliminated. We can do a tremendous amount to do that. Number two, and here’s the point I think is lost on a lot of the people who think deficits don’t matter: if you run these things consistently and persistently, at a large amount like we’re doing, we’re basically transferring the net worth of our country to foreigners. Those deficits are basically turned into debt we owe the world, and that comes due in the form of foreigners buying our bonds, our assets, our companies, our homes, our farmland,” he said. 
“It’s a process that none other than that great arch-conservative Warren Buffett – and I say that tongue-in-cheek – called ‘conquest by purchase.’ When we run these large deficits, we’re basically turning over our country, over time, to the rest of the world. So it’s important to get the deficits down,” he urged.
“The other side will tell you, ‘Well, it’s driven by savings and investment patterns, and we save too little, and the Asian countries or whatever save a lot more, so they’re frugal. No. The reality is, if you take 100 percent tariff on motorcycles in India, like we have on Harley-Davidson, right, and you eliminate that tariff and we sell more Harleys to India, our deficit goes down, the savings rate in India goes down, investment flows adjust, and life is better for people in Milwaukee,” he maintained.
“You can go chapter and verse through every aspect of our trade deficit and trade abuses and see that if we correct those trade abuses – whether it’s illegal export subsidies, the theft of our intellectual property, or sweatshop labor – if we do that, our deficit will go down, and that will be a good thing,” Navarro promised.
Another promise Navarro made was that the H-1B visa program would be reformed.
“The executive order we had took a step towards that reform. The problem, as you know, is that we run a massive lottery system for those visas,” he said. 
“What’s happened over time is you had some big companies essentially be able to basically stuff the lottery box with applications and skew that in their favor – so when the lottery hits, American workers never win the lottery in a way which is good for American workers. Which is to say, the lottery goes to foreign workers that come in and replace Americans, rather than providing the high-skilled workers that we may not be able to get, which is what the H-1B visa program was supposed to do,” he elaborated. 
“That’s not going to happen anymore,” Navarro vowed. “We’ve got to move to a merit-based system, rather than a lottery. But that’s just the tip of the iceberg of Hire American. The bottom line is, the coherent message from the White House is that our visa programs are going to be structured in a way which does not result in the displacement of American workers by lower-wage people coming in under the disguise of visas that are supposed to be used for other purposes.”
Navarro painted a grim “big picture” of how poor trade deals have impacted American culture.
“They’re killing hope. They’re killing our manufacturing base and everything in between. That’s what we have to turn around. That $700 billion-a-year trade deficit in goods is essentially the proxy for the decline of the American economy, the American manufacturing base, all the weight and downward pressure that is put on wage growth,” he said.
“We have to turn that around. There’s a lot of different ways to do it, but trade reform has to be the tip of that spear. We need tax reform, trade reform, regulatory reform, and cheaper energy. We do all four points of that compass, and we will perform well as a country and an economy. That’s our mission,” Navarro declared.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.




ARTICLE
The letters, sent to the relevant authorities in New York City, Chicago, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Miami, Milwaukee, and the “sanctuary state” of California, makes clear that Byrne Grants, a major program by which the federal Department of Justice funds local law enforcement, will be withheld if these jurisdictions do not do their part to enforce federal immigration law.
In order to avoid losing their funding, the cities and California must provide the Justice Department documented proof of compliance with 8 USC § 1373 no later than June 30. That law states that:
[L]ocal government entity or official may not prohibit, or in any way restrict, any government entity or official from sending to, or receiving from, the Immigration and Naturalization Service information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual.
The accompanying press release noted the skyrocketing crime rates that have plagued these non-compliant jurisdictions and stressed the need to cooperate on immigration in order to fight growing transnational crime organizations like MS-13.
Combating the recalcitrance of santuary cities has been a cornerstone of Sessions’s policy so far at the Department of Justice. Friday’s move makes good on an earlier pledge to withhold federal funding from sanctuary cities.



ARTICLE
In an interview with Fox News’ Martha MacCallum, Kelly, with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, reassured Americans that border wall construction will soon be underway.
“I think something in the neighborhood of 100 companies from across the nation have shown interest and are starting to put together their prototypes,” Kelly said. “Of course, contracting is a pretty complicated business in the federal government, unfortunately. Too complicated. But I think by late spring, early summer we’ll have some prototypes.”
Kelly visited the southern border in Texas and California with Sessions, where they met with U.S. Border Patrol agents and local officials about the necessity for the border wall.
Earlier this month, Breitbart Texas reported how the House GOP, along with House Democrats, had been potentially looking to drop funding for the infrastructure, despite the majority of Americans supporting an end to illegal immigration through the southern border.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, in a statement to The Hill, seemed to concede that border wall funding would not be included in the GOP budget, saying the funds would come at a later date.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
White House aides are preparing for a shutdown next week, if budget negotiations fail in Congress.
The White House released information to reporters on Friday, announcing that the Office of Management and Budget was taking steps to prepare for any lapse in federal appropriations.
“While we do not expect a lapse, prudence and common sense require routine assessments to be made,” Director of Office of Management and Budget Mick Mulvaney announced on a paper handout made available to reporters.
The idea is not new to the federal government, as federal offices drafted government shutdown plans in August 2015.  White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that the plans were required steps and a routine part of interagency communications.
“We remain confident we’re not going to have a shutdown,” Spicer said. 
Congress will return from Easter break next week, facing an April 28 deadline to pass a continuing resolution to keep the government open.
A White House official noted that they “strongly believes a lapse should not — and will not — occur,” but said that the preparations were a result of “prudent management.”
The Office of Management and Budget orders agencies to develop and maintain plans for a government shut down, asking them to submit and review a plan every two years.
 



ARTICLE
“There were police in the street when the person started shooting,” Finney, 51, whom friends call “Jack” added, recalling the moments he and his family (pictured) witnessed a terrorist rampage on the streets of Paris.
“The shooter was very thin. He looked to be of Muslim or Islamic descent. His skin tone was darker, but it wasn’t black. He had facial hair, but it was light, it wasn’t a full beard,” Finney continued. “We saw one shooter, but we heard later there may have been two to four.”
“I looked him in the eye. My wife looked him in the eye. It was all very quick,” Finney said.
“He was spraying bullets, kind of in a half moon shape. My wife yells ‘run,’ and my boys start running, and I’m following them. I hear another burst of shots–about ten, and then another ten shots,” Finney says of the attack.
Finney added, “we did not see the hit, but we saw one of the policemen fall to the ground” when asked if he saw anyone hit by the bullets.
“It was all really quick. It was one of those things in slow motion. When it happens to you, it’s so quick, you just react,” Finney emphasized.
“I was very proud of how how my wife and three boys reacted. They were urgent, but not panicked. There are people panicking everywhere. One lady with a baby fell down, and my son helped her up. Then another lady fell down and hit her head, and I helped her up,” he notes.
Finney said the attack happened at 9:02 pm local time.
“My wife sent a text just as it happened. It was 9:02 pm local time. Right now it’s 12:43 am local time,” he said.
“We ran into the Swatch Watch shop, which was about 35 feet away from the shooter. The management there was fantastic. They pulled down the metal door,” he added.
“We were locked down there for about two hours. They had French Special Forces out in the street. There were all kinds of helicopters around. Then after about two hours, they evacuated us out of the Swatch Watch shop, and got us back to our hotel, where we are now,” Finney said.
“From what I saw, this was a pretty big event. At the time, we felt they were still searching for other terrorists. I can’t say enough great things about the French police. I can’t say enough great things about the French people.
“I was told there was an actual warning given to the military that an event like this might happen. I wish they had made us aware of that. There were thousands of people on the street at the time.”
Finney praised what he said was “the heroic behavior of the French Police.”
Finney and his wife, Dr. Angela Maggard, were in Paris with their three sons, one 16 and twins aged 14,  to celebrate the couple’s 30th wedding anniversary.
Earlier in the day, Finney, his wife, and their three boys had visited the Phoenix Hotel then gone out to a restaurant for dinner.
“We wanted to show our boys where we stayed thirty years ago,” Finney said.
Finney wanted Breitbart News to know two key points about the attack.
“One, it was a terrorist attack,” he said.
“Two, it was placed around the election.”
Early Friday morning, The Standard reported Finney’s account of the terrorist attack he and his family witnessed:
A terrified family caught up in the attack have revealed today how they looked the gunman “in the eyes” before running for their lives as he opened fire on police.
John Finney, 51, shielded his wife and children as they fled the attacker.
The Finney family, tourists visiting Paris en route to London from their home in Kentucky. were walking down the famous boulevard when a series of blasts rang out.
Mr Finney told the Standard: “My wife and I looked him in the eye. It was like slow-motion. We are blessed to be alive.”
His 16-year-old son Jack said: “There was a single gunman in black clothes on the sidewalk in between a hotel and a police van. Three rounds of machine gun fire were shot off.
“He was about 20ft from us on the crowded street. It was a Kalashnikov, all black. It was very terrifying.
“Everyone started running including me. We saw a few people fall. My dad held his arms out and covered as much of us as he could as we ran away, not sure if we were going to be shot at.
“I knew more and more attacks have been happening here but I really didn’t expect one to happen as I walked down such a famous street.”
The family sought refuge in a nearby branch of Swatch along with other shocked witnesses before being given the all-clear by police more than two hours later.
Mr Finney said that French special forces and bomb squads were “sweeping every inch of the area involved” following the attack.
He said his family, who are scheduled to travel on to London on Sunday, would not be scared into returning home early.
He said: “We will not live in fear and we will not bow to the terrorists.”
“John Finney, an American tourist from Kentucky visiting Paris with his family told NBC News that he had been 10 feet away when the shooter opened fire,” NBC News reported:
“I stopped to buy my wife a rose and I think if I hadn’t done that I wouldn’t be here speaking to you right now,” Finney said. “We saw the shooter get out of the car, he had a gun. To me, it looked like an AR-15 [and] he started popping of rounds.”
Finney added: “It was chaos. People were spreading out, running all over the place, falling down, trampling each other. It was real panic.”



ARTICLE
If President Donald Trump really cared about Syrian children “killed by noxious gases,” Juan Cole argues, he would protect them from global warming and carbon dioxide – a “far more deadly gas.”
“The gas attack in Syria on April 4 consumed the world’s attention and galvanized the Trump White House, leading to the launch of 59 cruise missiles on a small airport from which the regime of Bashar al-Assad has been bombing the fundamentalist rebels in Idlib province,” Cole wrote in the article, which was posted on Tuesday.
“The pictures of suffering children, Trump said, had touched him,” Cole wrote. “Yet the president and most of his party are committed to increasing the daily release of hundreds of thousands of tons of a far more deadly gas—carbon dioxide.”
Cole cited the claim of climate scientist James Hansen, who said CO2 emissions from the United States are like “setting off 400,000 Hiroshima atomic bombs each day, every day of the year.”
Cole also claims that the civil war in Syria between the barbaric Assad regime, opposition rebels, and radical Islamic terrorists that has resulted in the death of hundreds of thousands of people was, in part, caused by global warming or climate change.
“The severest drought in recorded modern Syrian history in 2007–10, however, made its contribution,” Cole said.
Cole also cites a paper by Professor Michael Mann of Pennsylvania State University, which blames extreme weather — and coal miners — for the flood in 2010 in Pakistan that killed 2,000 people.
“If Trump is tenderhearted about dead children, perhaps he should consider those his beloved coal industry helped to drown at that time,” Cole said.
Cole also blamed climate change for the death of a young Syrian boy who died fleeing the country with his family by boat.
“Aylan was a Syrian refugee, not only from war, but from climate change,” Cole said, adding that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt are motivated by “profits for themselves and their cronies.”
CO2 emissions have been beneficial to the planet and its inhabitants, according to the federal National Aeronautics and Space Administration in an April 2016 post on its website:
From a quarter to half of Earth’s vegetated lands has shown significant greening over the last 35 years largely due to rising levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide, according to a new study published in the journal Nature Climate Change on April 25.
An international team of 32 authors from 24 institutions in eight countries led the effort, which involved using satellite data from NASA’s Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectrometer and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer instruments to help determine the leaf area index, or amount of leaf cover, over the planet’s vegetated regions. The greening represents an increase in leaves on plants and trees equivalent in area to two times the continental United States.
In a 2015 paper produced for the Global Warming Policy Foundation, Indur Goklany, a science and technology policy analyst who has previously represented the United States on the United Nation’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), said that the rising level of carbon dioxide in the Earth’s atmosphere “is currently net beneficial for both humanity and the biosphere generally”.
“Carbon dioxide fertilizes plants, and emissions from fossil fuels have already had a hugely beneficial effect on crops, increasing yields by at least 10-15 percent,” Golkany said in the paper.
“This has not only been good for humankind but for the natural world too, because an acre of land that is not used for crops is an acre of land that is left for nature,” Golkany said.
Increasing crops yields has helped reduce hunger and improved human well-being, Golkany said.



ARTICLE
Quist is endorsed by Bernie Sanders (I-VT), as they share some of the same socialist positions, including support for single payer healthcare.
The HuffPo reports that Quist describes gun ownership “a way of life,” yet simultaneously supports placing restrictions on “assault weapons.” He says that “assault weapons” are “only meant to kill people.”
Quist also says he opposes a ban on abortion, and recounts the tough financial times he and his wife faced when she became pregnant with their daughter. He says they decided not to abort their daughter, but would not not want to deny other parents the opportunity to choose abortion if in the same struggle.
Quist originally shared this with the Daily Chronicle and HuffPo quoted him saying:
[It] was a heavy time for us, it couldn’t have come at a worse time. We made the decision to have this child, and my daughter is now the light of my life. I don’t know what I would do without her. But on the other hand, I wouldn’t want the government getting in the middle of that decision. That was a decision we needed to make personally.
Quist will be facing Republican Greg Gianforte, who is currently running a commercial which stresses that Second Amendment protections cannot be diced up. He opens the ad by saying, “Some folks just don’t get it, our Second Amendment rights are not up for negotiation.”

Whereas Bernie Sanders will stump for Quist throughout Montana, The Hill reports that pro-gun Donald Trump Jr. will be stumping for Gianforte.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
The offer follows weeks of determined Democratic opposition — amid determined waffling by top GOP leaders — to any funding for Trump’s wall during this year.
“We have our list of priorities,” budget director Mick Mulvaney said at a business conference on Thursday. He continued: 

Won’t surprise anyone what some of them are. We want more money for defense. We want to build a border wall. We want more money for immigration, law enforcement. The Democrats may have some of their own priorities. I [already] indicated making some of these payments for the Obamacare subsidies is one of their priorities. Okay, that’s fine. We’re willing to be at that discussion if they want to have it and that’s what we’re telegraphing … we understand they have a certain amount of leverage in the Senate because we do need 60 votes [to get funding]. So we need some sort of bipartisan support in the Senate. They are entitled under that set of circumstances to get some of their priorities funded. It is ripe for some type of negotiated agreement that gives the president some of his priorities and Democrats some of their priorities. We think we’ve opened the door [to a compromise]. I know that we have.

Democrats may be open to that compromise. On Wednesday, the Democrats’ Senate leader, Sen. Chuck Schumer told reporters that Democrats are trying to preserve funding for Obamacare. “We’re working hard to get it in the bill. We’re very hopeful, negotiations seem to be going quite well … We want to make a good budget that meets our principles … so far, so good,” he said, according to a report from BNA.com.
Democrats will pay a price for obstructing Trump’s priorities, Mulvaney warned.

If [Democrats] tell us to pound sand, I think that’s probably a disappointing indicator of where the next four years is going to go. If they tell us, however, that they recognize that President Trump won an election, and he should get some of his priorities funded for that reason, elections have consequences, as folks who win always like to say.”

For months, GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have declined to champion funding Trump’s wall in the 2017 budget supplemental, which is due April 28. Trump has asked for roughly $1 billion to install or upgrade roughly 60 miles of border walls and fences this year. 
GOP leaders are reluctant to fund the wall, in part, because they don’t want to trade some of their budget priorities to persuade the Democrats to compromise on their full-throated opposition to Trump’s wall. Many Democrats fervently oppose the wall, which would literally and symbolically cement his 2016 victory and also block the migration of consumers, cheap workers, and future voters into Democratic-dominated cities. 
Also, GOP leaders know their business donors oppose the wall, which would reduce the inflow of illegal-alien consumers and workers to the corporate members of the many Chambers of Commerce throughout the United States.
Democrats know the GOP leaders are not willing to champion’s Trump’s wall, so they are escalating their opposition to Trump’s wall and his border reforms, such as greater enforcement of current laws. For example, Democrats are threatening to block all budget funding — and so shut down many government agencies — unless they get their way. 
On Wednesday, Schumer said all extra immigration funding should be held up until the next round of budget debates in the fall of 2017.  “We think that the immigration issue should be discussed in the 2018 budget where there’s votes and discussion and nothing should be shoved down people’s throats and that would apply to the many immigration issues that are before us, not just the wall,” Schumer said in a press call. BNA reported: 

Billions of dollars for the wall and other funds that Trump wants to boost enforcement have emerged among the “poison pill” riders that Schumer said could threaten passage of the omnibus by the time federal money runs out at midnight April 28. The government is operating under a stopgap continuing resolution because only one of the 12 fiscal 2017 bills was enacted last fall.
Schumer suggested that Democrats have considerable leverage in the talks over the details of the omnibus, which have continued during lawmakers’ two-week recess.
“Our Republican colleagues know they control the House, the Senate, the White House [and] a shutdown would fall on their shoulders and they don’t want it,” Schumer said.

On multiple occasions, GOP leader Ryan has said the Trump wall will be funded in the 2018 budget starting in October, while hinting it will get little funding for construction in 2017.  This month, Officials at the Department of Homeland Security 
However, officials at the Department of Homeland Security have been told by GOP budget leaders that they can reprogram some of their existing funds to pay for construction of prototype wall designs in June. 
In his Wednesday call with reporters, Schumer gloated that the GOP leaders are not supporting Trump’s budget request.  “I think there’s agreement, quiet agreement in the [GOP and Democratic budget leaders], that if the president doesn’t interfere and insist on poison pill amendments [funding for the wall] to be shoved down the throats of the Congress, we can come up with an agreement.”
Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com



ARTICLE
Dr. Derek Hagland, the assistant pastor at Grace Baptist Church in Michigan’s First District, had just taken the stage to recite an invocation when activists began chanting, “Separation of church and state!” to disrupt him:

“This guy was giving invocation,” Rep. Bergman’s communication director Farahn Morgan told Breitbart News. “He was not necessarily party affiliated in any way. That kind of reaction to him? It was the most aggressive that the crowd got during the entire event which was, quite honestly, shocking.”
She added that it was surprising that these activists refused “to engage in dialogue after months of demanding there be a dialogue. The display was upsetting for the constituents who attended and really wanted to participate in a dialogue and hear what the congressman thinks and share their thoughts with him in a constructive way. The activists’ behavior flew in the face of any constructive dialogue.” She described the incident as “a coordinated fiasco.”
Video footage of the event, provided to Breitbart News by an attendee, showed some Republicans and community leaders standing with their heads bowed during the prayer, despite the disruptive chants.
Some of the activists wore pink pussy hats, the same ones donned as a symbol of “resistance” during anti-President Donald Trump protests across the nation following his inauguration:


Morgan also noted that the interruption did not sit well with some of Rep. Bergman’s Democrat constituents. “A lot of Democrats approached us tonight and said they were embarrassed and apologized. They said those activists did not represent them or what they are about. I thought that was an interesting dynamic.”
Bergman, a retired three-star general who served in the Marine Corps, also held a town hall on Wednesday evening:


“Last night, the crowd was certainly more orderly,” Morgan said. She added that there was also a prayer recited Wednesday evening, “but local media live streamed last night’s event and many local groups watched it and planned how to react to tonight’s town hall.”
She said the group Indivisible was most likely one of the main groups involved in the disruption.
Morgan said Congressman Bergman felt “disappointed” by the display. Several hours earlier, he had tweeted his enthusiasm about holding constructive dialogue:

Gaylord town hall is just starting! Looking forward to some constructive dialogue. pic.twitter.com/Mt3TrB0zRl
— Rep. Jack Bergman (@RepJackBergman) April 20, 2017

“As a Christian, his faith definitely factors into his decision making. He also says the Constitution is ultimately the sort of guide and document that elected members of Congress have to abide by,” Morgan said. “He’s incredibly transparent about faith being an important part of his life. His faith is unequivocally what guides him, and he’s not apologetic about that at all.”
Recently, Rep. Bergman said, “We learned from England that mandated religion was not a good idea, and so we don’t mandate religion.”
Bergman, who serves on the Budget Committee, the Natural Resources Committee, and the Veterans Affairs Committee, was reportedly one of 54 freshmen congressmen to sign a letter agreeing to argue political issues without attacking those with whom he disagrees. According to the Traverse City Record Eagle, “He called the letter the hallmark of the House’s freshman class, plans on bringing that kind of civil discourse to his town halls and expects attendees to ‘treat adults like adults.'”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter.



ARTICLE
The arrests and indictments of the 17 defendants were the result of a year-long investigation into a Mexican drug cartel operation that smuggled narcotics into the United States from California to Colorado, according to a statement from the Department of Justice.
Jeff Dorschner, Spokesman for the Colorado U.S. Attorney’s Office, told Breitbart Texas, “During the course of this investigation law enforcement determined that a Mexican Cartel was involved. The identity of that cartel is not being released as it remains the subject of an ongoing criminal investigation.”
According to the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), the Sinaloa Mexican Drug Cartel is known to be the dominant drug cartel in both California and Colorado.

Of the 17 defendants, 11 are from Mexico, four from El Salvador, and two are from California. Seven of the defendants are considered fugitives.
The defendants are alleged to have brought large quantities of cocaine and methamphetamine into the United States through California using secret compartments in vehicles. The drugs were kept in stash houses in Aurora, Colorado, before being distributed at a local grocery store.
A money transfer station at the grocery store was used to send some of the proceeds back to Mexico. The rest of the funds were smuggled back in secret vehicle compartments.
“We are committed to dismantling and removing the threat posed by these criminal organizations flooding American communities with dangerous narcotics,” said Attorney General Jeff Sessions. “This organization is alleged to have moved large amounts of meth and cocaine from Mexico to Colorado, with devastating impact on communities in their wake. I want to congratulate the outstanding federal, state, and local law enforcement cooperation that resulted in this highly successful operation. Replicating this kind of aggressive law enforcement take down is critical to breaking the backs of these criminal organizations.”
The Defendants from Mexico are: Jose Tapia-Rubio, 58, (naturalized); Selestino Hernandez-Mayo, 45; Fredy Paz-Herrera, age unknown; “Bancholas”, age unknown, (thought to be from Mexico); Rodrigo Mora-Sanchez, 49, (naturalized); Oscar Mora-Campos, age unknown; Eduardo Jimenez-Sanchez, 37; “Changuito”, age unknown, (thought to be from Mexico); “Um-9584”, age unknown, (thought to be from Mexico); Leopoldo Rodriguez-Padilla, Age Unknown; And Heberto Mora-Sanchez, 43.
The Defendants from El Salvador are Lara Zamora-Cruz, age unknown; Claudia Lisseth-Lara, 41, (naturalized); Vilma L. Zamora, 67; and Jose Chica-Orellana, age unknown.
The Defendants from California are Juan Carlos Medina-Soberanis, 31; and Erik Parra.
The indictment contains 45 counts, including an asset forfeiture allegation against the stash houses that were used to hide the drugs.
Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.



ARTICLE
Though California Governor Jerry Brown commands the California National Guard, President Trump has the power to federalize it — just as President Dwight D. Eisenhower federalized the Arkansas National Guard in 1957 to integrate public schools. (The same Arkansas troops who had once blocked black students then escorted the students to school.)
Coulter was invited by the Berkeley College Republicans to speak on April 27. When Berkeley administrators balked, citing security concerns, critics noted the ironic suppression of free speech on a campus that prides itself on that ideal.
The administration then reversed its decision — but said that Coulter could speak on May 2. There are no classes on that date, and so Coulter rejected the offer, declaring that she intends to exercise her constitutional rights, as planned.
The controversy is a test of whether the prestigious campus that gave birth to the Free Speech Movement in 1964 will yield to the “heckler’s veto” in the form of potential violence by the same radical anarchist and “anti-fascist” groups that rioted and shut down a speech by then-Breitbart News tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos on the campus in February.
On Wednesday, conservative talk radio host Mark Levin floated the idea of federalizing the California National Guard. “[President Trump] should send his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, in there to walk Ann Coulter onto the Berkeley campus so she can give her speech… Either we have a Constitution, or we don’t!” Levin declared defiantly.
On Thursday, Richard Eber, writing at the conservative blog California Political News and Views, added his assent:
Are we to continue to accept the words of UC spokesman Dan Mugolof who commented “It has nothing to do with anyone’s political views? We believe in unqualified support to the First Amendment. But we also have an unqualified focus on safety of our students.”
Baloney! If such logic were used during the civil rights movement, Rosa Parks would still be standing in the back of the bus. Lester Maddox would still be waving ax handles to keep African Americans from eating at his lunch counter. Martin Luther King would have been forced to cancel his “I Have A Dream” oration because of security considerations …
With the crisis of enforcing the first amendment becoming so acute, President Trump needs to federalize the National Guard and make sure individuals such as Ann Coulter are allowed to speak their views on immigration policies or any other topics they choose. This goes for college campuses and elsewhere.
After the anti-Milo riots at Berkeley in February, President Trump threatened to suspend federal funds to the university.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Bulmaro Mejia-Maya, 29, was arrested in Jacksonville, Florida, on Wednesday and was charged with the first-degree murder of Tiffany Thrasher, 33. Other charges Mejia-Maya faces include home invasion and aggravated criminal sexual assault, according to CBS Chicago.
“U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) filed a detainer on Bulmaro Mejia-Maya after his arrest by the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office on April 19, 2017,” ICE said in an email to Breitbart Texas.
Thrasher was found dead in her apartment by police after her friends requested a well-being check on her for missing Easter services.
Investigators say that Mejia-Maya lived in the same apartment complex as Thrasher although it was not clear if the two had met.
Authorities say they tied Mejia-Maya to the murder based on physical evidence discovered and on interviews in which Mejia-Maya made “incriminating statements.”
Nearby Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has openly welcomed illegal aliens to his “sanctuary city.”
“We are still and always will be a welcoming city whether you’re an immigrant from Poland or Pakistan, Ireland or India, Mexico or Moldova where my grandfather came. If you believe in the America dream we welcome you to Chicago,” Emanuel said.
Emanuel has gone so far as to create a new ID program to ensure that illegal aliens get government services without exposing their identities to federal authorities.
“The new program was unveiled at a Chicago City Council meeting on Wednesday, and it protects illegal aliens from federal oversight by not collecting any copies of identification documents presented when illegals apply for the identification card,” Breitbart previously reported.
Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.



ARTICLE
“Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this,” he wrote on Twitter. “Will have a big effect on presidential election!”
One police officer was killed and two others were wounded after a gunman opened fire on them in the street just two days before the French start voting in the first round of the presidential election.
Nationalist candidate Marine Le Pen called for the French president to restore border controls to help secure the country and either expel or detain suspected Islamic radicals.
“Because our country is at war, the response must be global, total,” she said, according to Bloomberg.
Islamic State terrorists have claimed responsibility for the shooting.



ARTICLE
In a classic example of question-begging, Siders, assuming Trump is the catalyst, began his farcical explanation with a visit by Trump supporter (and then-Breitbart editor) Milo Yiannopoulos to the Berkeley campus in February.
But suppression of free speech at Berkeley by leftist mobs began long before.
As recently as 2014 — during the 50th anniversary celebrations of the Free Speech Movement, no less — a mob of left-wing radicals broke up a speech by entrepreneur Peter Thiel, bursting into the hall where he was speaking to students and forcing him to flee for his physical safety. The event occurred long before Trump declared his candidacy for the presidency, and even longer before Thiel became a Trump supporter.
In 2000, as Breitbart News’ Daniel J. Flynn recalled, “a similar mob, including many looking like they had crawled out from under a dock in the marina at the end of University Avenue, drowned my words with shouts of “murderer,” “racist,” and “Nazi.” They attempted to rip the microphone cord from the wall. A hirsute man ‘mooned’ me. And, in one last indignity, the hecklers seized my writings to fuel an actual book burning.”
Flynn added: “This all happened under the watchful eyes of two pleasant Cal policewomen.”
Little has changed. During the anti-Milo riot, the campus police were ordered to take as little action as possible as the intolerant mob destroyed public property.
To add insult to injury, the student editors of the Daily Californian then defended the anti-Milo rioters by publishing a series of essays justifying the use of violence to shut down conservative speech.
Trump is only the latest pretext. The reason that Berkeley has become a hotbed of violence is that the campus has long ago rejected the ideals of the Free Speech Movement, and embraced a totalitarian “progressive” mindset that rejects all dissent.
There are occasional exceptions. Almost a year before Thiel spoke, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) addressed a standing-room-only crowd at Berkeley, and received a standing ovation.
But that was before Black Lives Matter was launched — and before the media began excusing violent riots carried out in the name of that cause.
In between radical movements, the intolerance festers at Berkeley, waiting, opportunistically, to emerge as “protest.”
As one of the veterans of the original Free Speech protests in 1964, philosopher John Searle, lamented in 2014,  Berkeley has not achieved that movement’s goals, partly because of its hostility toward conservative views.
In explaining the latest violence by reference to Trump alone, Politico’s Siders has repeated a mistake the media made — at times deliberately — in reporting the 2016 campaign: namely, blaming Trump for violence deliberately launched by leftists with the self-described goal of creating a sense of “anarchy” around the candidate and fear among the public.
It is precisely because the media fail to hold the campus left accountable that the problems at Berkeley, and other campuses, persist.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
Speaking in Tel Aviv alongside his Israeli counterpart Avigdor Liberman, Mattis said the Iranians “appear to be living up to their part of the agreement.” The nuclear deal “continues to be in force,” the Pentagon chief said
However, he also warned “that in no way mitigates against or excuses the other Iranian activities in the region including the war in Yemen that grinds on and what they’re doing in Syria” to keep Syrian President Bashar Assad in power. “But the agreement on nuclear issues still stands and that’s all I can say about it,” he added.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Rivlin told the religious figures that Israel’s thoughts were with the region’s oppressed Christian communities, including those murdered and wounded in the ongoing Syrian Civil War and those being attacked by Islamic State, including the dozens killed in twin suicide bombings in Egyptian Coptic churches on Palm Sunday.
The president noted that the Jewish people “know better than any what it means to pray in fear, and suffer from terrorism,” and vowed Israel would “protect your freedom of worship, your security and the security of your holy sites.”
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Mattis, speaking during a press conference with Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman, declined to comment on the number of weapons Washington believes Syria has retained.
US President Donald Trump’s administration carried out a strike against a Syrian airbase earlier this month over an alleged chemical attack on a rebel-held town.
“The bottom line is there can be no doubt in the international community’s mind that Syria has retained chemical weapons in violation of its agreement and its statement that it had removed them all,” Mattis said.
“It’s a violation of the United Nations Security Council resolutions, and it’s going to have to be taken up diplomatically, and they’d be ill-advised to try to use any again. We’ve made that very clear with our strike.”
An Israeli assessment has found that Assad’s regime was still in possession of “a few tonnes” of chemical weapons, a military official confirmed.
Assad, backed by his ally Russia, has strongly denied the allegation that his forces used chemical weapons against the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhun on April 4, describing it as a “100 percent fabrication”.
He has said repeatedly that his forces turned over all chemical weapons stockpiles in 2013, under a deal brokered by Russia to avoid threatened US military action.
The agreement was later enshrined in a UN Security Council resolution.



ARTICLE
On April 9, U.S. Pacific Command put out a press release, stating that its commander, Navy Adm. Harry Harris, had directed the USS Carl Vinson “to sail north” after departing Singapore that day.
The release stated that the “Carl Vinson Strike Group… will operate in the Western Pacific rather than executing previously planned port visits to Australia.”
However, what was not stated was that military exercises with the Australian Navy were not canceled, and the carrier would still do them before heading up north.
Reuters first reported the move, not mentioning the exercises were not canceled:
A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea’s advancing weapons program.
CNN then published a story headlined: “US aircraft carrier-led strike group headed toward Korean Peninsula.”
A US aircraft carrier-led strike group is headed toward the Western Pacific Ocean near the Korean Peninsula, a US defense official confirmed to CNN.
The move of the Vinson strike group is in response to recent North Korean provocations, the official said.
National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster said on Fox News the next day, it was “prudent” to move the strike group near the Korean Peninsula because “North Korea has been engaged in a pattern of provocative behavior.”
The idea that an aircraft carrier was heading to the Korean Peninsula seemed to underscore Trump’s tough talk against North Korea, and fed the media’s narrative that Trump was dangerously close to starting a war with North Korea, as it prepared for a possible nuclear weapons test later that week.
Two days later, on April 11, a reporter asked Defense Secretary Jim Mattis about the change in plans. He also implied the carrier strike group was headed north.
“She’s just on her way up there because that’s where we thought it was most prudent to have her at this time. There’s not a specific demand signal or specific reason why we’re sending her up there,” he said.
Mattis misspoke when asked why Pacom made a public announcement, and whether it was to send a message to North Korea. He said the Vinson was no longer taking part in a planned exercise with the Australians, versus just canceling the port visits.
“I believe it’s because she was originally headed in one direction for an exercise, and we canceled our role in that exercise, and that’s what became public. We had to explain why she wasn’t in that exercise,” Mattis said.
Voice of America caught the mistake, reporting on April 11: “Despite comments from the U.S. secretary of defense, the Navy says the USS Carl Vinson Strike Group is still participating in planned exercises with the Australian Navy.”
The Pentagon later corrected the transcript of Mattis’ comments.
However, the report and the Pentagon’s correction got little notice, and the idea that Vinson was headed to North Korea as a show of force was already taken as fact, including by the president.
The next day, President Trump told Fox Business News: “We are sending an armada, very powerful.”
On April 17, Defense News reported that the ships were conducting the scheduled exercises with Australian forces in the Indian Ocean, according to photos put out by the Navy’s own social media accounts.
The next day, the New York Times published a story headlined: “Breaking News: Aircraft carrier wasn’t sailing to deter North Korea, as U.S. suggested.”
News outlets then, in sensationalized headlines, characterized Trump as misleading the public, when most of them did not catch that the carrier was still participating in exercises with the Australian Navy.
The Los Angeles Times published an article headlined: “Trump said Navy ships were headed toward North Korea. They were going the other way.”
Liberal website Salon.com published an article reading: “Trump’s wrong-way ‘armada’: Strategic lie or idiotic blunder? Can it be both?”
Gizmodo wrote: “Experts Warn that Trump’s Lies About North Korea Hurt America’s Credibility.”
Media outlets also ridiculed White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer for explaining that the strike group would eventually make its way up to Korea.
The aircraft carrier is now indeed on its way towards the Korean Peninsula.
Mattis this week had a chance to clear up his earlier statement when traveling with reporters to the Middle East. He said the Pentagon was trying to be open by announcing the change in the Vinson’s schedule, and that she is now indeed on her way up north.
Mattis’s remarks:
The bottom line is in our effort to always be open about what we’re doing, we said that we were going to change the Vinson’s upcoming schedule. The Vinson, as I said on the record, was operating up and down the western Pacific, and we were doing exactly what we said. And that is we are shifting her — instead of continuing one direction as she pulled out of Singapore, she’s going to continue part of her cruise down in that region, but she was on her way up to Korea.
We don’t generally give out ship schedules in advance, but I didn’t want to play a game either and say we were not changing the schedule. And in fact, we had.
So, we’re doing exactly what we said we were going to do. She will be on her way, and I’ll determine when she gets there and where she actually operates. But the Vinson is going to be part of our ensuring that we stand by our allies in the Northwest Pacific.



ARTICLE
The sense of urgency communicated by the officer marked an about-face from plans articulated by a senior commander just last November, prior to a widening police investigation into possible conflicts of interest between the office of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Kiel, Germany-based shipyard that builds the Dolphin-class submarines for the Israeli Navy.
At the time, a former commander, recently retired, noted that the Navy was only in initial study phases for a next-generation submarine. He estimated it could take years of study since “we’re talking about an entirely different submarine from the Dolphin or the Dolphin AIP.” He was referring to the first three Israeli-designed Dolphins and the follow-on three air-independent propulsion submarines contracted with the ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems, or TKMS, shipyard, all but one of which has been delivered.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
Mattis held talks with Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman on Friday morning, to be followed by meetings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Reuven Rivlin.
Israel and the United States have long had close strategic ties, with Washington providing Israel more than $3 billion per year in defence aid and President Donald Trump pledging unstinting support for the country.
Despite tensions over Israeli settlement building, Obama’s administration signed a new agreement with Israel before he left office increasing the amount to $3.8 billion for a 10-year period beginning in 2018.
Mattis hopes to hear directly from Israeli leaders on their concerns and what they expect from the Trump administration, a US defence official said.
Iran’s influence is at the top of the list for Israel, a worry shared by the United States. Trump has denounced Iran’s “harmful influence” in the Middle East.
Israel is closely watching Iran’s presence in neighbouring Syria, where it is backing President Bashar al-Assad.
Israeli enemy Hezbollah is also fighting with Assad in Syria. Israel fought a devastating war against the Iran-backed Lebanese Shiite movement in 2006.
“By establishing itself permanently in Syria with the support of Hezbollah, Iran wants to create a territorial axis linking its territory to Lebanon through Iraq and Syria, which could only endanger the security of Israel,” Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz said recently.
Israel has sought to avoid being dragged into the six-year civil war in Syria, but acknowledges carrying out air strikes there to stop what it says are deliveries of advanced weapons to Hezbollah.
Last month, in the most serious incident between the two countries since the Syria conflict began, Israeli warplanes struck several targets there, drawing retaliatory missile fire.
Israel used its Arrow interceptor to destroy what was believed to have been a Russian-made SA-5 missile, and Lieberman threatened to destroy Syria’s air defence systems “without the slightest hesitation” if it happened again.
– More F-35s –
Israel was also among the first countries to salute Trump for a recent US strike on a Syrian airbase over an alleged chemical attack on a rebel-held town.
Testy relations between Obama and Netanyahu reached a low point over a 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, led by Washington.
Obama pushed hard for the agreement, but Netanyahu fiercely opposed it, arguing it will not prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and that the lifting of sanctions would allow it to support proxy groups in the region.
Trump also harshly criticised the deal, and on Thursday said Iran was “not living up to the spirit” of the agreement, adding that the United States would set out its position on it soon.
On Tuesday, Trump ordered a review of the deal to be led by his National Security Council, although the State Department admits Iran has so far stuck to its side of the bargain.
In a further sign of close relations, Israel is to receive three more F-35 stealth fighter jets on Sunday, adding to two which arrived in December.
They are among 50 that Israel has agreed to buy from US aerospace giant Lockheed Martin.



ARTICLE
On March 16 Breitbart News reported that the House voted to repeal the gun ban for military veterans and ARS is asking gun controllers to convince their Senators not to follow suit.
ARS posted a link that helps gun controllers write a letter to their Senators. The text of the link says, “Write a letter to your Senators saying that you OPPOSE legislation that would prevent the Department of Veterans Affairs from submitting mental health records to the National Instant Criminal Background Checks System,”
This is nearly identical to the tactics gun controllers used in trying to preserve the Social Security gun ban, which was structured almost identically to the gun ban for military veterans. In both bans, beneficiaries with a mental health moniker whose benefits are sent to a third party for financial management can be stripped of their Second Amendment rights without due process. The key is the mental health label, although such a label is so broad it encompasses everything from severe mental illness–bi-polar disease and schizophrenia–to moderate, treatable issues that may only be temporary. These latter mental health conditions could be anxiety or depression.
Under such a framework, an 85-year-old Social Security beneficiary who needed help with finances and was suffering from depression over the recent death of a spouse would be in danger of losing his or her gun rights based on a Social Security Administration judgement. The House recognized this and voted to repeal the Social Security gun ban on February 2 and the Senate voted for repeal on February 15. President Trump signed the repeal on February 28.
The focus is now on repealing the gun ban for military vets; another ban that can put veterans with moderate, treatable mental health issues at risk of losing their Second Amendment rights.
Gabby Giffords’ gun control group is fighting the repeal, and Gabby Giffords and her husband Mark Kelly have launched smaller, satellite gun control groups which are opposing the repeal as well.
Our veterans deserve better, and the NRA-ILA’s Chris Cox  explained exactly why the gun ban needs to be repealed: “Receiving assistance to handle personal finances does not mean an individual is unable to safely own a firearm. Our brave men and women in the military should not be stripped of their constitutional rights without due process of law.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE
GLSEN urges students to take the lead in a “Day of Silence” in schools to demonstrate “the silencing effect of bullying and harassment on LGBTQ students.”

Where are you breaking the silence tomorrow? #DayofSilence → https://t.co/wG5J8oCxGw pic.twitter.com/uShPW0NjAn
— GLSEN (@GLSEN) April 21, 2017

The group calls upon students:
Make it official by registering your Day of Silence participation with GLSEN. The first 3,000 registrants will receive free swag to help you organize the day in your school…Make your voice heard. GLSEN’s Day of Silence is culminating in a massive call to action to make sure your governor is pushing for the most comprehensive and inclusive LGBTQ policies in schools.
“We empower students to affect change by supporting student-led efforts to positively impact their own schools and local communities,” the group states.

Florida State Rep. @CarlosGSmith shares his support for #DayofSilence. There's still time to register: https://t.co/8ZD1BtzoPG pic.twitter.com/tFzpsAUxRP
— GLSEN (@GLSEN) April 20, 2017

GLSEN states its mission is to ensure “safe and affirming schools for LGBTQ students.” The group has planted itself in schools across the nation, offering what it says are “developmentally appropriate resources for educators” that promote its agenda.
For example, GLSEN’s “LGBT-inclusive” education resources include Heather has Two Mommies for young children, a ThinkB4YouSpeak Guide for grades 6-12 that addresses “the negative consequences of anti-LGBT language,” and an “LGBT Pride Month Guide for Educators.”
A history and English Language Arts lesson – reportedly aligned with the Common Core standards – is offered on the story of Matthew Shepard, a young gay man who was murdered in 1998 and is now an icon for LGBT activists who use their version of his tragic death as a means of illustrating homophobic hate.
The story of Shepard’s murder, however, was debunked several years ago by investigative journalist Stephen Jimenez, who discovered that Shepard was not murdered by a stranger because he was gay, but rather by a fellow drug dealer with whom he often had sex.

A playlist 🎵 for #DayofSilence tomorrow, made by our National Student Council → https://t.co/yrtATJd7ch pic.twitter.com/MxwMafHWbW
— GLSEN (@GLSEN) April 20, 2017

In its latest press release, GLSEN announces a new report on the issue of transgender students’ bathroom use. The group says the report shows how “profoundly harmful and unnecessary policies that exclude transgender students from school facilities that match their gender can be on these children.”
GLSEN was founded by gay activist and former Obama administration “Safe Schools Czar” Kevin Jennings.



ARTICLE
It features a speech President Trump gave in May 2016 explaining exactly why he wanted to pull out:
“This agreement gives foreign bureaucrats control over our energy and how much we use right here in America. No way!”
He adds:
“We’re going to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and stop all payments of the United States’ tax dollars to UN global warming programs”.
The video concludes:
Mr President. Don’t listen to the Swamp. Keep your promise. Withdraw from the Paris climate treaty. Send it to the Senate.
Now, however, he appears to be having second thoughts. His administration is reportedly divided on the issue, with White House insiders including Jared Kushner and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arguing for the U.S. to remain inside the UN Paris agreement, supposedly in order to keep a “seat at the table.”
That would make it more expensive than a solid gold, diamond-encrusted seat at the table of King Croesus then. In fact, it would make it – at $65 trillion – the most expensive seat at the table in the history of the world.
And the $65 trillion, by the way, is a conservative estimate. This – according to calculations by Bjorn Lomborg – is the lower end estimate of how much it would cost the world if all the signatories of the Paris climate agreement stuck to their CO2 reduction commitments.
First, Bjorn Lomborg, accepting climate-change advocates’ assumptions about how much warming comes from carbon dioxide, showed in a peer-reviewed study that implementing all provisions of all signers to Paris would prevent only 0.306 degrees Fahrenheit of global warming by 2100.
What would it cost? Unofficial estimates by the United States, European Union, Mexico and China amount to $739-$757 billion per year.

Those parties account for about 80 percent of signatories’ emissions reduction pledges. Other pledges would have similar costs per unit, implying something in the range of $185-$189 billion.

All told, $924-$946 billion. Per year. Every year from 2030 to the end of the century. “And that’s if the politicians do everything right. If not, the real cost could double,” Mr. Lomborg said.
So, for $65-$132 trillion, we might — if the alarmists are right — reduce global average temperature by a third of one degree by 2100. That’s $212-$431 billion per thousandth of a degree of cooling.
But if you think things just couldn’t any more stupid, wait till you hear what the effect of pouring all that money down the drain on futile carbon-dioxide reductions schemes will have on the state of the Earth’s climate.
Here is what a peer-reviewed study by Bjorn Lomborg says.
It will, by 2030, reduce “global warming” by the almost immeasurable 0.048 degrees C.
And by the end of the century, it will reduce “global warming” by 0.17 degrees C.
This, of course, depends on the heroic assumption that all the signatories to the Paris agreement stick to their carbon dioxide emissions targets. Which they won’t a) because the targets aren’t legally binding or in any way enforceable and b) many countries – including the biggest polluter China – just don’t give a damn anyway: as far as they’re concerned, these UN climate targets are just a handy way of shackling idiot Western nations with regulations and maybe grabbing a bit of Western guilt-baksheesh.
Which very much suggests that President Trump’s first instincts were right: there is no logical reason as to why the US should pay even lip service to this ludicrous climate agreement – signed off by President Obama in the dog days of his failing administration, without Congressional approval.
That he is wavering on the issue now can, therefore, clearly not be excused as the hesitancy of a man who has studied the evidence more closely and been persuaded that to remain in the Paris agreement is the rational course of action.
Rather, it is further depressing evidence that President Trump is being got at by members of his inner circle who would prefer him to maintain the establishment status quo – however wrongheaded and counterproductive – than to fulfil his promise to drain the swamp.
When this administration finally makes its decision on this issue – it was due on Tuesday but the meeting was cancelled because the president had other appointments – we will be closer to answering one of the great questions of our time: who is going to win the battle for the soul of Trump presidency – the people or the swamp?



ARTICLE
Though there are several days left before the 100-day mark, it is already possible to evaluate President Trump’s performance, and to compare him to his predecessors.
As I will argue in this column next week — with much news still to come before then — President Trump has had a remarkably active first 100 days.
His major achievements have been in foreign policy and national security, where he has restored America’s military deterrent and reversed its international decline. He also appointed Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, signed over a dozen laws repealing existing federal regulations, drastically reduced illegal immigration, and renewed economic confidence.
In the face of unprecedented media opposition and Democratic “resistance,” Trump has endured some setbacks, notably the failure of the American Health Care Act, which was to have replaced Obamacare. But that effort will be revisited, along with tax reform, in the coming weeks. Absent major shocks, Trump has ample room to grow.
The media disagree. CNN, among others, is declaring him a failure, claiming he has a “short list of accomplishments.”
Some historical context is in order.
President Barack Obama did little of consequence in his first 100 days, aside from the ill-fated $862 billion stimulus and a failed executive order to close the prison at Guantánamo Bay.
Yet the mainstream media were effusive in their praise, with Jonathan Alter of Newsweek trumpeting the White House line: “Barack Obama has put more points on the board than any president since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933.” Only Lyndon Johnson did more, he claimed.
The media are often biased to favor Democratic presidents in this way, not only because of their political preference for Democrats, but also because of their ideological predilection for the idea of government “doing” something — putting “points on the board,” in Alter’s words, even if those “points” turn out to be useless or harmful.
As such, Trump will never be given the same credit for repealing regulations that Obama was given for introducing them, for example.
Until Trump, only Johnson and Ronald Reagan were considered effective in their first 100 days. As scholar William Lasser wrote in 2001, anticipating an embattled presidency for George W. Bush after the grueling Florida recount:
Few of Roosevelt’s successors have been even moderately successful during their early days in office, at least in terms of legislative accomplishments. Harry Truman, who took office after Roosevelt’s death in April 1945, spent his first four months in office presiding over the last days of World War II-hardly a time to work with Congress on new legislation. Dwight D. Eisenhower initially focused on his campaign promise to end the war in Korea, and, despite having a Republican-controlled Congress, expended little effort on legislative matters. John Kennedy likewise focused on foreign policy, and had little real success on the domestic side. Nor were Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, George [H.W.] Bush, or Bill Clinton spectacularly successful in their first few months in office.
Inexperience and disarray have also made several past presidents susceptible to rookie mistakes during the first 100 days. Jack Kennedy authorized the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba, for example, in April 1961. Bill Clinton’s early mistakes doomed his health care plan, while Jimmy Carter’s missteps greatly damaged his relationship with Congress and the federal bureaucracy.
The exceptions to the rule of ineffectiveness might be Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan. Johnson capitalized on his own legislative experience and the national trauma following the assassination of Jack Kennedy to push through the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and a major antipoverty measure. Then he built on his landslide reelection victory in November 1964 to win approval of the Voting Rights Act, Medicare, and a massive increase in federal aid to education. Reagan, who took office amidst high unemployment and high inflation and after a year-long hostage crisis in Iran, likewise acted quickly in 1981 to win congressional victories on tax and spending cuts (along with increases in military expenditures).
Trump has not passed major legislation in his first 100 days — but neither did Obama. Obamacare and Dodd-Frank would not be passed until 2010.
Arguably, the most important thing that happened in Obama’s first 100 days was that the stock market hit rock bottom. Shortly after Obama’s first 100 days, the Federal Reserve released optimistic results from its “stress tests” of U.S. banks, which helped the economic recovery — though it was the slowest since WWII.
Trump’s first 100 days have been far more consequential. His approval ratings are low by historical standards — thanks largely to hostile media — and he may yet struggle to pass his legislative agenda. Like Obama, Trump has energized his opponents. His own supporters worry he will stray from his promises. And Congress (unexpectedly) and the courts (predictably) have frustrated him.
Yet measured against his predecessors, Trump’s first 100 days place him in league with Reagan and Johnson, for sheer impact.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
“We’re doing very well on healthcare. We’ll see what happens. But this is a great bill. There’s a great plan. And this will be great healthcare,” Trump told a room full of reporters at a joint press conference with the President and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
“It’s evolving,” Trump added.
Congressional Republican leadership has struggled to make good on campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare. A hard push to pass House Republican leadership’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) has thus far failed to garner the votes needed for passage, with Republicans on both ends of the spectrum struggling to reconcile themselves to vote yes.
“You know, there was never a give-up,” Trump continued. “Remember, it took Obamacare 17 months. I’ve really been negotiating this for two months, maybe even less than that, because we had a 30-day period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days.”
After two scheduled House votes were canceled, Trump expressed the intent to move on to tax reform. The President tweeted that he blamed the House Freedom caucus for the bill’s demise, despite additional opposition from moderates to the bill that House Republican leadership crafted and championed.
Among the most vocal critics of the AHCA as the House leadership’s bill moved forward was Sen. Rand Paul. Just over a week after the canceled votes, Paul went golfing with Trump and the two talked about healthcare reform.
During the Thursday joint press conference, Trump continued:
But this has really been two months. And this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better. And it’s gotten really, really good. And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I’d like to say next week, but it will be — I believe we will get it. And whether it’s next week or shortly thereafter. As far as keeping the government open, I think we want to keep the government open.
Earlier this week Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that with the pushback on the aggressive timeline for healthcare, he didn’t expect tax reform to pass until after the August recess. He did however indicate that he expects tax reform to pass in 2017.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
Columbine was a gun-free zone in which a 17-year-old and 18-year-old shot and killed 13 defenseless individuals, then killed themselves. Twenty additional innocents were wounded as the two attackers fired their guns in a gun-free zone.
Since that attack, Newsweeek reports that the FBI lists four others that qualify as mass school shootings.
All four of these attacks are tragedies that no doubt caused severe heartache for the families of the innocents who were lost. Moreover, all four of the incidents were heinous crimes that involved the violation of numerous gun regulations and anti-gun policies that are already ensconced as laws and statutes. With that said, it is important to note how the left tries its hardest to swell the four mass school shootings into hundreds. In fact, the left’s reporting on mass shootings in general got so out of control in 2015 that Mother Jones editor Mark Follman called them out over it.
On December 3, 2015–the day after the heinous terror attack in San Benardino, California, Follman used a New York Times column to explain:
At Mother Jones, where I work as an editor, we have complied an in-depth open-source database covering more than three decades of public mass shootings. By our measure, there have been four “mass shootings” this year, including the one in San Bernardino, and at least 73 such attacks since 1982.
The important point to understand is that Follman was counting 73 mass attacks in any setting–school or otherwise–over a 43-year period, while the left was claiming 355 mass shootings for 2015 alone. Follman was sending a signal; he was telling leftists that they were losing all credibility because the FBI’s measure for a mass shooting is four fatalities in one incident. That is the measure. And when it is applied and the observer looks at mass school shootings alone, the total number of such incidents since April 20, 1999, is four.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE

Secy. @BetsyDeVosED talks with students in the Van Wert robotics program. pic.twitter.com/8TJz0uVspO
— US Dept of Education (@usedgov) April 20, 2017

DeVos and Weingarten visited the early childhood center, elementary, and high school campuses of Van Wert City Schools. Afterward, they met in a roundtable discussion with parents, students, and local and state leaders.
“I want to thank Van Wert City Schools for hosting today’s visit and for their dedication to their students of all ages and abilities,” DeVos said in a statement. “Ms. Weingarten and I had a very productive conversation and identified several areas of collaboration.”
“I look forward to continuing the conversation around how we can best give all students an equal opportunity to a great education that serves their needs,” the secretary said.

Secy. @BetsyDeVosED is visiting Van Wert City Schools today, "a public school district with much to be proud of…" https://t.co/DebwKbH6pb pic.twitter.com/JKsfTd9uGQ
— US Dept of Education (@usedgov) April 20, 2017

According to limaohio.com, protestors met DeVos holding signs that said, “School public schools,” “School choice is the real threat to rural schools, not grizzly bears,” and “School choice = less $$ public schools.”
WHIO also reported about a half dozen parked pickup trucks with American flags in support of President Donald Trump were placed in the high school parking lot for the visit.
The teachers unions have made clear their view that the Trump education department is a threat to public schools due to its keen investment in school choice.
“Look, she has made no secret up until this job, that she thought public schools were a dead end and she has worked as a lobbyist for two decades to dismantle them and defund them,” Weingarten told Fox Business, adding she asked to tour Van Wert schools with DeVos because the district “needs resources to do the things that they have been doing to create opportunities for students, and it is very much a poster child about how money matters and how public education matters — and it crosses party lines too.”
“Republicans feel as firmly about public education in this district as the Democrats do,” Weingarten said.

One of my fav parts of the day! Meeting w members from @OFTadvocate w @mcropper1 to hear stories and need pic.twitter.com/YvS6Ye20zH
— Randi Weingarten (@rweingarten) April 21, 2017

Van Wert City Schools superintendent Ken Amstutz described his district as “very Republican.”
“It’s definitely an area, she [DeVos] would feel comfortable coming to,” he said. “We are doing things well and we are doing a lot [of innovative] things too. We are also doing a lot of things for our special needs kids. We are pretty much in my mind ahead of the game.”
In an op-ed at U.S. News & World Report, Weingarten described the Trump administration’s proposed education budget cuts to after-school, summer, and teacher training programs as “cruel and craven”:
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos spent two decades defunding and destabilizing public schools in Michigan, and now she wants to spread that same agenda to every town and city in America… These are programs essential to meeting the social, emotional and academic needs of children. We can’t go back and undo what DeVos did in Michigan, but we can and must stand up and stop her from pushing this anti-public school agenda across the country.

My views are clear: I support all schools that put students first. Read more on @clevelanddotcom https://t.co/OUPqcWORc6
— Betsy DeVos (@BetsyDeVosED) April 20, 2017

DeVos, however, states she is focused on meeting the unique education needs of every child in America.
According to the U.S. Education Department press office, the secretary has now visited six traditional public schools.



ARTICLE
Jason Stallman, sports editor at the Times took the hit for an extremely deceptive tweet comparing Patriots attendance from a White House visit under former President Obama, and Wednesday’s visit with President Trump:

Patriots’ turnout for President Obama in 2015 vs. Patriots’ turnout for President Trump today: https://t.co/OxMEOqZonI pic.twitter.com/pLmJWhOw1j
— NYT Sports (@NYTSports) April 19, 2017

The 2015 picture, when the Patriots visited with President Obama, appeared to show a very large group of players and coaches around the then Commander-in-Chief. The 2017 photo with President Trump appeared to show a much, much smaller crowd.
The only problem with this is that the photos completely lacked context, a point made by the Patriots Twitter account, shortly after the New York Times tweet surfaced:

These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. https://t.co/iIYtV0hR6Y
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017

Not to be outdone, President Trump himself took a shot at the Times:

Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 20, 2017

Stallman took the hit for the bad tweet in an email to the Washington Post:
Bad tweet by me. Terrible tweet. I wish I could say it’s complicated, but no, this one is pretty straightforward: I’m an idiot. It was my idea, it was my execution, it was my blunder. I made a decision in about four minutes that clearly warranted much more time. Once we learned more, we tried to fix everything as much as possible as swiftly as possible and as transparently as possible. Of course, at that point the damage was done. I just needed to own it.
Later on Wednesday night, the Patriots posted two pics of their own, which compared crowd sizes the last time the Patriots won two Super Bowls in three years:

Comparable photos: The last time the #Patriots won two Super Bowls in three years, 36 players visited the White House. Today, we had 34. pic.twitter.com/Aslvf1RaXU
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017

Full credit should go to Stallman for taking responsibility for the tweet. However, the real credit should got to the Patriots. No one else in the mainstream press called the Times out for their out-of-context, partisan photo comparison. Had the Patriots not said anything, it’s likely no one would have.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn



ARTICLE
Net Neutrality is simply the spawn of the tech-socialists, the liberals that want to control the freedom of the internet. Ultraliberal advocacy groups were fueled by $196 million from the Soros and Ford Foundations. Silicon Valley giants like Google sent 250 personnel through the Obama administration and saw regulating ISPs (internet service providers) as a way to guarantee themselves access to below-market rates for bandwidth to benefit their subsidiaries such as YouTube. They achieved this goal by reclassifying internet service providers such as Comcast or Verizon as public monopolies using a Depression-era law designed to regulate the old AT&T Ma Bell telephone monopoly. Obama And the tech-socialists Stole the Internet From the People. Now We Must Take It Back.
Phil Kerpen wrote in an op-ed Thursday:
For over a decade, professional liberal organizers and agitators – backed by a tidal wave of big liberal foundations and Silicon Valley corporate money – have told a bizarre scare story that without heavy-handed government regulation, Internet service providers (ISPs) will start blocking what websites you can go to and impede free speech on the Internet.  No such thing happened in the approximately two decades that ISPs were unregulated ‘information services’ under the 1996 Telecom Act. Indeed the opposite occurred as robust competition between phone and cable companies – and later wireless companies – drove speeds dramatically higher and consumers benefited from an Internet that innovated beyond our wildest dreams.
Kerpen elaborated on the liberal end goals for Net Neutrality:
Robert McChesney, the founder of Free Press, was cited 46 times in the Obama Net Neutrality order. He even openly bragged, ‘At the moment, the battle over network neutrality is not to completely eliminate the telephone and cable companies. We are not at that point yet. But the ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in the phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.
Robert McChesney even said that “In the end, there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.”
Kerpen explained that everything changed when Trump was elected. “But you see that all changed when Donald Trump was elected President and nominated Ajit Pai as chairman of the FCC,” he noted. “They are already eliminating onerous regulations at the FCC, and now they can get rid of Net Neutrality.”
The American Commitment president explained that the liberal media has been lying to Americans about the benefits of Net Neutrality. “See the problem is that Ars Technica, The Verge, Wired, all these liberal tech websites 100% lied to you on Net Neutrality. The internet prospered under light regulation when there was no Net Neutrality.”
He continued, “The liberal media will also lie and smear Chairman Pai and President Trump to force Congress’s hand and keep Net Neutrality. Republicans need to do what they were elected to do: stand and fight. And win.”



ARTICLE
“New NASA data show that snowpack in the Tuolumne River Basin in California’s Sierra Nevada — a major source of water for San Francisco and California’s Central Valley — is currently larger than the four previous years of snowpack combined,” the article posted on NASA’s website said.
NASA’s Airborne Snow Observatory (ASO) took the measurement of the Tuolumne Basin snowpack on April 1 — “a critical annual measurement of snow for states and their inhabitants, at 1.2 million acre-feet (1.5 cubic kilometers).”
“That’s enough snow to fill the Rose Bowl (football stadium) in Pasadena, Calif., nearly 1,600 times,” the NASA report said.
NASA said the ASO is the only existing program that measures snow depth, snow water equivalent, or the water contained in snow, and how much sunlight snow reflects over an entire basin.
Two scientific instruments — a scanning lidar and an imaging spectrometer — placed on a King Air aircraft are used to get the measurement.
The ASO flies in California, Colorado, Oregon, Nevada, and Idaho, and also is flying a research version of the program in the Swiss Alps.
“In such a huge snow season, the data available from ASO will provide critical guidance for water managers as we enter into the peak melt season later this spring,” said Frank Gehrke, chief of the California Cooperative Snow Surveys of California’s Department of Water Resources.
Principal Investigator Tom Painter at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., said water managers did not have the right tools previously to analyze the snowpack and plan accordingly.
“With ASO, we will be precisely quantifying this volume and how it changes through the spring,” Painter said, adding that forecasting errors have dropped from as much as 40 percent to less than two percent.
“The 2017 California snowpack is close to the largest on the record, which consists of decades’ worth of snow measurements made at ground level,” NASA reported. “ASO mapping showed that Tuolumne Basin’s snowpack is twice the volume of last year’s snowpack and 21 times larger than the snowpack of 2015, the lowest on record.”
With the additional measurement of the San Joaquin Basin, ASO now maps the snowpack of the entire Central Sierra Nevada range from Kings River in the south to the Tuolumne River in the north.
In February, Forbes magazine reported on the record snowfall in California.
“California’s Department of Water Resources this month said the Sierra snowpack that provides the state with its water year-round is 173 percent above normal for this point in the season,” the articles said. “That’s good news for farmers and skiers, alike.
“But even with rains that keep coming, experts say groundwater levels need to be replenished even further before the drought can be declared over,” the article said. “That could take one or two more seasons of serious rain.”



ARTICLE
Jobless claims fell by 49,000 to 1.98 million, which marks just the second time over the past eight years that the claims dropped below two million. The first time continuing claims dropped below the two million mark was in March.
The last time state agencies issued fewer checks to the unemployed was in April 2000.
First-time jobless claims, however, increased by 10,000 to 244,000 over a seven day period from April 9 to April 15. But the number of new applicants for unemployment benefits has been less than 300,000 for a period of 111 weeks straight, the longest streak of continuously low application numbers since the early 1970s.
There is a “steady downtrend in place in the pace of layoffs,” Stephen Stanley, chief economist at Amherst Pierpont Securities, told CBS Marketwatch.
The monthly average of jobless claims also decreased slightly by 4,250 from the previous week to 243,000.
The unemployment rate has also been on a downward trend since the beginning of 2017, dropping from 4.8 percent in January to 4.5 percent in March, Department of Labor statistics show.



ARTICLE

The joint address to the media adds DHS support to the slew of Justice Department directives Sessions announced last week. U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services all fall under Secretary Kelly’s authority and he will play a central role in any implementation of President Donald Trump’s administration plans at the border. Standing beside Sessions, Kelly told the press:
Both the Attorney General and I are serious about border security and enforcing our immigration laws.  In accordance with the Executive Orders signed earlier this year, we have ended dangerous “catch and release” enforcement policies.  We have significantly increased detainers for deportation.  And we have arrested more criminal aliens.
Both men emphasized the importance of inter-departmental cooperation in tackling the porous southern border. Kelly noted:
DHS and DOJ are working together to improve this process.  At DHS, we’re working to expand our detention capacity, and process immigration cases as close to the southern border as possible. DOJ has already deployed additional immigration judges from the interior of the country to handle border-related cases.
This message was reinforced by the Attorney General. “Through the strong leadership of President Trump and Secretary Kelly, we have already made incredible progress and have seen the lowest number of border crossings in at least 17 years,” he said.
Despite the progress made so far, Kelly dismissed a journalist’s suggestion that President Donald Trump’s signature border wall was no longer necessary, calling it “absolutely essential.”
Kelly also hit back at a question about the deportation of so-called DREAMer and four-times convicted criminal Juan Manuel Montes. The deportation of Montes, an enrollee of President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy to provide amnesty to illegal aliens who came to the United States in childhood, has received substantial play across the mainstream media.
“There was a time in his life when this individual was a DACA registrant,” Kelly told the reporter, “but he gave that up by his behavior and by his illegal actions.” He went on to call DACA an “arrangement” of Obama’s. “To the best of my knowledge, he has been returned to Mexico,” Kelly said.
The speeches both made strong appeals to the rule of law in the immigration arena. “People who illegally cross our borders do not respect the laws of our nation,” Kelly proclaimed. Sessions added, “We will maintain our borders, we will enforce Congress’s duly enacted laws, and we will protect our communities from the scourge of cartels and gangs. These are not merely aspirational words, but these are bedrock principals of sovereignty.”
The new focus on transnational criminal organizations showed through in recent statements by both Trump cabinet members. In El Paso, Sessions resumed his attacks on the brutal MS-13 gang:
As I learned first-hand last week in Nogales, it is here, on this sliver of land where we establish a beachhead against the cartels, the transnational street gangs like Mara Salvatrucha 13, and the human traffickers. This is ground zero – this is the front lines, and this is where we take our stand.
Kelly, for his part, devoted a major speech to discussing transnational criminal organizations on Tuesday.



ARTICLE
Visitors to the townhallproject.com website can find everything from detailed information on each scheduled town hall meeting to how to make signs and even specific questions to ask to push the agenda on a range of talking points including: investigating President Donald Trump, Trump’s “starvation budget” on foreign policy, climate change, supporting illegal aliens, and LGBT rights.
By clicking on the “about” icon, the first thing that pops up is a quote from Obama’s farewell speech in Chicago on Jan. 10, 2017.
“It falls to each of us to be those anxious, jealous guardians of our democracy; to embrace the joyous task we’ve been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours. Because for all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title:  Citizen,” Obama said.
The website states:
Town Hall Project empowers constituents across the country to have face-to-face conversations with their elected representatives. We are campaign veterans and first time volunteers. We come from a diversity of backgrounds and live across the country. We share progressive values and believe strongly in civic engagement. We research every district and state for public events with members of Congress. Then we share our findings to promote participation in the democratic process.
The page also reveals the kind of progressives who are manning the town hall effort by naming its “sponsors,” including moveon.org and the Center for American Progress — the latter under direction from John Podesta, longtime Obama operative and Hillary Clinton campaign manager.
The town hall website links to the websites of both organizations as well as the sponsoring “Indivisible” website, which features a video of Rachel Maddow on MSNBC reporting about the power of the town hall “movement.”
“If the Tea Party was able to take on a historically popular President Obama with a Democratic supermajority to slow and sometimes defeat his federal agenda, we can surely take on Donald Trump and the members of Congress who would do his bidding,” the Indivisible website states.
All three of the sponsors of the Town Hall Project website offer instructions.
On the Indivisible website, protesters are told: “Your job isn’t to convince your MoC (member of Congress) of anything. It is to create the political conditions necessary to force them into a new position—or to replace them. This is a marathon, not a sprint and every mark against them will matter—especially footage of them flailing in a town hall with you and your group.”
The moveon.org instructs protesters on “bird-dogging” lawmakers — “Bird-dogging is fun and easy!” — the website states.

How to bird dog successfully, states, in part:
● Arrive in advance.
○ You want to get a seat close to or in front of the stage or platform to make sure that you have the ability to ask a question and that your MoC can hear you.
○ If your group is protesting and is not invited in, make sure you find all the entrances and know where the parking lot is, if applicable, to try to map out the route your MoC will take in and out of the facility, to increase the chances that they see you.
● Don’t give yourself away.
○ Do not wear clothing or wave signs that will let people know that you are coming to bird-dog your MoC. You want to make sure that you have an opportunity to ask your questions.
● Know your MoC’s positions
• Study your MoC’s positions on your topic of issues. You want to make sure that they know that you know what you are talking about. Many times, in an attempt to dismiss and discredit, elected officials look for ways to make you seem less informed and thus not qualified to ask your question. However, it is your right as a constituent to ask your question, and being informed will make it harder for you to be dismissed.
CAP’s “Recess toolbox” is entitled “Resist” and provides questions protesters should ask at town hall meetings:
      • Will you call on President Trump to release his tax returns? We must know whether he’ll profit from the GOP’s tax reform plan.

Will you take all necessary steps to avoid a government shutdown, including keeping policies like defunding Planned Parenthood out of the spending measur
Do you support Trump’s cuts to the EPA, which will pollute our air and water? • Do you support protecting LGBTQ people from     discrimination in employment, housing, credit, and public places and services?


The long list of town halls promoted on the website totals 87 meetings this week for both Republican and Democrat lawmakers across the country.
The website also encourages visitors who can’t go to a town hall in person to call their representative, and contact information for members of Congress is provided.
“You have more power than you think,” the website states. “Town halls are one of the most effective ways to use it.”




ARTICLE
Melgen was indicted on 76 charges of Medicare fraud on April 15, 2015, and “prosecutors said [Melgen] attempted to bilk the health care program out of as much as $190 million,” the Associated Press reported at the time.
Two weeks before that, on April 1, 2015, Melgen and his friend and political contribution beneficiary, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-New Jersey), were indicted on charges of public corruption related to the Medicare fraud charges.
Melgen’s trail on Medicare fraud in Florida is expected to go to the jury before the end of the month. Both men will stand trial on the public corruption charges this fall in a New Jersey federal courtroom.
“A Clearwater retinal specialist who is defending Dr. Salomon Melgen performed a miniscule number of tests and procedures on his own patients compared to the tens of thousands of tests ordered by the Palm Beach County ophthamologist who is accused of bilking Medicare out of as much as $105 million,” the Post reported:
While Dr. Dana Deupree on Tuesday continued to insist that Melgen’s methods were justified, he was surprised to learn how rarely he had ordered similar tests for his own Medicare patients.
For instance, while both treated about 2,300 patients from 2008 to 2013, Melgen billed Medicare 52,673 times for a particular test. By comparison, federal prosecutors said, records showed that during the same six years Deupree submitted 1,579 claims to the federal insurer for the same test.
The number of bills each submitted to Medicare for a scan to determine if elderly patients suffered from wet macular degeneration was even more lopsided. Assistant U.S. Attorney Roger Stefin said the federal agency received 52,111 claims from Melgen compared to the 43 it received from Deupree.
“I thought it would be more,” Deupree said in court.
“Deupree’s testimony comes as the six-week-long trial against Melgen on 76 charges of health care fraud is winding down. He is to be the last witness called by Melgen’s defense team. The case is expected to go to the jury next week,” the Post reported.
“Under friendly questioning on Monday by Melgen’s attorney, Matthew Menchel, Deupree said that Melgen’s combination treatment of patients may have been unconventional but is slowly gaining acceptance. Like Melgen, he said he has begun using both lasers and drugs in hopes of saving eyes ravaged by wet macular degeneration,” according to the Post.
But Assistant U.S. Attorney Stefin severely damaged the testimony of Melgen’s star defense witness when it was his turn to ask questions.
“Under questioning by Stefin, [Deupree] acknowledged that the machine he uses to zap ailing eyes with low intensity lasers is different than the one Melgen was using,” the Post reported:
Deupree met Melgen in the mid-1980s in Boston, where both trained under famed retinal specialist Charles Schepens, and said he has served as a consultant for Melgen’s various legal teams for about four years.
He was hired to help Melgen in his unsuccessful fight against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services over Melgen’s practice of using one vial of the drug Lucentis to treat as many as four patients, a practice known as multi-dosing. Then, he said, he was hired by Melgen’s criminal defense team. So far, he said, he has been paid about $135,000.
“The defense team representing Dr. Salomon Melgen in his Medicare fraud trial is trying to persuade a federal jury in Florida their client’s practice of overbilling the Department of Health and Human Services by a factor of three for his administration of the drug Lucentis was simply part of his “innovative efforts to help patients,” Breitbart News reported on Monday.
The previous week, FBI intelligence analyst Jennifer Minton testified that “Melgen raked in millions more from Medicare for various tests and procedures than any other eye specialist in the nation,” the Post reported.
Federal prosecutors started their case against Melgen on a strong note when the trial began in early April.
“Dr. Julia Haller, one of the top ophthalmologists in the country, testified at the Medicare fraud trial of Dr. Salomon Melgen in a Florida federal court last week that his medical practices were ‘abusive.’ In subsequent testimony, she said they were ‘unconscionable’ and ‘horrifying,’” Breitbart News reported this month.
In the event Melgen is convicted on Medicare fraud charges, it will be seen as an early indicator of how the public corruption trial against Melgen and Sen. Menendez may go in the fall.
Menendez is up for re-election in November 2018 and has given every sign he intends to run to keep his seat in the United States Senate.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
“For decades, America has lost our jobs and our factories to unfair foreign trade. And one steel mill after another has been shut down, abandoned, and closed, and we’re going to reverse that,” said President Trump as he moved to sign the memorandum.
The President continued:
Today, I’m directing the Department of Commerce to immediately prioritize the investigation that began yesterday and really long before that — because Wilbur and I have been working on this for a long time — into foreign steel arriving into our markets, and to submit a report on the effects of these foreign steel products on the national security of the United States. It’s not just the pricing, it’s not just employment, it also has to do with the national security of our country, which people never talk about. I talked about it.
Leo Gerard of United Steelworkers addressed the President:
Mr. President, on behalf of the workers in the industry — President of the Steelworkers Union — I have worked a long time with Wilbur, and we’ve been fighting this unfair trade for more than 30 years. Hopefully, this executive order will give us the tools we need to grow our companies back and put people back to work. And I have lots of faith that Secretary Wilbur Ross will help make that happen.”
President Trump responded, “I have to say, the unions have been working with us very closely, and they’ve been great. So I appreciate that. Thank you very much.”
The White House announced on Thursday that with steel import rising, the need to examine foreign practices is urgent. The President is also seeking to put America’s steel industry first, a complement to his Buy American, Hire American executive order signed earlier this week. The White House made clear that this is in line with promises the now President made during his 2016 presidential campaign.
In a briefing ahead of the signing of the memorandum, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross informed reporters that on Wednesday night the Department of Commerce initiated an investigation under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, 19USC1962. Ross explained that this “authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to conduct comprehensive investigations to determine the effects of imports of any particular item into the United States on the security of the country.” He said this has been invoked before, notably in regards to the Arab Oil Crisis.
He listed the areas the investigation will look at: domestic production needed to meet national defense requirements, the industry’s capacity to meet such requirements, related human and material resources, importation of quantity and use of goods, close relation of national economic welfare to national security, loss of skills and investment, substantial unemployment, decrease in government revenue and impact of foreign competition on specific domestic industries and impact of displacement by excessive imports.
Anti-dumping and countervailing duty cases present a problem according to Ross. They are “very, very limited in nature to a very, very specific product from a very, very specific country.” However, the Trump Administration wants to see if facts warrant a more comprehensive solution to deal with a very wide range of steel products and very wide range of countries.
Ross quoted Trump’s remarks from back during the 2016 presidential campaign, “Foreign nations are dumping vast amounts of steel all over the united states which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We will put new American steel into the spine of this country. We’re going to use American steel, we’re going to use American labor, we’re gonna come first in all deals.”
“In the first couple months of this year alone steel imports rose 19.6 percent year over year and are now more than 26 percent of the entire U.S. marketplace so it’s a very serious impact on the domestic industry,” said Ross.
The investigation is required to be completed within 270 days, but Ross expects the completion to come a lot sooner. One or more public hearings will be held over the course of carrying out the memorandum.
The memorandum in its entirety reads as follows:
MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE
SUBJECT:        Steel Imports and Threats to National Security
By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, including the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, it is hereby directed as follows:
Section 1.  Policy.  Core industries such as steel (including specialty steel unique to defense applications), aluminum, vehicles, aircraft, shipbuilding, and semiconductors are critical elements of our manufacturing and defense industrial bases, which we must defend against unfair trade practices and other abuses.  In the case of steel, both the United States and global markets for steel products are distorted by large volumes of excess capacity ‑‑ much of which results from foreign government subsidies and other unfair practices.
The United States has placed more than 150 antidumping and countervailing duty orders on steel products, but they have not substantially alleviated the negative effects that unfairly traded imports have had on the United States steel industry.  Repeated efforts by the United States to encourage other countries to reduce and address the underlying causes of excess capacity in the steel market have had little meaningful effect.
The artificially low prices caused by excess capacity and unfairly traded imports suppress profits in the American steel industry, which discourages long-term investment in the industry and hinders efforts by American steel producers to research and develop new and better grades of steel.  If the present situation continues, it may place the American steel industry at risk by undermining the ability of American steel producers to continue investment and research and development, and by reducing or eliminating the jobs needed to maintain a pool of skilled workers essential for the continued development of advanced steel manufacturing.
Sec. 2.  Investigation.  The Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) has initiated an investigation under section 232(b)(1)(A) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (the “Act”) (19 U.S.C. 1862(b)(1)(A)) to determine the effects on national security of steel imports.  In conducting this investigation, and in accordance with section 232(d) of the Act (19 U.S.C. 1862(d)), the Secretary shall, as appropriate and consistent with law:
(a)  consider the domestic production of steel needed for projected national defense requirements; the capacity of domestic industries to meet such requirements; the existing and anticipated availabilities of the human resources, products, raw materials, and other supplies and services essential to the national defense; the requirements of growth of such industries and such supplies and services, including the investment, exploration, and development necessary to assure such growth; and the importation of goods in terms of their quantities, availabilities, character, and use as those affect such industries and the capacity of the United States to meet national security requirements;
(b)  recognize the close relation of the Nation’s economic welfare to our national security, and consider the effect of foreign competition in the steel industry on the economic welfare of domestic industries;
(c)  consider any substantial unemployment, decrease in government revenues, loss of skills or investment, or other serious effects resulting from the displacement of any domestic products by excessive steel imports; and
(d)  consider the status and likely effectiveness of efforts of the United States to negotiate a reduction in the levels of excess steel capacity worldwide.
Sec. 3.  Submit Report and Provide Recommendations.
(a)  The Secretary shall, consistent with applicable law, proceed expeditiously in conducting the investigation described in section 2 of this memorandum and shall submit to the President a report on the findings.
(b)  Pursuant to section 232(b) of the Act (19 U.S.C. 1862(b)), if the Secretary finds that steel is being imported into the United States in such quantities or under such circumstances as to threaten to impair the national security, the Secretary shall, in the report submitted under subsection (a) of this section, recommend actions and steps that should be taken to adjust steel imports so that they will not threaten to impair the national security.
Sec. 4.  General Provisions.
(a)  Nothing in this memorandum shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect:
(i)   the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or
(ii)  the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals.
(b)  This memorandum shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations.
(c)  This memorandum is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
Researchers are testing Stryker infantry transport vehicles mounted with a 5kW laser weapon so that one day, the weapon can destroy drones on the front lines, the Daily Mail reported.
The laser weapon brought down 50 drones during a ten-day firing exercise.
The Army is testing the Mobile High Energy Laser (MEHEL), in addition to exploring other laser systems, just to deal with the growth of unmanned aerial drones that are being used in places like Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Army tested MEHEL 2.0, one of three laser weapons currently being evaluated, at the 2017 Maneuver Fires Integration Experiment at Fort Sill in Oklahoma, which ran from April 3 to April 13.
The laser can shoot up to five kilowatts of power, an increase from the two kilowatts of power it was able to shoot last year.
The Army hopes the laser will be able to shoot an 18-kilowatt beam by 2018.
The laser includes on-board radar tacking and a camera that soldiers can use to track enemy drones and aircraft.
This is the first time infantry soldiers are in charge of testing the system.
“They love the system and they are excited about not only what they can do with it in the air, but what they can do with it on the ground as well,” Lt. Col. Jeff Erts, who is in charge of the experiments, said.
The Army is also working with Lockheed Martin to test a 60kW laser weapon.
Other branches of the military also plan to utilize laser weapons.
The U.S. Navy is planning on deploying laser weapons on its ships within the next two years.



ARTICLE
“We’re defined by a commitment to common values, political values, the rule of law, democracy, freedom, mutual respect, equality for men and women,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told the media on Thursday, where he described the reformed vetting process:
our citizenship process should reflect that. So today we are announcing changes to strengthen citizenship, to make for a stronger Australia, stronger citizenship, stronger citizen …  before you apply to be a citizen. You will need to have competent English. That is a vital requirement … also, we need to ensure that our citizenship test enables applicants to demonstrate how they have integrated into and engaged with our Australian community, so that they’re part of the community. They’ve lived here as a permanent resident for four years, they speak English, share our values, be integrated. Those are critically important elements. I believe that they will be empowering for applicants. This will be good for the applicants, good for the nation, underlining our Australian values at the very heart of Australian citizenship, Australian citizenship is the foundation of our democracy… these political values are what bind us together. That’s what keeps us together in the midst of our diversity.
The new Australian push is a catch-up from 2016, when Trump championed immigration reform in the United States, while Turnbull sought to stabilize his government after he staged an internal party vote in September 2015 to take the Prime Minister’s job from his own party’s leader, Tony Abbott, an immigration hawk who entirely blocked and stopped a seaborne wave of immigrants from reaching Australia.
To some extent, Turnbull’s flip towards pro-Australian position is designed to help his pro-business wing of the party from Abbot’s pro-Australian wing of the party, and from the growing support being given to Pauline Hanson‘s nationalist One Nation Party, which is skeptical about Islam’s ability to integrate into Australian society. In 2016 and before, Turnbull repeatedly endorsed immigration, invited additional refugees, and told the parliament in October 2016 that “everyone sitting in this chamber and every Australian is a beneficiary of the diversity that is at the heart of our nation … the most effective weapon against the [Muslim] terrorists is an inclusive nation.”
Amid rising violence and welfare use among immigrant Muslims, a September 2016 poll showed that half of all Australians want to block Muslim immigration, which is strongly supported by business groups which profit from the inflow of extra consumers and lower-cost workers.
Turnbull’s minister for Immigration and Border Protection, Peter Dutton, told reporters at the press conference that would-be immigrants will have to take an upgraded written test:
There will be further tests, further questions placed in the test as it currently operates, and there will be the opportunity for people to comment on some of these changes over the course of the next, over the course of the period between now and 1 June. So we will consult around the questions around the values issues and we can provide further detail. There is also change to be made to the pledge and, again, we’ll consult on that particular issue as well. So I’ll leave it there. For example, domestic violence, a perpetrator of domestic violence. My view is that that person shouldn’t become an Australian citizen. And we can ask that question but we can also undertake our own checks in relation to police checks or whatever the case might be. So that’s how you can adopt, apply the test.
On the 2016 campaign trail, and in his Executive Orders since his inauguration, President Donald Trump has called for a new process of “extreme vetting” would-be refugees and legal immigrants — especially Muslim immigrants — into the United States. For example, his January 27 Executive Order on immigration declared that his policy would be to exclude people with “Hostile attitudes”:
In order to protect Americans, the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles. The United States cannot, and should not, admit those who do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law. In addition, the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including “honor” killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation.
The alliance of Democratic-appointed judges, progressives, and Islamic political groups are fiercely opposing any new tests, even though the existing immigration and citizenship process already includes questions and tests designed to exclude people who were terrorists or members of the Nazi or Soviet communist parties. The current immigration document also includes a requirement stemming from the 1775 war of independence which requires immigrant aristocrats to formal give up their noble titles before becoming citizens.
If U.S. immigrants lie in their documents, they can be stripped of their citizenship and repatriated. For example, U.S. officials have deported several immigrants who lied about their work for Adolf Hitler’s National Socialist party in World War II.
U.S. officials have not said anything about the plans for upgrading the immigration tests and vetting, partly because Trump has not yet been able to get many of his top-level nominees confirmed by the Senate. But Homeland Security John Kelly may be a strong backer of an upgraded test, and told a D.C. audience on Tuesday that “we have a sacred duty and that is the continuation of the United States as we know it: To protect our way of life and the exceptional people we are.”
Australia’s reform government has an easier task than Trump, who must overcome roadblocks built by progressive judges, media and Democratic legislator and Democratic legislatures in a 50-state federal government for 330 million people. In contrast, Australia’s parliamentary system allows a majority government to easily pass its agenda for the nation of 25 million people.
Throughout the April 19 Australian press conference, the journalists and politicians tacitly recognized the problems created by the immigration of Islamic adherents who bring their peculiar institutions and values which endorse domestic violence against women, child marriage, ‘Female Genital Mutilation,’ and reject the authority of what Australians describe as “secular law.” For example, one reporter cited several of Islam’s peculiar practices before asking “Prime Minister, I’m not clear why practices such as female genital mutilation, forcing children to marry and what have you, how they’re being or could be included in values questions when they’re already illegal under Australian law.  What’s the need for a values question when it’s illegal under Australians law, Australian law? that “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player]
Another journalist scoffed at the test, saying “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player] Don Bradman is. I’m an Australian citizen” And then they don’t express Australian values, what happens?”
Turnbull pushed back, saying:
But the point is, what [the current written test] doesn’t go to or doesn’t go to sufficiently are those questions of values and at the heart, at the very heart of our success is mutual respect; respect for each other, respect for people of different faiths and different cultures and respect of women and children. That is, you know as I’ve, you’ve often heard me say this. You know, not all disrespecting women, disrespecting women ends up in violence against women but that’s where all violence against women begins. So this is a very important, very important Australian values; respect, mutual respect, respect for women and children and that is going to be, that is a key Australian value, who would argue with that?  Is it reflected in our current process? No it’s not, it should be.

On April 17, Turnbull announced his party would reform the “457” visa program, which allowed Australian companies to bring in foreign workers for skilled and unskilled jobs throughout Australia. The 457 visa will be replaced by a narrower visa program that will only be used to bring in workers who cannot be found in Australia and who can integrate Australian society, he said.
That push is also similar to Trump’s effort to revamp the unpopular H-1B white-collar outsourcing program.
Echoing Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” theme, Turnbull said that the goal os his reform is “Australian jobs for Australians first … this is all about Australians’ interst, this is about jobs for Australians.” The new program will have a “laser-like focus on Australia’s interests,” he said.

“We’re putting Australians first … Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs,” he said.

 
This article has been updated with additional information about Australia’s rising support for nationalist policies. 
Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com
 



ARTICLE
The Consumerist reports that social media influencers have been warned by the FTC that they must disclose when they are paid to promote a product or brand within their content. The FTC reportedly sent out 90 letters to influencers and the brands that use them to advertise their products, warning them that they must follow the FTC’s guidelines on paid endorsements.
The FTC did not disclose which influencers or brands were contacted but did provide a copy of the template letter that was issued, which includes multiple reminders of rules for influencers to follow. “Consumers should be able to notice the disclosure easily, and not have to look for it,” the letter states. “For example, consumers viewing posts in their Instagram streams on mobile devices typically see only the first three lines of a longer post unless they click ‘more,’ and many consumers may not click ‘more.’ Therefore, you should disclose any material connection above the ‘more’ button. ”
 
The letters sent today are a direct response to a petition filed last year by a group of consumer advocates called Public Citizen who wanted to bring the FTC’s attention to the thousands of influencers failing to disclose their relationships with brands.
“We live in an era where celebrities and average citizens are sharing every detail of their lives on social media, from what they ate for breakfast to selfies featuring their ‘favorite’ products. It is often unclear whether an Instagram user is paid to post a product endorsement or if they genuinely use it,” said Kristen Strader, the campaign coordinator of Public Citizen’s Commercial Alert. “That’s exactly why brands are using influencer marketing as a primary way to reach young consumers.”
The Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood also commented on the issue, saying, “We’re glad the FTC is encouraging influencers on Instagram to be more forthright, but we hope they expand that initiative to include YouTube and other social media, which reach millions of children and we hope the FTC will take strong action against any influencers who refuse to comply with the rules.”



ARTICLE
Sheriffs in Denver, Houston, Austin and elsewhere have announced their vigorous opposition to cooperation with federal law enforcement. The problem is that Obama’s “enforcement priorities” for ICE allowed tens of thousands of criminal aliens who were eligible for deportation under laws passed by Congress to escape deportation. 
The attitude of local sheriffs is important because the debate raging over “sanctuary” policies will not be decided in Washington, DC alone. Restoring effective enforcement of our nation’s immigration laws will require rebuilding a strong federal-state partnership, and that cannot happen if local sheriffs continue dragging their feet on lawful ICE detainers while singing from the ACLU songbook. 
Some sheriffs are insisting a local sheriff or local jail should not be accused of following “sanctuary” policies merely because they will not honor ICE detainers. A county sheriff explains that “less is more” rationale in a recent newspaper interview, here.
However, I suspect most Americans see that attitude as a lot like a motorist insisting he is a very safe driver despite flunking the sobriety test with a 0.20 alcohol level. 
The ICE detainer is a lawful, essential instrument of federal law enforcement and should be honored by all local sheriffs. Local jails that refuse to do so are releasing hundreds of criminal aliens back into the community—criminal aliens who are eligible for deportation under federal law. 
In Colorado, the chief culprit and cheerleader for sanctuary policies is the Denver County jail. In 2014, Denver was listed in an ICE document as ranked number ten nationally in the number of ICE detainers rejected over an 8-month period.
Now, if ICE shows up at the sheriff’s jail at the precise time of a prisoner’s release and takes custody, the sheriff is supportive of that. Hooray. But if ICE requests the jail hold the criminal an extra 12 hours so ICE can pick him up, that request will not be honored. Why? Because the ACLU has won a couple of federal lawsuits at the district court level – for example, in a 9th Circuit case in Oregon — to establish the highly dubious principle that honoring the ICE detainer would be violating the alien’s 4th Amendment rights. The fact that no federal court in Colorado or the entire 10th Circuit has ever made such a ruling is evidently not as important to some county sheriffs as what the ACLU thinks.  
Unfortunately, in the last years of the Obama regime, there developed a silent partnership between Obama’s minimal enforcement policies and some sheriffs content to see less reliance on detainers. Eventually, this policy of nonenforcement became the hallmark of what are known as “sanctuary cities.”
Under Obama’s policies, ICE went so far as to develop a new detainer form – DHS Form I-247N – that did not have the word “detainer” anywhere on the form! Accepting and complying with that detainer was even labeled “voluntary”! Is it surprising that many police chiefs and sheriffs did not complain and went along with this de-emphasis on detainers? In effect, police chiefs in a dozen or more major cities became enablers and partners in Obama’s war on immigration enforcement. 
On the good news side, it is widely rumored that the U.S. Department of Justice will soon announce that the federal government will indemnify local law enforcement agencies against civil liability if they are sued by the ACLU (or anyone else) for honoring an ICE detainer. That new policy should quiet the criticisms of all but the most die-hard sanctuary advocates. 
We must hope that the nation’s local sheriffs — who perhaps got too comfortable with the Obama era’s non-enforcement policies — will now welcome a return to a more positive federal-state partnership in immigration law enforcement based on constitutional norms, not the values and priorities of the ACLU.



ARTICLE
The Bath Township Police Department posted a tongue-in-cheek Facebook update Wednesday about settings traps along the highway to ensnare drivers who are driving under the influence of marijuana:

“Its 4/20… We all know what that means. We have traps set up along the roadways in the township looking for people driving while high, which is unacceptable,” the post reads. “Also, we know you are going to say… its a plant, its natural, tax it, blah blah blah. We get it. Legalizing it is not within our powers here at BTPD. Taking you to jail for driving under the influence of marijuana IS within our powers.”
The Wyoming Police Department in Minnesota also posted a similar food trap Twitter update on Wednesday:

Undercover #420 operations are in place. Discreet traps have been set up throughout the city today. #Happy420 pic.twitter.com/Jo8mh0Z5lQ
— Wyoming, MN Police (@wyomingpd) April 20, 2017

“Undercover #420 operations are in place. Discreet traps have been set up throughout the city today. #Happy420,” the police department tweeted.
The Wyoming Police Department also decided to put out a public service announcement with a more serious message after their humorous April 20 post:

All jokes aside, substance abuse is a real issue. We use tongue in cheek humor to bring attention to those issues.
— Wyoming, MN Police (@wyomingpd) April 20, 2017

“All jokes aside, substance abuse is a real issue. We use tongue in cheek humor to bring attention to those issues,” the police department wrote on Twitter after the initial April 20 post.



ARTICLE
“Our condolences from our country to the people of France,” said President Trump. “It looks like another terrorist attack,” he continued. “What can you say, it never ends.”
We have to be strong, we have to be vigilant, the President resolved.
News broke as the President met with the Prime Minister ahead of the press conference that a police officer was shot and killed on the Champs-Élysées in Paris, France. ABC News reported  that Paris police tweeted to avoid the area and that a Police Union tweeted about the incident:

Un individu, en véhicule, aurait fait feu sur une voiture de police à l'arrêt à un feu rouge abattant un policier.
— UNITÉ SGP POLICE (@UNITESGPPOLICE) April 20, 2017

“Allow me to join the President in his words of condolences,” the Italian Prime Minister followed. “This is a very delicate period for [France]” just days before the country’s presidential election.
Earlier in the press conference, Trump stated that Italy has been a key partner in the fight against terrorism.
President Trump thanked the Prime Minister for their assistance with Libya and for keeping the Islamic State from gaining a foothold.
Gentiloni also spoke earlier in the press conference, translated from Italian, affirming his country’s commitment against terrorism.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 



ARTICLE
1. MS-13 are the hired help and act as foot soldiers for Mexican cartels or Mexico-based transnational criminal organizations; they are not the top dogs.
This fact is best shown in news from 2014 involving MS-13 gang members and a methamphetamine stash house in St. Paul, Minnesota. In that case, a Mexican Sinaloa Cartel stash house had been robbed in the city of St. Paul. MS-13 gang members flew from Los Angeles, California, and kidnapped two Minnesota teens. MS-13 tortured the teens in an effort to obtain information on who might have robbed the Sinaloa Cartel stash house. The significant factor here is that MS-13 were acting as the hired help for the Mexican cartel; they were not acting on their own direction or for their own interests. They were working for the masterminds in the Sinaloa Cartel. In addition to in-depth Breitbart reporting on MS-13, the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime also illuminates the relationship between Mexican cartels and MS-13: the cartels are apex criminals and MS-13 are “mara,” or street gangs employed by the Mexican cartels.
2. Going after MS-13 gives the appearance of going after Mexican cartels while avoiding the actual repercussions of doing so.
Going after Mexican cartels entails possibly going after Mexico’s president and many of Mexico’s state governors, city mayors, and other officials — as the line between Mexican politicians and narco-cartels does not exist. The diplomatic consequences would be huge and it is far easier to appear that the administration is keeping its promises by going after a largely Central American-based street gang like MS-13 than actually going after Mexico’s elite. Even though MS-13 is a Central American-based street gang, most Americans would likely not know this and would not distinguish between Central American-based, loosely-affiliated crime groups and the well-organized Mexico-based crime groups who actually run the show.
3. Official talk of MS-13 being designated as a terror group allows the Trump Administration to look tough on crime from south of the border while avoiding the diplomatic consequences of designating Mexican cartels as terror groups.
Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel, have crossed the line from being just narco-trafficking organizations and have actually obtained direct and official political power. They have near-complete control of certain regions of Mexico. This is most true in Tamaulipas, a state immediately south of Texas. They use targeted assassinations against officials, have camera systems set up in border cities to monitor the populace, and they have “links” in nearly all news outlets who decide what can and cannot be published. They are paramilitary groups that use extreme violence to keep political control of regions of Mexico. These groups hire the street thugs of MS-13 at times, but MS-13 are simply the hired help. Designating these Mexican cartels, or factions thereof, as foreign terror organizations would mean that many of Mexico’s leaders would be in trouble for their participation in such groups. Governors would go down and possibly even the current Mexican president. Singling out MS-13 allows the Trump Administration to look tough and send a message, but to avoid actually going at the root of the problem and facing the consequences for doing so. At best it risks creating diplomatic difficulties with a small Central American nation while avoiding making Mexico’s cartel-connected elite angry.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.

Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.



ARTICLE
Police charge that Cassandra Bjorge, 16, and boyfriend Johnny Rider, 19, murdered Wendy and Randall Bjorge and then sealed them into a room in the elderly couple’s Lawrenceville, Georgia, home, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Investigators say that the suspects murdered Bjorge’s grandparents by beating them and slitting their throats. The elderly couple was attacked, bound with duct tape, beaten with a tire iron, a bat, and a hammer. They were then stabbed and finally, their throats slit. To contain the smell of the decomposing bodies, the suspects used caulking to seal window cracks and doors, prosecutors said.
“Johnny began to attack the grandmother,” Detective Dave Brucz said in court. “Bjorge then said she had a surge of energy. She then dragged her grandmother into her grandfather’s bedroom. She was duct taped.”
During the week after the murders, the two also allegedly threw house parties in the grandparents’ home. Alcohol flowed freely, and marijuana was passed, prosecutors said. But none of the party guests had any idea that Bjorge’s grandparents lie decomposing just above them.
Police also say that the suspects had a “hit list” of people they planned to kill later. Members of Rider’s own family were on the list.
Once police finally became involved after the murders, the suspects engaged in a standoff with officers that ended only when the pair tried to kill themselves. The attempt failed, and authorities took both into custody.
The suspects are also charged with the aggravated assault of Rider’s sister. Police allege that during the confrontation, Rider pepper-sprayed his sister, then told Bjorge to get a bat. Once the bat was in hand, he allegedly began beating his sister. The victim escaped the scene, and Bjorge and Rider fled.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.



ARTICLE
“The fact is, NAFTA, whether it’s Mexico or Canada, is a disaster for our country,” he said, referring to the North American Free Trade Agreement. “We’ll be reporting back some time over the next two weeks as to NAFTA and what we’re going to do about it.”
Trump specifically cited Canada’s imported dairy products hurting farms in Wisconsin and New York and imports of lumber and timber.
“We’re going to have to get to the negotiating table with Canada very, very quickly,” he said.
A White House aide confirmed to Breitbart News that the president was serious about action on NAFTA in two weeks or less.
“As I traveled the country, I saw the shuttered factories, of the shuttered dreams, and I pledged that I would take action,” Trump said. “And I think it’s probably one of the primary reasons I’m sitting here today as President.
According to the White House, the following people attended the event representing the steel industry and union workers.

Beth Ludwig – AK Steel
Roger Newport – AK Steel
Thomas Gibson – American Iron & Steel Institute
John Brett – Arcelor Mittal
Conrad Winkler – Evraz Steel
John Bass – Nucor
John Ferriola – Nucor
Chuck Schmitt – SSAB Americas
Katie Larson – SSAB Americas
Time Timken – Timken Steel
Ryan Stenger – Timken Steel
Mario Longhi – U.S. Steel
Kelley Gannon – U.S. Steel
Leo Gerard – United Steelworkers (USW)

The investigation will determine whether foreign steel imports threatens national security under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.



ARTICLE
According to the poll, 60 percent of adults favor “providing parents with tax-funded vouchers to send their children to any public, private, or parochial school they choose.” Among registered voters, 55 percent favor vouchers, and, among likely voters, 50 percent favor vouchers.
Among adults, the survey finds 73 percent of African Americans, 69 percent of Latinos, 56 percent of Asian Americans, and 51 percent of White Americans favor school vouchers. Republicans are more likely to favor school vouchers than Democrats, 67 percent to 46 percent.
At the same time, results of the poll show that most Californians give passing grades to their local public schools. Among adults, 54 percent give their public schools an A (22 percent) or a B (32 percent), with only 7 percent giving a grade of F.
Most adults (64 percent) and likely voters (66 percent) also say current funding for public schools is inadequate.
“Most Californians give passing grades to their local public schools,” said Mark Baldassare, PPIC president and CEO. “But many believe that the state isn’t spending enough money on K–12 education and should also spend what it has more wisely. In this context, many are willing to raise their local taxes and consider a voucher system.”
The PPIC poll’s results are based on a survey of 1,705 California adult residents between April 2-11, 2017, with a sampling error of ±3.2 percent at the 95 percent confidence level.
The poll contains a subgroup of 1,036 California adult likely voters. Results for that group have a sampling error of ±4.1 at the 95 percent confidence level.
President Donald Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos have made school choice the focus of their national education agenda. A national poll by Education Next (EdNext) in August 2016 found that, while overall support for school choice has remained high, support for the use of vouchers to access choice programs has fallen.
School choice can be designed with a variety of financial mechanisms, including school vouchers, education savings accounts (ESAs), and scholarship tax credits (STC) – all of which may differ in terms of the level of state regulation that may be required of the schools that participate in the choice program.
According to EdNext, support for vouchers targeted for low-income families was at 37% in 2016, and for universal vouchers for all families at 45%. However, 53% of the general public and 60% of parents in 2016 backed scholarship tax credits for individuals or companies that donate to foundations that provide scholarships to low-income students to attend private schools. That percentage backing STCs is increased from 46% since 2009, though down from its highest level of 60% in 2014.
“The EdNext findings on school choice suggest that program design matters,” Lindsey Burke, director of the Center for Education Policy at the Heritage Foundation, told Breitbart News, adding:
The poll results found a drop in support for school vouchers, which could reflect recent experiences in states that have heavily regulated their school voucher programs, leading, paradoxically – as the regulations were promulgated in the name of accountability – to lower participation among high quality private schools.
The concept of “school choice” is very appealing, but the reality is that vouchers are a transfer of taxpayer funds from a public school to a private or religious participating school. If parents “choose” to send their children to a participating school, that school may have additional regulatory burdens placed upon it by the state in which it is located – in the name of “accountability” – in order to qualify for the school choice program.
The overarching question then becomes why transfer a child to a school when it might have the same regulations, test requirements, etc. as the public school?
In a 2010 study at the Cato Institute, Andrew Coulson found that voucher programs are more likely to “suffocate the very markets to which they aim to expand access,” because state funds—which invariably invite state regulation—are directly transferred, in the form of vouchers, to parents to spend in an alternate education setting.
 
 



ARTICLE
In 1975, 31.9 million young people lived with a spouse, compared to just 19.9 million in 2016, while the number of young people staying with their parents has risen from 14.7 million to 22.9 million, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Despite this vast difference, the number of young unmarried partners living together has risen from around 700,000 to over 9.2 million, while the number of young people living alone has also gone up from 5 percent to 8 percent.
“What does it mean to be a young adult? In prior generations, young adults were expected to have finished school, found a job, and set up their own household during their 20s—most often with their spouse and with a child soon to follow,” explained the Census Bureau study. “Today’s young adults take longer to experience these milestones.”
“What was once ubiquitous during their 20s is now not commonplace until their 30s. Some demographers believe the delays represent a new period of the life course between childhood and adulthood, a period of ’emerging adulthood’ when young people experience traditional events at different times and in a different order than their parents did,” they continued. “What is clear is that today’s young adults look different from prior generations in almost every regard: how much education they have, their work experiences, when they start a family, and even who they live with while growing up.”
The report also added, “More young men are falling to the bottom of the income ladder,” pointing out that “In 1975, only 25 percent of men, aged 25 to 34, had incomes of less than $30,000 per year.”
“By 2016, that share rose to 41 percent of young men (incomes for both years are in 2015 dollars),” they continued. “There are now more young women than young men with a college degree, whereas in 1975 educational attainment among young men outpaced that of women.”
The majority of states with the highest number of young people staying with their parents were predominantly coastal.
New Jersey took the top position with 46.9 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds staying at home, followed by Connecticut (41.6 percent), New York (40.6 percent), Maryland (38.5 percent), Florida (38.3 percent), and California (38.1 percent).
At the bottom with the least amount of young people living with their parents was North Dakota with 14.1 percent, following by South Dakota (19.9 percent), Wyoming (20.9 percent), Nebraska (22.7 percent), Iowa (22.8 percent), Montana (24.1 percent), and Colorado (24.6 percent).
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.



ARTICLE
The agreement, brokered by House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows (R-NC) and Tuesday Group co-chairman Tom MacArthur (R-NJ), would allow states to eliminate Obamacare’s community rating system, a rule that prohibits health insurers from pricing health care plans based on age, gender, or health status. States that repeal Obamacare’s community rating rules would have to join a federal high-risk pool or establish a local high-risk pool to obtain the waiver.
The deal, known as the MacArthur amendment, would also reinstate Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits, although states could waive Obamacare’s Essential Health Benefits if they were to prove that eliminating those regulations would lower premiums, increase the number of people insured, or “advance another benefit to the public interest in the state.”
Essential Health Benefits require that health insurance plans must cover certain services such as doctors’ services, inpatient or outpatient hospital care, prescription drugs, pregnancy, childbirth, and mental health.
House Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows explained to Breitbart News exclusively earlier this month that he expected House Republicans to unite around common principles and pass an Obamacare repeal that will lower premiums for Americans soon.
Meadows told Breitbart News:

I’m optimistic that we’ve at least found some potential common ground. Conservative requests and those from those that represent districts that may have a more moderate constituency don’t want to suggest anything other than the discussions have been extremely good over the last 72 hours and the pre-existing conditions that must be addressed on behalf of the president and certainly most members of our GOP conference including myself, that issue is where we’re working very diligently to make sure we cover it in the legislation but then we also cover it in a number of ways whether it be through a risk-sharing pool or through a guaranteed issue provision that’s out there. So, we still believe providing waivers at the state level from many of the Obamacare mandates that drive up costs might be a real path forward so I would say that conversations between moderates and conservatives are very constructive and it’s been due in no small part to the active involvement of the White House and leadership in trying to make sure we get a good bill—a better bill—going forward over to the Senate.

Meadows also predicted that the renewed negotiations would create a better Obamacare repeal bill.
Meadows said:
I can tell you the president has communicated to me on more than four different occasions that he wants the very best bill possible for the American people and that he believes that not only will we get a better bill but with everyone’s input—not just conservative members, but conservatives, moderates and those that are in between—that we’ll get a better bill and we’ll shock the American people when they actually see their healthcare insurance premiums come down. I’m confident we’re going to get there mainly because the president literally not only wants to repeal and replace Obamacare, but the other part of that is he wants to drive down premiums for all Americans.
Freedom Caucus sources say that that the MacArthur amendment would secure 25 to 30 more votes from conservatives and that the new bill would get “very close” to 216 votes. Sources revealed that 18 to 20 of those “yes” vote would be new.
House leadership scheduled a conference call this Saturday with rank-and-file members of the GOP to discuss the MacArthur Amendment. Speaker Ryan suggested that Republicans are close to a deal on repealing Obamacare. He said, “We’re in the midst of negotiating sort of finishing touches.”



ARTICLE
CNN broke the story, reporting:
The dossier has also been cited by FBI Director James Comey in some of his briefings to members of Congress in recent weeks, as one of the sources of information the bureau has used to bolster its investigation, according to US officials briefed on the probe.
This includes approval from the secret court that oversees the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) to monitor the communications of Carter Page, two of the officials said. Last year, Page was identified by the Trump campaign as an adviser on national security.
This is not the FBI’s only use of the dossier.  Last month, the BBC reported the document served as a “roadmap” for the FBI’s investigation into claims of coordination between Moscow and members of Trump’s presidential campaign.
The dossier, which contains wild and unproven claims about Trump and sordid sexual acts, including the widely-mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate on a hotel room bed, was compiled by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele, who was reportedly paid by Democrats and anti-Trump Republicans to investigate Trump.
Instead of questioning the FBI’s motivations for its reported use of the suspect dossier, some news media organizations actually brandished the FBI’s reported use of it to bolster the dossier’s credibility.
“Report: FBI’s use of Trump dossier in court order request boosts its credibility,” is the title of an AOL.com article.
“Trump’s Russia dossier corroborated: FBI used document to obtain wiretap on Carter Page,” reported Salon.com.
Coverage of the matter by other major news media outlets reviewed by this reporter failed to provide reasonable context regarding the many questions surrounding the dossier or criticism of the document from current and former U.S. officials.
Last month, Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley sent a letter to Fusion GPS, the firm that hired Steele to compile the Trump opposition research dossier, raising questions about the document, including whether Steele was ever paid by the FBI at the same time he was paid by Fusion GPS.
The Washington Post reported that after being paid to compile opposition research on Trump by the billionaire’s opponents during the election, Steele “reached an agreement with the FBI a few weeks before the election for the bureau to pay him to continue his work, according to several people familiar with the arrangement.”
Ultimately, the FBI did not pay Steele, the Post reported.
In light of the Post report, Grassley last month also sent a letter to the FBI requesting information on whether the agency utilized Steele.
In the letter, Grassley questioned the FBI’s intentions over the Steele report:
The idea that the FBI and associates of the Clinton campaign would pay Mr. Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for President in the run-up to the election raises further questions about the FBI’s independence from politics, as well as the Obama administration’s use of law enforcement and intelligence agencies for political ends.
Citing current and former government officials, the New Yorker reported the dossier prompted skepticism in the intelligence community, with the publication quoting one member as saying it was a “nutty” piece of evidence to submit to a U.S. president.
Steele’s work has been questioned by former acting CIA director Morell, who currently works at the Hillary Clinton-tied Beacon Global Strategies LLC. Beacon was founded by Phillippe Reines, who served as communications adviser to Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state. From 2009-2013, Reines also served in Clinton’s State Department as the deputy assistant secretary of state for strategic communications. Reines is the managing director of Beacon.
NBC News reported on Morell’s questions about Steele’s credibility:
Morell, who was in line to become CIA director if Clinton won, said he had seen no evidence that Trump associates cooperated with Russians. He also raised questions about the dossier written by a former British intelligence officer, which alleged a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and Russia. …
Morell pointed out that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Meet the Press on March 5 that he had seen no evidence of a conspiracy when he left office January 20.
“That’s a pretty strong statement by General Clapper,” Morell said.
Regarding Steele’s dossier, Morell stated, “Unless you know the sources, and unless you know how a particular source acquired a particular piece of information, you can’t judge the information — you just can’t.”
Morell charged the dossier “doesn’t take you anywhere, I don’t think.”
“I had two questions when I first read it. One was, How did Chris talk to these sources? I have subsequently learned that he used intermediaries.”
Morell continued:
And then I asked myself, why did these guys provide this information, what was their motivation? And I subsequently learned that he paid them. That the intermediaries paid the sources and the intermediaries got the money from Chris. And that kind of worries me a little bit because if you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers, they are going to tell you truth and innuendo and rumor, and they’re going to call you up and say, “Hey, let’s have another meeting, I have more information for you,” because they want to get paid some more.
I think you’ve got to take all that into consideration when you consider the dossier.
Meanwhile, the FBI became interested in Page after he “gave a Russia-friendly speech at a prestigious Moscow institute,” according to a report in the New York Times citing U.S. officials.
However, the Times does not specify exactly what the FBI suspected Page was doing, or even why his speech drew FBI attention.
The Times reported:
That trip last July was a catalyst for the F.B.I. investigation into connections between Russia and President Trump’s campaign, according to current and former law enforcement and intelligence officials.
It is unclear exactly what about Mr. Page’s visit drew the F.B.I.’s interest: meetings he had during his three days in Moscow, intercepted communications of Russian officials speaking about him, or something else.
The Times report reveals that Page was only monitored after he had already left the campaign:
After Mr. Page, 45 — a Navy veteran and businessman who had lived in Moscow for three years — stepped down from the Trump campaign in September, the F.B.I. obtained a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court allowing the authorities to monitor his communications on the suspicion that he was a Russian agent.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
With research by Joshua Klein.



ARTICLE
“An interim revision to Navy regulations prohibits Navy and Marine Corps personnel from posting intimate photos ‘if the person making the distribution or broadcast does so without legal justification or excuse,'” reported the Navy Times on Wednesday. “The statute details three conditions that will be considered a violation of Navy regulations, including if images are broadcast or transmitted: ‘with the intent to realize personal gain; with the intent to humiliate, harm, harass, intimidate, threaten, or coerce the depicted person; or with reckless disregard as to whether the depicted person would be humiliated, harmed, intimidated, threatened, or coerced,’ the regs read.”
The new rules, which were reportedly signed off by Acting Navy Secretary Sean Stackley, are also set to begin immediately.
“It is characterized as interim until the next edition of Navy regulations is printed,” the Navy Times explained, adding that those who ignore the new regulations could be charged with “failure to obey a lawful order.”
“The addition of Article 1168 ‘Nonconsensual distribution or broadcasting of an image’ to Navy Regulations serves to underscore leadership’s commitment to eliminating degrading behaviors that erode trust and weaken the Navy and Marine Corps Team,” said Rear Adm. Dawn Cutler in a statement. “It provides commanders another tool to maintain good order and discipline by holding Sailors and Marines accountable for inappropriate conduct in the nonconsensual sharing of intimate imagery.
“This article adds the potential charge of Article 92 ‘Failure to obey [an] order or regulation’ to the possible charges that can be used against an alleged perpetrator,” he continued. “Each case of alleged misconduct will be evaluated on its own facts and circumstances.”
In March, it was reported that both the NCIS and the Pentagon had launched an investigation into the scandal, which saw the distribution of “explicit photos of current and former female Marines and other service members” through a Facebook group.
“A private Facebook group called ‘Marines United’ contained a link to a Google Drive folder, where the photos were being stored,” reported CNN last month. “Members on the site solicited others to submit photos of women without their knowledge. The cloud storage folder has been removed at the request of the military.”
“It was not clear to the Defense Department how many current and former Marines may be involved in potential wrongdoing,” they continued. “A former Marine originally brought the matter to the attention of the Marine Corps last month.”
Since the beginning of the scandal, the private images have spread across different parts of the internet and were even reportedly found up for sale on the dark web earlier this month.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.



ARTICLE
“Every month the Security Council convenes a meeting on the Middle East. We have lots of meetings on specific countries and conflicts in this region but this debate is our opportunity to talk about the Middle East as a whole. Regrettably, these monthly meetings routinely turn into Israel-bashing sessions. That’s the way the Security Council has operated for years. It’s a formula that is absurdly biased against one country. It’s a formula that is painfully narrow in its description of the conflicts in the region,” said Haley, who is this month’s president of the Security Council.
In her remarks before the 15-member council Haley condemned Iran, which she said is responsible for regional tumult, from meddling in Yemen and Syria, to its support of Hezbollah.
Read more here.



ARTICLE
The chemical agent did not affect U.S. forces and is still undergoing testing, said Maj. Gen. Joseph Martin, the commander of U.S. and coalition ground forces in Iraq.
“Daesh has used chemicals in the vicinity of Mosul. The chemicals have had no impact on the Iraqi Security Forces. They had no impact on our forces,” Martin said, using a derogatory Arabic acronym for ISIS.
A U.S. defense official said U.S. forces donned protective gear. Australian troops were not exposed to the substance, according to an article by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).
Australian medics provided some Iraqi forces first aid after the attack. A U.S. defense official said those Iraqi forces have returned to duty.
It is not the first time ISIS has used chemical weapons in Iraq. The U.S.-led military coalition confirmed in 2015 the first instances of the terrorist group using sulfur mustard and mustard gas.
An assessment by IHS Conflict Monitor found in November 2015 that ISIS has used chemicals, including chlorine and sulfur mustard agents, at least 52 times in Iraq and Syria since 2014.
Martin said the chemicals ISIS has used in the past are all “low-grade” because of the group’s lack of production capability.
He said the chemicals were believed to have been delivered by indirect fire, meaning via rocket or some projectile containing the chemical agent.
Martin said U.S. forces have the appropriate equipment and training to protect themselves from chemical weapons.
The attack also raised the question of how closely U.S. forces are operating with Iraqi forces. Officials have said U.S. troops are not on the front lines fighting ISIS. However, Martin indicated they are close together and share the same risks.
Martin said U.S. forces are with Iraqi security forces at “various command and control locations throughout Iraq.”
“Being forward with those command and control facilities, they share the same risks the Iraqis do,” he said.
He added that U.S. forces are “forward with the Iraqis each and every day.”
A defense official of unknown nationality told ABC that Australian and U.S. advisers were with Iraqi forces at the time of the attack.
Martin characterized ISIS as getting increasingly desperate, as Iraqi forces – backed by the U.S.-led military coalition – are succeeding in pushing the terrorist group out of their main stronghold in Iraq.
Martin said ISIS members were turning on civilians, killing hundreds each week.
“As I see it, the longer this fight goes on in west Mosul, the civilians will suffer at the hands of a brutal enemy. This is why ISIS must be defeated quickly,” he said.
He said ISIS was using civilians as human shields and fighting from protected sites.
“ISIS uses the tactic of taking civilians hostage for protection while they’re fighting from protected sites. ISIS has been indiscriminate in their use of [vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices] and building IEDs to kill, maim and injure innocent civilians as part of their ongoing campaign of terror,” he said.
Martin said ISIS’s “leadership has fled and their days are numbered.” Meanwhile, he said, Iraqi forces were getting better.
“They continue to improve their capability and demonstrate a level of professionalism that makes me proud to serve with them. It’s only a matter of time before they liberate the rest of Mosul and defeat ISIS in Iraq,” he said.



ARTICLE
Tomas Yarrington, a fugitive governor of the border state of Tamaulipas, is facing multiple drug trafficking and money laundering charges in U.S. federal court. In Mexico, he is facing charges of engaging in organized criminal activity. Yarrington is believed to have sold protection to Mexico’s Gulf Cartel, Los Zetas, and other cartels in exchange for bribes. 
Agents with Homeland Security Investigations working with Italian authorities were able to track down Yarrington and arrest him in Florence. Yarrington has asked to not be extradited to either nation. 
“The United States and Mexico have agreed that upon the conclusion of the U.S. prosecution of Yarrington, and upon a determination of extraditability pursuant to the U.S.-Mexico extradition treaty, he will be temporarily surrendered to Mexico so that he may be brought to justice for the offenses charged against him there,” the joint news release revealed. 
Breitbart Texas reported last week that officials with Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) had contacted the U.S. DOJ attache in Mexico City to relay that Mexico would not be opposed to Yarrington being tried in the U.S. if the Italian courts decided in their favor. Initially PGR tried to claim the story was incorrect, however one week later the joint statement revealed that in fact, PGR is giving precedence to a U.S. prosecution. 
The statement from U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his counterpart Raul Cervantes Andrade point to an apparent end to the tensions between the two countries over the extradition of the governor. Breitbart Texas had initially called out the PGR after officials had tried to take sole credit for Yarrington’s arrest, that claim was further disproven when Italian authorities issued a news release claiming that the arrest was carried out as part of a joint investigation with Homeland Security Investigations.

In the news release, the DOJ credits Mexico for cooperation in the investigation and points to both nations committing to exchanging information in the prosecution of Yarrington. 
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
Writing in the Missourian, Kennedy observed:



ARTICLE
“Failing New York Times, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
The Patriots called out the NYT photos for lacking context and posted a second photo of the team on the stairs on the South Lawn.

These photos lack context. Facts: In 2015, over 40 football staff were on the stairs. In 2017, they were seated on the South Lawn. https://t.co/iIYtV0hR6Y
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017


Thanks @realDonaldTrump & @WhiteHouse for the gracious hospitality today honoring the Super Bowl Champion New England #Patriots! pic.twitter.com/7AU8XsA5Xk
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) April 20, 2017

After the photos were released, the New York Times issued the following correction:
An earlier version of this article included photos comparing the size of the Patriots’ gathering at the White House in 2015 and the gathering on Wednesday. The photo from Wednesday only showed players and coaches; the 2015 photo showed players, coaches and support staff and has been removed.



ARTICLE



ARTICLE
While many speculated over the “personal family matters” which caused Tom Brady to not attend the Patriots White House victory celebration on Wednesday, a tweet from Brady’s wife, Giselle Bundchen, may have the answer.
On the day the Patriots met with President Trump, without Brady, Bundchen tweeted out a link to an upcoming protest against Trump’s environmental policies:

The link extends to a video promoting the “People’s Climate March,” a protest not coincidentally set to take place on Trump’s 100th day in office.
While Brady openly called Trump a friend during the campaign, and famously kept a “Make America Great Again” hat in his locker, Gisele made it clear that she seemed to feel America was just fine without Trump.
Wednesday’s tweet from Gisele strongly suggests that the Brazilian supermodel put significant pressure on Brady to miss the White House visit for political reasons.
According to The Hill, “Bündchen has supported many environmental causes throughout her career. In 2008, she began a project called “Forest of the Future” to begin replanting the Brazilian rainforest, and in 2011, the International Green Awards named her its most environmentally friendly celebrity.”
It’s important to note that Brady never actually said he would vote for Trump. When asked about his voting preferences during the election, the Super Bowl MVP said: “Obviously there’s a lot of headlines to make, and I’ve tried not to make a lot of headlines.”
Oops.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn



ARTICLE
Miguel Zelaya, 20-years-old, Luis Ordonez-Vega, 36-years-old, Jorge Sosa, 24-years-old and William Gavidia, 23-years-old, were all convicted on a count of conspiracy to commit racketeering, according to the Charlotte Observer:
Zelaya, who also goes by “Most Wanted” and “Ne Ne” is a member of MS-13’s “Coronados Little Cycos Salvatrucha” clique. On Dec. 18, 2013, he shot and killed Jose Orlando Ibarra, an associate of The Latin Kings, a rival gang, the release said.
Ordonez-Vega, also known as “Big Boy,” is a member of the Brentwood Locos Salvatrucha” clique, according to the news release. On June 6, 2013, Ordonez-Vega shot and killed Noel Navarro Hernandez in a strip mall parking lot in Charlotte, believing the victim was a member of a rival gang.
Sosa, who goes by “Koki” and “Loco” is a member of the “Charlotte Locotes Salvatrucha” clique. Prosecutors say he’s been involved in multiple gang-related crimes. In Feb. 2008, he flashed MS-13 gang signs at a rival gang member’s mother and pointed a gun at her while they were stopped in traffic. In June, 2013, he was involved in a gang-related shooting where he and another person followed victims in a neighborhood in Charlotte and opened fire with a high-caliber rifle, the release said.
All of the gang members are either immigrants or the children of immigrants in the U.S. and they are also facing state charges for their crimes.
“Today’s guilty verdicts underscore that even though gang membership may in some ways ‘protect’ gangsters from outsiders, it certainly won’t protect them from the vast reach of the US. Attorney’s Office and our law enforcement partners,” U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina Jill Westmoreland Rose said in a statement.
The MS-13 gang members were four of 37 who were charged with racketeering after an investigation into the criminal activity by the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force. Thirty of the other gang members charged with racketeering are either awaiting sentencing or have pleaded guilty to the charges.
According to the U.S. District Attorney, Ordonez-Vega and Zelaya were convicted on charges to murder in aid of racketeering. Those charges are connected to two separate murders. Meanwhile, Sosa was convicted for attempted murder in the aid of racketeering.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.



ARTICLE
Missouri has a state program in which they reimburse organizations who use recycled tire rubber to make floor surfaces on playgrounds softer and safer for children. Trinity Lutheran Church runs a preschool daycare, but is disqualified from being reimbursed because it is a church-related organization.
In the late 1800s, there was an anti-Catholic attempt nationwide to pass a federal constitutional amendment that would bar taxpayer money from going to any religious organizations, on the theory that it would block Roman Catholic schools. While this “Blaine Amendment” never passed at the federal level, 39 states adopted similar provisions in their state constitutions. Missouri is one of those states.
Although originally intended to target the Catholic faith, Blaine Amendments apply to all churches and primarily faith-based operations. As time went on all faiths have found themselves deprived of these programs, whether Evangelical, liberal Protestant, Jewish, or other faiths. Blaine Amendments became a legal tool to push secularism over faith.
Many lawyers and experts have argued for decades that Blaine Amendments violate the Free Exercise Clause of the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment, which provides that the government will not abridge the free exercise of religion. But that is what is happening here, where a church is disqualified from being treated like everyone else for a purely secular program solely because it is an organization that also exercises religious faith.
Justice Elena Kagan may have tipped her hand that she might side with people of faith in this case, which would suggest this could be a lopsided vote in favor of religious liberty, rather than a 5-4 split among the justices.
“But it does seem as though … this is a clear burden on a constitutional right,” Kagan said to James Lanton, the lawyer defending Missouri’s constitutional provision. “And then your interests have to rise to an extremely high level” for the U.S. Constitution to allow the law to stand.
Justice Anthony Kennedy asked hard questions of both sides. “Back in 1947, this Court said in no uncertain terms what the Framers didn’t want was tax money imposed to pay for building or maintaining church property,” he said to Dave Cortman of the Alliance Defending Freedom, representing Trinity Lutheran.
Kagan likewise asked tough questions of both sides. “Suppose there was an application from a church that used its playground for religious activities, had prayer services there, for example.” she began. “Could the state, in your view, deny the money on that ground?,” she asked Cortman.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s toughest questions were directed at Cortman. “Could they demand as a matter of federal constitutional right that that playground be funded, even though they have an admissions policy that favors members of their church?”
“This church is not going to close its religious practices or its doors because its playground doesn’t have these tires,” said Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who like Ginsburg seemed skeptical of the church’s legal argument. “So I’m not sure how this is a free-exercise question, because there is no effect on the religious beliefs.”
Kagan made a point about federalism, which again leans in favor of the church, “I guess there’s something attractive about having some play in the joints where states can go their own way and make their own choices,” he began. “And why shouldn’t this be one of those cases?”
Picking up on a question Justice Samuel Alito had asked Cortman early in the argument, Lanton framed the argument in favor of Missouri by saying, “Justice Alito asked the question as to whether this is an admirable tradition that should be respected, this 39-state tradition of keeping hands off of religion, and the answer from the state’s view is yes.”
His name having been raised, Alito peppered Layton with questions on whether three federal programs would violate the Missouri Constitution if the state had an identical program, such as a federal program for repairing the buildings surrounding the federal facility partially destroyed in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. Layton answered that those programs would be illegal in his state.
Justice Stephen Breyer asked one of the most challenging questions of Lanton, suggesting that he too might consider voting for the church. After getting Missouri’s lawyer to admit that the Constitution would not allow an imaginary law providing that police and fire departments would protect everyone in the state except for churches, Breyer asked:
If [the Free Exercise Clause] does not permit a law that pays money out of the treasury for the health of the children in the church, school, or even going to church, how does it permit Missouri to deny money to the same place for helping children not fall in the playground, cut their knees, get tetanus, break a leg, etc.? What’s the difference?
Trinity Lutheran and their lawyers should not be cheering just yet, though. There are two procedural matters that could derail the entire case.
First, Article III of the Constitution requires adversity for a federal court to have jurisdiction to decide a case, meaning that the two parties must disagree with each other over the legal issue before the court. Here, the state attorney general has taken the side of the church, which is why Lanton, a private attorney, was appointed to defend the state’s Blaine Amendment.
Second, on April 14, Missouri’s new governor declared that he was going to allow Trinity Lutheran, and others, to participate in the tire rubber reimbursement program. Because that could completely remedy the church’s legal injury (being denied reimbursement funds), there is also now a question as to whether the church’s lawsuit has now become moot. Article III does not allow courts to decide moot cases.
Trinity Lutheran Church had a good day before the justices, but it is not clear yet if the Supreme Court will reach the case’s important religious-liberty issue. A decision is expected before July.
Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer is No. 15-577.
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.



ARTICLE
Proposition 64, or the Adult Use of Marijuana Act, was approved by voters, 56% to 44%. As Breitbart News’ Daniel Nussbaum explained last year:
Residents 21 years of age or older will be allowed to possess and use up to one ounce (28g) of marijuana and grow up to six plants for recreational use. The measure also imposes a 15 percent sales tax and a cultivation tax of $9.25 per ounce for flowers and $2.75 per ounce for leaves on retail sales.
Medical marijuana would retain some tax exemptions. Tax revenue would go toward local health departments and nonprofits for community services including job placement and addiction treatment, while a portion would go toward state university research into the implementation of the measure and the development of a DUI test-equivalent for drivers who use marijuana.
According to the Los Angeles Times, the state has until January 1, 2018 to begin issuing licenses to non-medical marijuana retailers, meaning it could be some time before recreational dispensaries begin operating.
Although it is not yet legal — or possible — to walk into a marijuana dispensary and buy pot for recreational use, many Californians simply assume that the drug is completely legal and that laws against its public use will not be enforced.
In San Francisco, locals are bracing for what NBC Bay Area says will be a crowd of “tens of thousands” in Golden Gate Park.
Though city officials are at pains to distance themselves from the annual celebration of the drug, which occurs every April 20, they have accepted it as a reality: “Love it or hate it, the culturally historic ‘4/20 festival’ is not going away,” said Board of Supervisors President London Breed.
NBC adds that the biggest complaint of residents is the massive amount of garbage left behind, and the cleanup that inevitably follows the following day.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



ARTICLE
The trio were photographed in the Oval Office with President Trump, and they even took a photo in front of the Hillary Clinton portrait.

“A great night at the White House,” Palin wrote on Facebook. “Thank you to President Trump for the invite!”
Palin wrote about the dinner, explaining her choice of guests to bring:
President Trump’s invitation for dinner included bringing a couple of friends; it was the highest honor to have great Americans who are independent, hardworking, patriotic, and unafraid share commonsense solutions at the White House. (Asked why I invited Kid Rock and Ted Nugent I joked, “Because Jesus was booked.“)
CNN’s Jake Tapper and Palin posted photos of the event on Facebook. Nugent and his wife also posted pictures of the occasion on Facebook.
Nugent wrote:
So today is the 242nd anniversary of The Shot Heard Round The World is it! Well well well looky looky here boogie chillin’, I got your Shot Heard Round The World right here in big ol greazyass Washington DC where your 1 & only MotorCity Madman WhackMaster StrapAssasin1 dined with President Donald J Trump at the WhiteHouse to Make America Great Again! Got that? Glowing all American over the top WE THE PEOPLE gory details coming ASAP!! BRACE!



ARTICLE
From the politicians’ perspective, their reforms are aimed at making the system more equitable for those accused and convicted of criminal activity.
In two identical proposals by two Capitol Democrats — State Senator Robert Hertzberg (D-Encino), primary author of Senate Bill 10, and Assemblymember Rob Bonta (D-Alameda), primary author of Assembly Bill 42 — the state would fundamentally overhaul the pre-trial release process, largely doing away with the surety bail system. That system would be replaced with one that has a heavy bias towards releasing those charged with non-violent, non-serious felonies (including residential burglary) and misdemeanors on their word that they will return to court for their required appearances.
The mirror proposals going through the legislative process would also reduce the current bail schedule based on seriousness of charges to a new method where a judge must set bail at the lowest amount possible the amount that a judge feels would be necessary to ensure the accused individual would not be a flight risk.
However, a review of the legislation reveals that it is structured in a way to significant reduce the role of crime victims in this process, despite the passage in 2008 by voters of a Crime Victims’ Bill of Rights, Marsy’s Law, to ensure that victims would have, among other rights, the ability to have a voice in the criminal justice process.
Under the current system, the potential pre-trial release of someone charged with a crime takes place at an arraignment hearing. California’s Constitution requires that victims be notified of public hearings, and that they have a right to be present, and to be able to make a statement to the judge. These rights not only ensure that victims are treated with dignity and respect, but also allow a victim to weigh in on potential release conditions.
The proposals by Hertzberg and Bonta would, in the case of all misdemeanors and many felonies, shift the decision process on pre-trial release of those charged with crimes from a hearing (where victims have rights) to an administrative process where an agency completes a pre-trial assessment report and arrestees are released without a public hearing at all, based on findings in the report.
Nowhere in the legislation is consideration given to provide victims with notification that this assessment is taking place. Nowhere is a victim given an opportunity to provide input to the assessment. If a victim has a concern for his or her safety, and perhaps would like a protective order agains the individual being released, there is no way for the victim to be heard, or for his or her concerns to be taken into account.
This effort made headlines this week when famed bounty hunter Duane Chapman, the star of the reality TV show “Dog The Bounty Hunter” for eight seasons, appeared in an Assembly Public Safety Committee hearing to testify against the legislation. The committee narrowly passed the legislation, with three Democrats voting yes, one Democrat abstaining, and the two Republicans voting no.
The Senate version of the bill passed through that chamber’s Public Safety Committee earlier this month, with all five Democrats voting yes, and lone Republican vote against it. Both bills must pass an additional committee before heading to the Assembly and Senate floors, respectively, for a full vote. Ultimately one of the bills will need to cross over and be passed by the other chamber before heading to the Governor’s desk.
Primary supporters of this legislation include the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), public defenders, and criminal defense lawyers, as well as various social justice groups – primarily arguing that the current system disadvantages those who cannot afford to pay bail.
Opponents are largely public safety organizations and, of course, bail bonds companies – who feel that this change would lead to an increased number of those accused of crimes fleeing, or committing other crimes while released.
This legislation follows on the heels of other controversial changes to the criminal justice system in California, including prison realignment, a ballot measure approved that reduced sentencing guidelines for many significant crimes; and a proposal approved by voters last November that ends determinative sentencing, and which will allow a great many convicted felons to come up for parole significantly earlier.
These ballot measures were passed largely on the strength of misleading ballot titles and summaries issued by then-Attorney General, now U.S. Senator, Kamala Harris.
Jon Fleischman is the Politics Editor of Breitbart California. You can follow him on Twitter here.



ARTICLE
CalExit founder Louis Marinelli has officially emigrated to Russia, and Marcus Ruiz Evans, the official proponent of the 2018 California ballot initiative to secede from the union, has formally withdrawn the proposal, according to a report in the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday.
The Times reports:
Marcus Ruiz Evans, the initiative’s official proponent, sent an email Monday to the secretary of state’s office asking to cancel his initiative. State election law allows a proposed ballot measure to be recalled for any reason, as long as it happens prior to 131 days before the election. But to do so, Evans must submit a signed letter — which has yet to be received.
…
Evans’ initiative would have asked voters next November to call a special election in March 2019, at which time they would be asked to vote on formal secession from the U.S. Whether voter approval could have actually turned California into an independent nation was a source of debate by constitutional experts, with some saying there was no currently operational method for a state to do so. The U.S. Constitution only lays out the steps for a state to join the union.
Evans reportedly plans to resurrect the idea later this spring. However, California’s Democratic Party leaders have repeatedly urged their supporters not to consider secession as a viable political option.
One reason is the state’s continued dependence on the federal government. Governor Jerry Brown has asked for, and been granted, emergency relief funds four times in President Trump’s first several weeks in office alone.
Photo: File
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.



