ARTICLE
Republicans control the White House and both branches of Congress, but you wouldn’t know it by the budget they are preparing to pass into law.
After avoiding a government shutdown last week, and with another shutdown looming on Friday, House and Senate leaders have hammered out a 1,700-page, $1 trillion omnibus spending bill to fund the government through the end of fiscal year 2017 (which falls on September 30). It is noteworthy for what it does not include: namely, most of Donald Trump’s and Republicans’ recent campaign promises. The bill does not defund Planned Parenthood. It does not include any of the president’s deep cuts to domestic agencies. Public broadcasting is funded at current levels. The National Endowment for the Arts’ budget is increased. There’s even funding for California’s high-speed rail.
So what did Republicans get? As has been widely reported, the bill does not fund the president’s border wall. Instead, it provides $1.5 billion for border-security improvements, such as new technology and repairs to existing infrastructure. Inasmuch as the border wall was oversold as a solution to illegal border crossings, that may be a decent trade, but there is no indication that these measures at the border will be accompanied by financing for more-aggressive interior enforcement. Indeed, the $1.5 billion cannot be used to hire additional Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents.
Additionally, while increasing spending for border security, Republicans are once again backing an increase to the H-2B visa program, which issues visas to foreign workers for temporary non-agricultural service jobs. Republicans temporarily quadrupled the program in the December 2015 omnibus bill, apparently under the impression that ski lifts would go unmanned without help from Guatemalan workers. Now they are set to double the program’s cap for the remainder of the fiscal year, giving seasonal businesses new opportunities to undercut American workers.
That said, there is one significant victory. The president received $15 billion for the Pentagon, half of his desired defense-budget increase, as well as $10 billion for emergency defense spending through the overseas contingency fund — and these defense outlays were not tethered to an equal increase in non-defense discretionary spending. That was the precedent during the Obama years, and it’s good that it has been broken.
Nonetheless, these things aside, it’s hard to chalk the bill up as anything but a loss. Yes, there were limits to what Republicans could do: They need Democratic votes to push a spending bill over the finish line, and they would undoubtedly shoulder the blame for any shutdown — justifiably or not. Presumably, Republican leadership decided that, since they’ll be negotiating another budget in September, they should keep their powder dry for the time being.
But Republicans have a tendency to keep their powder dry indefinitely, and it’s hard to imagine a different outcome in future negotiations. After all, Republican voters supposedly elected a “fighter,” yet neither the president nor the Republican leadership seem to have fought for much of anything in this round.



ARTICLE
House Republicans should vote for the latest version of the health-care bill. We say so even though we have criticized previous versions and the process that led to this one, and even though we still have serious reservations. We say it because the bill has moved in the right direction, and because in our judgment passage through the House now considerably raises the likelihood that we will see improvements in health policy this year.
The bill as it stands would abolish Obamacare’s fines on people without health insurance, reduce taxes and spending, reform Medicaid by moving it closer to federalist principles, and open the door to deregulation in states that choose to pursue it. It would thus move us closer to a system in which people would be able to buy renewable catastrophic coverage, and without subjecting such policies to disadvantages compared with other types of insurance.
Some House Republicans are concerned that the bill might undermine protections for people with pre-existing conditions because, under some circumstances, it would let states allow insurers to consider people’s health status when pricing coverage. But those circumstances should ease their concerns. Insurers could consider health status only in the case of people who have not been continuously insured, and even then could consider health status only for each person for a one-year period, and only in states that offer such people access to high-risk pools. The point of that provision is to give people an incentive to buy coverage when they’re healthy and remain continuously insured without an individual mandate. It is not intended to leave people with pre-existing conditions unprotected, and it takes some care to avoid doing that.
Senators should pursue two complementary objectives in amending the bill if it comes before them: lowering premiums through further deregulation and promoting broad coverage levels through reforms (and if necessary augmentations) to the bill’s subsidy structure. The House has based its work on some assumptions about what the Senate’s procedural rules will ultimately bear. Senators will be better positioned to test those assumptions. It may turn out, given Senate rules, that the right approach would be simply to send money to the states with a directive to use it as they see fit to ensure that people without access to Medicare, Medicaid, and employer-provided insurance have coverage. Additionally, senators should take the strongest possible measures to keep government subsidies from benefiting abortionists.
We’re not going to give up on health-care reform if this bill fails in the House. Republicans should be under no illusion that either passage or failure will make this issue go away: They are going to continue to face conflicting pressures from different groups of voters for years to come. They need to find a way to pull the health-care system back from the centralizing path on which Obamacare put it. At the moment, House passage of this bill looks like the most plausible way.



ARTICLE
President Trump has invited Rodrigo Duterte, the mercurial president of the Philippines, to the White House. In a similar move, he also says he might meet with Kim Jong-un of North Korea. President Duterte, like his North Korean counterpart, might well be mentally ill; his unpredictable rants (which make President Trump’s look sedate) do not suggest stability. Regardless, if at all possible, America needs Duterte on its side.
Duterte’s value to the United States does not, as Reince Priebus oddly suggested over the weekend, have to do with North Korea. Duterte has very little economic or policy relevance to the problems we have with Kim Jong-un’s regime. He’s important, rather, because of China – and specifically, because of his policy towards China’s island-construction campaign. The successor to Japan’s expansionism in the 1930s, China’s island imperialism in the East and South China Seas has two objectives. First, it seeks to establish control over the vast trade flows (including energy-related ones) through those waters. Second, it seeks to push out U.S. military forces. If China succeeds, regional governments will become subjects to an authoritarian empire with a placid name: the Asian Investment Infrastructure Bank.
The Philippines is crucial if that outcome is to be prevented. Geography explains why. At the southern edge of the South China Sea is Malaysia. At the western edge is Vietnam. And at the eastern edge is the Philippines. While China’s expansionism has provoked rising concern in all three nations, the Philippines is the linchpin – because of the Spratly island chain, which is the effective doorway to the northern Pacific. Sitting between Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, and the Malacca Strait – the Pacific Ocean’s gateway to the Indian Ocean — the Spratlys are geopolitical crown jewels. If China controls them, it controls the Western Pacific.
Malaysia and Vietnam both have claims to the Spratlys, but the Philippines has shown the most resolve in standing up to China, and last year won an international ruling against China on the ownership of the islands.
The situation Trump must deal with is that Duterte has not yet decided how to deal with the Spratlys. Until recently, he had been suggesting that he would accept Chinese control in order to win favorable trade and political terms with Beijing. Duterte’s choice was likely in part a consequence of President Obama’s deep hesitation over the issue of preserving stability in the South China Sea.
But early last month, Duterte ordered his military to occupy some of the islands. For the U.S. and the region, this was a positive development. After all, to succeed in its East China Sea imperialism, China must be opposed by a collective of nations to the east, west, and south. Even with U.S. support, however, Vietnam and Malaysia could not — without the Philippines — prevent China’s expansionism. But if Duterte opposed China’s activities, the U.S might also persuade others to do so. As long-term strategic interests go, a White House meeting with Duterte would be a small price to pay for that outcome. Indeed, sharing Duterte’s flamboyance, disdain for criticism, and unbridled machismo, Trump might actually be the perfect diplomat for this situation. If nothing else, Trump’s dealing with Duterte is far less risky than his dealing with Putin-the-manipulator.
Some disagree. Rightly disgusted by Duterte’s human-rights abuses, many U.S. commentators are now claiming that a Duterte White House visit would stain America’s moral credibility. But this view is inconsistent with the approach taken by many of the same commentators in March 2009. Back then, Obama offered friendship to Iran’s theocratic leaders, even though there were no perceivable short-term gains that could be achieved by doing so. That fake friendship carried a heavy price. Three months later, Obama stayed silent as the theocrats brutalized Iranians protesting for basic freedom. Unbound from verifiable expectations, Obama’s friends-with-Iran-at-all-costs policy meant eight years of chaos for Iraqi and Lebanese democracy, the Syrian regime’s chemical/barrel-bomb/starvation attacks on civilians, and the violent regional politicization of sectarianism.
In some cases, though, talking with challenging foreign leaders can be fruitful. Take Obama’s predecessor. In December 2006, President Bush hosted Abdul Aziz al-Hakim at the White House. Leader of a powerful but hardline Iraqi Shiite political party, al-Hakim was no American ally. On the contrary, as al-Hakim sat in the Oval Office, his underlings at the Iraqi Interior Ministry were continuing to kidnap, torture, and murder thousands of Iraqi Sunnis. Bush knew this. But he also knew that U.S. strategic interests required influence in Iraqi politics. And he believed al-Hakim could offer that. He was right. The surge, and associated political compromises from Shiite political groups, followed in the ensuing years.
Bush’s hard-headed realism helped save Iraq. Obama’s putative realism, in contrast, won him a preemptive Nobel prize, and gave America’s enemies ballistic missiles that will eventually carry nuclear warheads.
Yes, Duterte’s murder of thousands of drug users is deeply immoral. Yes, it deserves expression of U.S. concern. But for Trump, the operative question is whether those acts override all other American concerns. I do not believe that they do. We have major strategic interests that Duterte can either support or strangle. Trump is right to engage him.
– Tom Rogan is a columnist for National Review Online, a contributor to the Washington Examiner, and a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group. Follow him on Twitter @TomRtweets. E-mail him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.



ARTICLE
It is often hard to discern, but, despite an unprecedented amount of friction and the continued implacable hostility of the discredited post-Reagan political establishment, Donald Trump is continuing to gain ground in his holy crusade against them. He mousetrapped himself into turning 100 days into an important milestone, unlike any other president except Franklin D. Roosevelt (who had a unanimous mandate to deal radically with the Great Depression). Very predictably, this has turned into an empty-net goal for the large swath of the media whom he has correctly described as, in terms of honest reportage, “enemies of the people.” But in fact, although the impression has often, and not always inaccurately, been one of chaos and unserious amateurism in the administration, the president has achieved a lot.
He has dodged a trap by ignoring the silly partisan overreach of carefully chosen left-wing courts on the West Coast over his immigration executive order, and will surely be vindicated by the Supreme Court, a seat on which he has successfully filled. Illegal immigration has already declined by 70 percent. The foolishness about Trump’s campaign collusion with Russia will soon be hanging around the neck of the Democrats like a toilet seat.
He has dismantled the eco-hysteria apparatus that responded to unproved climate alarmism, and he has moved to reduce foreign oil imports. And American foreign policy is inching toward coherence: Substantial discussions appear to be underway with Russia and China, and North Korea is being faced seriously for the first time since the Clinton administration started down the garden path to impossible cooperation (and made the ex gratia payment to the Kimist hermit kingdom of $4 billion).
But the coruscation of the Trump phenomenon: whether it is a defining and positive turn in American history of great importance, or an interlude in American decline of histrionic and comedic note only, depends on the revival of economic growth, and this depends on the proposed changes to the tax system and the health-care system. The Democrats are still circling the airport in disbelief that they and their Bush-Romney-McCain Republican doppelgängers are really more than temporarily out of control. They will not dream of coming back to ground and cooperating in anything with this administration until they are convinced that Trump is not just a dreadful but fleeting nightmare, a dark meteor over their incumbency in the public trough.
The Democrats might have to vote for infrastructure renovation, and will be hard-pressed to try to oppose tax cuts for the modest and middle-income taxpayers. But they will cling to the pieties of fiscal responsibility as long as they can, perfectly oblivious to their party’s magnification of the federal debt accumulated in 233 years of American independence by 125 percent in the Obama years. No sane participant in the American political process can dispute that economic growth is desirable, and that it can absorb and defray a large chunk of increased spending.
GDP growth declined from 4.5 percent annually in the last six Reagan years, to 3.9 percent in the last six Clinton years (as the current-account deficit and the housing bubble ballooned), to 2 percent in the George W. Bush years, to 1 percent in the Obama years. If per capita GDP had increased in the first 15 years of this new century as it had in the years between 1945 and 2000, families and individuals in the United States would be 20 percent wealthier than they are. In the Reagan years, the federal debt increased from 40 to 50 percent of GDP. That debt declined a little in the Clinton years, but, in this century, even as a percentage of GDP, it has more than doubled.
These are extremely dangerous trends. The average American is aware of a 15-year flatlined income in terms of buying power, and the absence of job security despite an official level of unemployment of a very acceptable 4.7 percent. Most would know, from their own experiences or acquaintances, that the labor force has shrunk, in fact by 15 million people. There are now over 20 million Americans of prime employment age (25 to 54) who have dropped out and are sustained by the benefit system, especially Medicaid-supplied painkillers, food stamps, and activities that generally escape official compilation. Many of these are among the 750,000 people released each year by the bloated and corrupt prison system, which does all it can to demotivate, stigmatize, and render unemployable those released — and make more likely the return to its embrace. The system in any case always imprisons at least as many new convicts each year.
If the Trump administration does not get a tax bill through that rekindles economic expansion, the entire American project is going to face its greatest crisis since Roosevelt came in to grapple with the Great Depression. Naturally, as part of the magic-carpet ride the media gave to the Obama administration, the extreme doldrums of the country’s economy were not much mentioned and overmuch was made of the practically irrelevant official unemployment number. There was a fair amount of discussion about people living “from paycheck to paycheck” and some comment on the strained purchasing power of much of the middle- and working-class people. But it was all in the context of the slow recovery from the financial crisis of 2008, which was laid entirely at the door of George W. Bush, though the pieces of the disaster were put in place by President Clinton and his overrated collaborators, Robert Rubin and Alan Greenspan.
When the music stopped, it was President Bush who reassuringly uplifted us with the comment that “the sucker could go down,” referring to the national economy. President Obama was allegedly concerned during the 2012 election, which was pretty close after the first debate, which Governor Romney won, that Romney could win the election and get the credit for “the recovery.” If the numbers are computed properly, there has been little recovery. President Trump has proposed tax changes — simplification, rate reductions, elimination of special exemptions, patriation of overseas corporate profits — that will induce a recovery and reverse 30 years of declining economic growth.
Nothing less than the specter of the end of American confidence in ever-brightening prospects, and the thought of a nation in durable decline — something the great nations of Europe and Asia have faced but the United States has not, a repulsive and horrifying assault on the whole American ethos and mythos — impends if Trump does not get a serious tax and health-care reform through. He has courted the Congress, even many of the Democrats, very assiduously lately, and no one in Washington can fail to see the need for comprehensive action. In most matters, the whole system has been gridlocked since Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich put through welfare reform in 1996, and President Clinton, with some reluctance, signed it.
In all of the circumstances, the president’s followers and the country will give him time, but everyone, down to the least politically connected and sophisticated unskilled worker, knows that in some way, the economy has to start growing again; things have to get better and the terrible tension of tens of millions of families being on a financial knife-edge must end positively. Some revenue enhancement will have to be added, even if it is provisional on failure to reduce the deficit over a significant period. (Depending on how the legislation is written, this can be up to ten years.)
This is a make-or-break moment, not just for the administration and the long-dysfunctional system, but for the American people and nation. Everyone will have to look beyond the foibles of the president and the shambles of partisan discourse and unseemly maneuver. It must happen in the next year.
— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and Flight of the Eagle: The Grand Strategies That Brought America from Colonial Dependence to World Leadership.



ARTICLE
NextEra Energy, which bills itself on its website as “the world’s largest generator of renewable energy,” is suing a tiny municipality in one of Oklahoma’s poorest counties.
In mid February, NextEra, which operates 110 wind projects in 20 states, filed lawsuits in both state and federal court against the town of Hinton, population: 3,200. Why is the wind giant suing the Caddo County town? Simple: Hinton stands between NextEra and nearly $18 million per year in federal tax subsidies.
NextEra isn’t suing only Hinton. Since last October, the wind giant has filed lawsuits against five rural governments from Oklahoma to Michigan, all of which have imposed limits on wind-turbine development. The company has also filed a libel suit against Esther Wrightman, a Canadian activist who opposed a project NextEra wanted to build in Kerwood, Ontario. Wrightman’s offense? She called the company “NexTerror” and “NextError” on her website, ontario-wind-resistance.org. That libel suit, filed four years ago, is still pending.
To be certain, the oil and gas industry has filed lawsuits against local governments that have sought limits on hydraulic fracturing. The difference is that NextEra is using taxpayers’ money to fund its courthouse mugging of small-town America. Between 2008 and 2015, according to a recent report by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, NextEra accumulated profits of $21.5 billion but didn’t pay a dime in federal income taxes. Over that time frame, only ten other American companies received more in tax subsidies than NextEra. Nor does it appear that NextEra will be paying federal taxes any time soon. In its 10-K filing for 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the company reported $3 billion in tax-credit carryforwards that it can use to directly offset tax liabilities in future years. Remember, tax credits are more valuable than a deduction from revenue or accelerated depreciation. As my accounting consultant (and brother) Wally Bryce, a CPA, reminds me: “You’d much rather get a tax credit because it applies dollar for dollar against what you owe the government.”
NextEra wants more tax credits. And it’s litigating to get more. But each lawsuit NextEra files against a yet-smaller rural town or yet-smaller website owner provides another example of the backlash against Big Wind and, even more appalling, how Big Wind is using the issue of climate change as an excuse to make a run on the Treasury. Since 2015, more than 130 government entities in states from Maine to California have moved to reject or restrict the encroachment of the wind industry. And while other wind companies have also sued small towns, none can match NextEra’s scorched-earth tactics.
On January 17, Hinton town officials passed an ordinance that calls wind turbines “a public nuisance” and prohibits their installation within two miles of the town’s borders. In a recent phone interview, Hinton’s mayor, Shelly Newton, told me that she and other town officials met with NextEra representatives last year and that the company agreed to the two-mile restricted area. When the town officials asked NextEra to put the agreement in writing, the company refused. A month after the town passed the ordinance, the company filed its lawsuits.
“We were trying to give ourselves some elbow room,” said Newton, whose ancestors settled in Oklahoma more than a century ago. Hinton is the second-largest town in Caddo County, where the average annual per capita income is about $17,800. For per capita income, Caddo ranks 69th among Oklahoma’s 77 counties. Nationally, Caddo ranks near the bottom 10 percent of all U.S. counties in per capita income.
Last October, NextEra filed a state lawsuit against officials in Clinton County, Mo., shortly after the county passed a ban on wind turbines. In January, NextEra filed suit in Indiana state court after officials in Rush County denied a permit for a 22-turbine project the company wants to build.
In Canadian court, NextEra still hasn’t dismissed its 2013 libel suit against Wrightman even though they beat her: After a bitter fight, NextEra got the permits it needed to build the 60-megawatt Adelaide wind project. After losing the fight over the Adelaide facility, Wrightman and her family decamped for Saint Andrews, New Brunswick. In a recent e-mail, she told me that her only significant asset is the family business, Wrightman Alpines Nursery, which she inherited from her recently deceased father, Harvey. NextEra’s libel lawsuit “makes me so friggin’ mad,” she added, “ . . . the power they have with their game of legal warfare.”
The latest to be sued by NextEra: Ellington Township, Mich. On March 31, NextEra sued the township (population: 1,200) in federal court. That lawsuit came about six weeks after the wind-energy giant filed a federal suit against Almer Township, Mich., population: 3,100. The two townships are fighting a 118-megawatt NextEra project that would put more than four dozen 500-foot-high wind turbines on roughly 10,000 acres in Tuscola County; the facility would cover about 15 square miles.
NextEra’s litigation against the two townships is the latest example of the backlash against Big Wind in rural Michigan, a backlash that has been raging for years. Today, Almer Township will vote on a referendum on NextEra’s project. In addition, nearly 20 other rural townships in Michigan will vote on wind-related ballot initiatives today.
I recently spoke to Russell Speirs, the newly elected town supervisor in Ellington, Mich. He took office in November after sweeping out the incumbent supervisor, who’d been in office for two decades, by a 3-to-1 margin. “The township board had lost connection to the people it was representing,” Speirs told me. Four of the five seats on the new board were filled by people opposed to NextEra’s project, and they quickly passed a moratorium on new wind installations. Speirs says the town will fight NextEra. “We are not going to be intimidated, and we are not going to back down.”
Mike Pattullo is among the leaders of the opposition to NextEra’s proposed wind project in Ellington. In November, Pattullo’s wife, Carmell Pattullo, was elected to be the township’s new treasurer. The Pattullos are part of a loosely organized group called Ellington-Almer Township Concerned Citizens. The group has a Facebook page and has raised some cash to fight NextEra. “We’ve spent about $20,000, and not a penny of it has come from outside this community,” Mike Pattullo told me. When I asked him if NextEra had been straightforward with the township about its project, he quickly replied, “Absolutely not — I don’t think they’ve been truthful with us at all.”
Since the November election, Pattullo and his family (including his 77-year-old mother) have been subjected to repeated verbal abuse by Dave Vollmar, a landowner who has leased his property to NextEra for the proposed wind project. Vollmar’s obscenity-laden screeds have been documented on video and are examples of how, in Pattullo’s view, the conflict over NextEra’s wind project is ripping “the township to shreds.”
NextEra’s litigation against Hinton, Ellington, Wrightman, and others raises an obvious question: If wind energy is as green and clean as 350.org, the Sierra Club, and the Natural Resources Defense Council keep telling us, why is the world’s biggest wind-energy company trying to sue rural governments and activists into submission?
Then again, perhaps NextEra doesn’t need to worry about its image. On February 16, the company issued a press release bragging that it ranked first among electric and gas utilities on Fortune magazine’s 2017 list of the world’s most-admired companies. The release said it marks the “10th time in the past 11 years that NextEra” has been “voted the top company in its industry.”
Indeed, not paying taxes and suing wind-energy opponents appears to be excellent for business. Since 2013, when NextEra sued Wrightman, the company’s market capitalization has nearly doubled. It now stands at about $62 billion.
— Robert Bryce is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and author of Smaller Faster Lighter Denser Cheaper: How Innovation Keeps Proving the Catastrophists Wrong.



ARTICLE
American democracy is under strain.
Public disenchantment with democracy as a system of government has grown consistently in recent decades, with Gallup surveys showing a large decline of confidence in democratic institutions. The number of Americans having confidence in citizens to make good judgments “under our democratic system” is at a historic low of 56 percent. An alarming 40 percent of the population has “lost faith” in U.S. democracy, according to a poll published in the Washington Post last year. The levels of frustration reflected in these surveys — all pre-Trump administration — reveal the preconditions for dark political developments. The imperative to understand their causes could not be greater.
Economists Have a Blind Spot about Inequality
Two economic phenomena deserve particular attention for anyone considering the sources of this discontent with democracy. One of them is generating unhappiness among middle- and lower-income citizens, while the other contributes to grievances at the top end. The misconceptions of economists have played a key role in each of these phenomena, and a continuation of these flawed assumptions driving public policy is set to lead to further strain on the political system. Let me explain.
The first misconception relates to the blind spot that economists have regarding competition. That blind spot is itself the result of one of the foundational assumptions of modern economics, the Pareto principle, which holds that if a government policy improves the spending power of one group, we should assume zero impairment to other groups providing their absolute position does not go backward.
The significance of the Pareto principle to economics has been enormous: Because inequality is regarded as irrelevant by definition, the policies that economists judge “efficient” naturally tend to be those that widen the gap between higher- and lower-wealth citizens. Over recent decades, the zero-impairment assumption employed by economists has been central to many major policies that entailed expanding inequality, and will indeed be central to changes that might cause the same in the future.
Economists accept the zero-impairment assumption because they think in terms of goods and services such as furniture, food, and haircuts: If the spending power of one group is increased, this doesn’t impair the ability of others to compete for these goods — producers can simply increase supply. (Indeed, economists sometimes cite the consumption of these assets to argue that concerns about rising inequality are irrational.)
The logical flaw in this theory is that there is a range of other critically important assets, ignored by economists, of which the supply is limited. For these assets in limited supply, spending power is bidding power, meaning that higher inequality diminishes the ability of less wealthy people to compete for them.
Some Critical Assets Are in Limited Supply and out of Reach
The first of these assets is a simple but critical one: marriage partners. In our Darwinian world, there is intense competition to find the best biological mate, and financial resources are a key means of winning that competition. If we increase the spending power of higher earners and their children, this diminishes the ability of those with less wealth to secure the most desirable marriage partners. Matt Ridley, a noted author of several books on evolutionary biology, puts it neatly:
Inequality has increased in most developed countries during recent decades, and it is notable that over the same time people have been increasingly marrying partners from similar economic backgrounds. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s examination of marriage trends over recent decades has found a declining number of people mating outside their economic strata in almost every developed country, including the United States. “Increasingly,” the OECD says, “people are married to spouses with similar earnings levels, a process known as assortative mating.”
Another critical asset with limited supply is real estate. The disproportionate increase in the spending power of higher-wealth people over recent decades has enhanced the ability of those people and their offspring to compete for the most desirable real estate, while the ability of those below them to bid for that real estate has been diminished. Princeton University researchers have found that in recent decades the concentration of high-income families in affluent areas has risen significantly, alongside an increasing concentration of poor families in low-income areas. “Rising inequality in the economic sphere,” the researchers concluded, “was accompanied by growing separation in the spatial realm, as households increasingly sorted themselves by income and wealth within America’s urban geography.”
A third such asset is occupation ranking. Having extra spending power increases the chances that high earners and their children will secure the top positions in virtually every occupation, from property developer to restaurateur. Policies may expand the number of desirable positions, of course, but in securing the most desirable of those positions it remains the case that a greater spending power means an enhanced competitiveness against others. Research from economists at the United States Federal Reserve and the Department of the Treasury found that positional stagnation has significantly increased over recent decades, with high earners occupying the best jobs for longer, while those below remain longer in less desirable positions.
The combined effects of these assets obviously have profound impacts on people’s life opportunities, impacts that are in turn passed down to subsequent generations. Economists have long been baffled by concerns about rising inequality — “they have more TVs than ever!” — but as we consider the loss of bidding power for such elemental assets as mates, territory, and occupations, this frustration is entirely predictable. People with relatively less wealth have lost the ability to compete for things that matter.
It is clear that one of the unintended consequences of government policies that disproportionately lifted the spending power of higher-income citizens has been to enhance their ability to shield themselves and their children from competition for these critical assets. Over a period of decades, the cumulative effect of the widening gap in bidding power has been an increased social rigidity. The eminent political scientist Charles Murray has found in America today “the formation of classes that are different in kind and in their degree of separation from anything that the nation has ever known.” With a diminished bidding power, it is unsurprising that many of those on lower incomes feel that “the system is rigged” and that “the American dream is dead.”
If American economic policymakers continue to introduce policies that move the United States toward hyper-inequality, the consequences of the continued loss of bidding power for non-wealthy families will be predictable and increasingly severe. Step by step, we will see a further impairment of competitiveness, greater social stratification, and an even deeper frustration with the political system. Economists in this situation, wedded to the Pareto assumption of zero-impairment, might ultimately find themselves the unwitting drivers of democratic disorder.
Growing Inequality Makes the Wealthy Feel Aggrieved, Too
Now that we have explained a key source of the political malaise afflicting non-wealthy people, let us turn to the frustrations of higher-wealth people, because they constitute the other side of the vise squeezing the institutions of democracy.
One of the under-appreciated aspects of public disenchantment with democracy globally over recent decades has been the rise of support for authoritarianism among higher-wealth people. The most recent World Values Survey shows that for the first time higher-earning people in almost every region are now more likely to support authoritarianism than are low- and middle-income earners, including in the United States, where support has nearly doubled since 1995 to 34 percent.
The key source of the growing frustration of wealthy people is obviously not their financial standing, which is higher than it’s ever been. It is their sense that they are carrying more than their share of the tax burden. Underpinning this complaint is a “tax-share argument” constructed by economists, which relies on income-tax statistics showing an increasingly large proportion of tax being drawn from high earners and a correspondingly lower proportion from those below.
Harvard professor Gregory Mankiw, author of the most popular economics textbooks in the United States, has used tax and expenditure statistics to claim that a majority of Americans are now net “takers” because they receive more from the government than they give. “The middle class,” writes Mankiw, “having long been a net contributor to the funding of government, is now a net recipient of government largess.” Mitt Romney, who employed Mankiw as an economic adviser, drew on tax-share statistics when he made his dismissive remark that almost half of Americans — 47 percent — lacked a sense of personal responsibility.
There are numerous flaws in such analyses, but the chief logical error in using tax shares to demonstrate “unfairness” is that they ignore underlying structural trends in inequality. What has happened is that over recent decades across the globe high earners have enjoyed a disproportionate lift in incomes, and as a result the proportion of the total tax burden paid by high earners has also risen. The greater tax share doesn’t demonstrate a greater virtue of high earners compared with their parents’ generation; it’s just a reflection of much higher gross incomes. The pertinent point is that the after-tax incomes of higher earners are higher than ever before, making their claims of victimhood illogical.
Notwithstanding the flaws in using the share of income taxes paid as a measure of relative virtue, the sense of grievance among higher-income earners is real and widespread. An unsavory rhetoric has emerged from the tax-share argument, dividing society into makers and takers, and many high earners have used that rhetoric to argue for higher taxes on low and middle earners. Some high earners, from venture capitalists to political figures, have gone further and suggested that the voting rights of lower-wealth people be diminished in some way.
The consequence of economists’ providing legitimacy to these grievances among higher-wealth people is serious: Some wealthy Americans have come to feel that they are the only real contributors to society while others are effectively parasites on the system. We know from history that labeling groups as lesser citizens can develop into policies that treat them as such. Where a country’s elite feels cheated and unhappy, the pressure will build to move to a system that better protects their interests.
Less Inequality Means Enduring Prosperity
Once we understand the causes of increasing frustration at both the top and bottom of the economic ladder, the deeply destabilizing political consequences of widening economic gaps become clearer. Where underlying inequality expands we can see the development of increasingly intense grievances at both ends of the spectrum: Those at the bottom feeling less and less competitive in important areas, while those at the top feel increasingly resentful about the proportion of tax coming from them and insist that those below start paying more. If the bidding-power gap grows wide enough it is possible to imagine the system crumbling through a combination of frustration, illiberal measures, populist demagoguery, repression, and stagnation — the sorts of cycles that Latin American countries, with the highest inequality levels in the world, go through regularly.
So what should policymakers do?
The good news is that the orthodox formula for economic success — smaller government, conservative budgeting, competitive markets, reduced regulation, flexible labor markets — remains intact. We simply need to correct the two erroneous assumptions identified above: Renounce the Pareto principle of zero-impairment, and end the assumption that an increased tax share demonstrates that people are worse off.
Repairing these two errors allows for a more sensible evaluation of policy that avoids the extremes of obsessing about inequality and believing that it can never be of legitimate interest. It remains a simple fact that governments will sometimes need to introduce policies that entail greater inequality. What’s most important is that prior to pronouncing policy proposals that widen inequality “efficient,” lawmakers and economists need to take into account the pros and cons of those proposals.
American policymakers might take note of the common-sense philosophy of former Australian prime minister John Howard. Howard was a great supporter of free enterprise, but he regularly noted the deep benefits of a lesser level of inequality in fostering enduring prosperity. “Our social cohesion . . . is arguably the crowning achievement of the Australian experience over the past century,” he once said in a major speech. “Yet this cohesion will be tested if wealth and opportunity can’t be fairly and broadly distributed across society as in the past.” With American politics fraying at the seams, it is not unreasonable to ask policymakers and economists to reexamine some of their foundational assumptions. It would be a shame, after all, to lose democracy for a couple of intellectual misconceptions.
— David Alexander is the federal managing director at Barton Deakin. He previously served as a senior adviser in the government of Australian prime minister John Howard.



ARTICLE
‘We are going to come first in all deals,” President Trump tweeted. The thing about deals — many deals, the right kind of deal — is that no one comes “first” or “second” or “third.” A deal works out for all.
There is some zero-sum in life. Of course. But there is also mutual benefit.
Years ago, someone gave me the “Thank you,” “Thank you” formulation. I don’t know who came up with this formulation. I don’t remember who introduced me to it! But I hope I will not forget it.
America is a “Thank you,” “Thank you” society. The double “thank you” is part of capitalism’s nature.
You hand over your money to the clerk. He says, “Thank you.” He hands you the purchase. You say, “Thank you.” Everybody’s happy.
This is relatively rare in human history, I understand. Much of human history has been: Someone’s gonna get screwed, regardless.
Trade deals ought to work out for everybody — ought to be in all parties’ interests. You don’t have to come “first.” You have to get something out of it. Not to be too kumbaya, but everybody is “first.”
Steve Mnuchin is working overtime as Treasury secretary, it seems to me. I’ll tell you what I mean. At a recent press conference, he said that the president would not release his tax returns. Then he said, “The president has released plenty of information and, I think, has given more financial disclosure than anybody else.”
Huh.
Before that, Mnuchin said of Trump, “He’s got perfect genes. He has incredible energy and he’s unbelievably healthy.”
Geez! I appreciate appreciation. And I know that Mnuchin is a master of the universe (to borrow Tom Wolfe’s phrase). But this approaches Dear Leader territory …
The other day, I was appreciating Wikipedia (for all my gripes with it). A guest on my Q&A podcast was Eric Monkman, one of the quizzing champions of the world (a star of the just-concluded season of University Challenge). He told me that, when people looked back on the early 21st century, they would see Wikipedia as one of its glories.
In Turkey, Erdogan has banned Wikipedia. Not for its inaccuracies, surely. For its accuracies.
That’s a dictatorial thing to do: ban Wikipedia.
On the campaign trail, Trump talked about seizing Iraq’s oil. He did it again, early in his presidency. The defense secretary, James Mattis, went to Iraq. He was asked about seizing that country’s oil. He said that we Americans “have generally paid for our gas and oil, and I’m sure that we will continue to do that.”
A little later, the president said that Germany owed us a lot of money: for NATO services rendered over the years. Mattis calmly explained to a Senate committee that this was not how NATO worked.
Huh. You can do that, if you’re a cabinet secretary? You can contradict the boss so baldly?
Just recently, President Trump said that South Korea would have to pay for THAAD, the missile-defense system we have just put in. Then H. R. McMaster, the national-security adviser, comes along and says, Nope.
I’m inclined to credit the president: for letting his men get away with this kind of thing. Or do they have a good cop–bad cop routine going?
This administration will make for fascinating studies in the future, I wager.
A note on Realpolitik and “idealism”: You can do business with China, because you have to. But you don’t have to heap praise on its No. 1 — the boss of the Communist party. You can do business with Egypt. But you don’t have to heap praise on its strongman. You can do business with the Philippines. But you don’t have to pretend that Duterte is anything but a murderous thug.
This ought to be elementary. And America ought to stand for something in the world.
In an interview, Trump put me in mind of Thomas L. Friedman. Show you what I mean. Here’s the president:
Friedman has the concept of “China for a day” — wishing America could be China for a day, ignoring democratic procedures, just rammin’ things home.
You remember that Trump criticized Boeing, as a company ripping off the government (and thus the taxpayer). Well, Boeing has published a full-page ad, praising Trump for his magnificent first 100 Days.
Okay. But is that sort of thing in a democracy kind of queasy-making?
Let me quote from a recent column of mine, please — a “California Journal”:
So, robots will pick fruit. Is this better than illegal aliens? Or other human beings? Economics, like life — I should say “like the rest of life” — can be messy.
You and I, being good right-wingers, can call Senator Schumer the “Head Clown.” Or the host of Meet the Press “Sleepy Eyes Todd.” Or the senior senator from Massachusetts “Pocahontas.” But should the president? Should the president engage in that kind of name-calling?
At an earlier time, I think, there would have been no argument about this among conservatives.
Shortly after he left office, the Gipper went to Japan to collect $2 million in speaking fees. Our media were aghast. Reagan was cashing in on the presidency! Brazenly!
I remember what PJB — Patrick J. Buchanan — said in his defense: “This is the Reagans’ retirement fund.”
I thought of this when reading about Barack Obama and his $400K for a speech. Is he cashing in on the presidency? Sure.
But doesn’t everyone cash in? Bear with me: Didn’t Elvis Presley cash in on his talent? His looks, his voice, his personality — all of it?
Apples and oranges! you may say. And I wouldn’t argue with you. But this is a big and complicated subject — people working their advantages.
In 2007, Syria was building a nuclear facility. They were doing it with the help of North Korea. Israel went in and destroyed it.
Will no one thank Israel? Yes — no one will thank Israel (’cept me). (And you, I bet.)
I very much appreciate the formulation of Tom Nichols, the conservative professor and writer (and historic Jeopardy! champion!): “Liberals have to stop overreacting to Trump. Conservatives have to stop underreacting to him.”
Reading an obit of Tom Fleming, a marathon runner, I thought of golfers. And singers. And others.
There are some golfers who love the senior tour, and play on it till their legs can support them no more. Arnold Palmer was one such. He had been one of the greatest golfers in the world. But he simply wanted to be out there, playing and playing till the last trump.
Jack Nicklaus was a little different. He played the senior tour for a bit — mainly to help that tour, I think. He won everything. And then, before he declined further, he quit.
I brought this up with Renée Fleming once. (She is a famous soprano.) There are golfers — pro golfers — who will only play for money. The idea of recreational golf, social golf, is distasteful to them. They are pros.
Does Renée sing, just for the hell of it? On her days off, does she flit about the house going “la la la”? No, no.
Back to Tom Fleming, the marathoner: When he couldn’t win anymore — when he couldn’t compete at the highest level — he quit. “He was intense,” said the great Bill Rodgers, Fleming’s fellow marathoner. “He couldn’t jog. He had to race.”
I understand (though don’t expect me to race — or jog).
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Ordinarily when war breaks out between the activist Left and the New York Times, the conservative impulse is not to delve too deeply into the substance of the dispute but rather to inquire about the availability of refreshments: When the Ayatollah and Saddam go to war, what is there to do but put one’s feet up and enjoy the carnage?
I invoke Islamism advisedly. After Bret Stephens, the Times’ new conservative op-ed columnist, made the mild-mannered and more or less inarguable point that there are details unsettled within the topic of climate change, his many ideological opponents reacted with a mindless fury characteristic of religious zealotry. Someone tweeted at Stephens that he should share the fate of Daniel Pearl, like Stephens a longtime Wall Street Journal writer, who was denounced for being Jewish and beheaded by men acting in Allah’s name. The web of ties between ordinary global-minded progressives and jihadists grows ever more dense: For both groups, American conservatives pose the principal threat to their goals.
Let’s give credit, though, to the Times’ op-ed editor James Bennet, both for hiring Stephens in the first place — the Times now boasts three right-of-center op-ed columnists, which is more than tokenism — and for standing by his new hire while abuse rained down and some progressives claimed to have canceled their subscriptions. Non-partisan institutions (are you listening, university presidents?) and even the Right should learn this lesson from Bennet’s bracing example: Ignore hecklers. They enjoy veto power only if a cowardly decision-maker grants them that power. After a few days, Stephens’s attackers will move on and find something else to be outraged about.
Stephens’s column arrives at a moment when, culturally speaking, the fulminating Left is feeling pretty upbeat. Its core stratagem of demanding that conservatives either shut up or be shut down is working frighteningly well. Universities from coast to coast are either allowing leftist groups to cancel conservative speech before it occurs or providing such weak and ambivalent protections for speakers that right-wing ideas are effectively squelched. Using Bill O’Reilly’s alleged sexual misconduct as a pretext, Media Matters managed to get him booted off the air. If Bill Clinton had a political talk show, I think we all know the answer to whether leftist pressure groups would publicly denounce any advertisers that sponsored it.
Stephens’s perfectly reasonable column amounted to friendly strategic advice for the climate alarmists: “Censoriously asserting one’s moral superiority and treating skeptics as imbeciles and deplorables wins few converts,” he noted, and he was immediately treated as a deplorable imbecile. Think Progress compared him to a Holocaust denier and a KKK official. Nate Silver, whose reputation for being a dispassionate data nerd increasingly seems endangered, denounced the column with a barnyard epithet and posted a tweet in which a Times billboard advertising “Truth” was (sarcastically) juxtaposed with a quotation of Stephens’s unassailable point that “claiming total certainty about the science traduces the spirit of science.” “Classic climate change denialism,” thundered Slate. “Climate denial wouldn’t get past my desk,” a New Yorker fact-checker tweeted, as if Stephens denied there is a climate. (Stephens also said human influence on global warming was “indisputable.”) The Guardian, as ever the most grievously wounded of them all, called Stephens a “hippie puncher.”
The near-lunatic disapproval of Stephens’s first Times column indicates more than just fierce disagreement with the tenor of his remarks, or surprise that an institution that barely bothers to disguise its political inclinations would allow someone like Stephens to make his case. The degree of shrieking, world-coming-to-an-end hysteria Stephens unleashed (from the moment he was hired, even before he had published a word with the Times, social-media users were trying to shame Bennet into reversing the decision) reveals a deep-seated worry within the Left. What if “Shut up” isn’t such a persuasive argument to everyone? If it doesn’t work on fellow liberals today, there is significant danger that it might not work, in future, on university presidents or Fox News Channel. If someone with as much clout as Bennet thinks conservative viewpoints are within “the bounds of reasonable discussion,” the idea could catch on. When two parties are welcome at the debate, winning becomes more challenging.
To the Left (as to the Islamists), there is little substantive difference between a moral failing and a simple difference of opinion on matters of regnant orthodoxy. Disgusting actions indicating gross moral turpitude on the part of a news anchor are indistinguishable from impure thoughts from a Pulitzer Prize–winning columnist. Liberals don’t see the distinction because they genuinely think holding conservative views makes you a bad person. They think Bennet has invited a blasphemer into their ranks.
As the media columnist Jack Shafer points out, progressives have a history of going berserk when the Times brings aboard a conservative. Longtime Timesman David Halberstam, apoplectic about the 1973 hiring of former Nixon speechwriter William Safire as a columnist, insisted that Safire’s arguments were out of bounds because he was “a paid manipulator . . . not a man of ideas or politics but rather a man of tricks.” The word “tricks” tells us much; for Halberstam, as with today’s liberals, conservative arguments are so self-evidently lacking in merit that some kind of dark magic must explain their persistence. In Bret Stephens they see a bogeyman. They can’t hear what he’s saying over the sound of their own shrieks.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.



ARTICLE
Atlanta — At the National Rifle Association’s annual meeting this Friday, one of the featured speakers was former White Sox first baseman Adam LaRoche, who famously quit professional baseball when his team wouldn’t let his son Drake join him in the team clubhouse before and after games. LaRoche talked about the importance of fatherhood, his joy in teaching his son hunting, and his work with charities fighting sex trafficking. His remarks concluded, Chris Cox, executive director of the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action, gave father and son gifts on behalf of the organization, a pair of Daniel Defense AR-15 rifles with suppressors.
Cox made a quick joke about how the gift of the gun to the younger LaRoche was just to annoy the media, and there was a knowing chuckle throughout the crowd.
In a post-Columbine world, quite a few Americans are unnerved by the sight of any gun, even unloaded, in the hands of anyone who doesn’t look like an adult. At the NRA convention’s massive floor show, it is not hard to find parents — usually dads — walking around with their kids and holding up and getting a feel for the various models. (The firing pins are removed from all firearms on display, and they cannot be fired.)
Guns cannot be purchased directly at the convention; browsers window-shop and, if they find one they like, apply later at a federally licensed gun dealership, where background checks are required. These licensed gun dealers cannot sell any firearm or ammunition to any customer the dealer “knows or has reasonable cause to believe is less than 18 years of age.”
Despite the lack of danger — the only way those guns could harm the child or anyone present is if they were dropped one on his toes — the image of a child with a gun hits a strong emotional chord in plenty of Americans. Numerous file photos of the convention from news agencies feature the perhaps unexpected image of a young child examining or holding up a firearm at the display of one among the multitude of gun manufacturers.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation offered a photo essay of the convention’s kids last year. Politico, MSNBC, and the Houston Chronicle all featured images of children holding guns — perfectly accurate photojournalism, but an image that no doubt was selected to stir a particular emotional response.
The New York Daily News featured a wide selection of these shots in 2013, denouncing the organization’s “Youth Day” as “sick” and quoting one activist: “They shouldn’t be teaching kids how to use guns. What happens when they get older? They might become like that Connecticut killer.” This position is as unreasonable as a nationwide ban on private gun ownership, with equally specious logic: Because of the actions of a particularly disturbed individual, no one should ever be taught how to use a gun.
Parents — usually fathers — have been hunting with their sons with firearms for about as long as there have been firearms. Most of America’s gun owners have the four universal rules of gun safety drilled into their head early on, and can recite them on demand:
Always treat all guns as if they are loaded.
Never point the gun at anything you are not willing to kill.
Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on target (and you are prepared to shoot).
Be sure of your target and what is beyond it or behind it.
If everyone in America followed these rules, we would never have an accidental shooting, ever.
The National Rifle Association doesn’t want young children handling guns, and so it runs the “Eddie Eagle GunSafe” program for schools, designed to teach kids four steps they should take if they find a gun: Stop, don’t touch, run away, and tell a grown-up. This is absolute common sense, and the sort of message that every kid in the country should hear. Nothing in the program encourages kids to want guns, purchase guns when they’re older, or shoot guns. The potential harm of a gun in the wrong hands — and unprepared hands are the wrong hands — is made clear.
Despite the utterly innocuous message, some voices on the left object to the Eddie Eagle program. In Jacksonville, a mother complained that she wanted to teach her children that “all guns are bad.” She complained that “they’ve just undone seven years of parenting in one hour.”
The same media voices who are relentlessly opposed to private gun ownership are largely unwilling to give the Eddie Eagle program any credit or praise, often hitting it with nonsensical criticisms. At the Huffington Post, Mike Weisser dismissed the program as a “cynical and craven marketing ploy.” (Marketing what?) The Brady Campaign contends that Eddie Eagle “normalizes the presence of guns in kids’ lives from a very early age.” (Isn’t telling the kids to run away from them and tell a grown-up the opposite of “normalizing” them?) Like everything else that doesn’t fit with the worldview of the studio audience of a New York City comedy show, Eddie Eagle has been mocked by Samantha Bee.
One objection is that the Eddie Eagle program is insufficient; gun-control advocates point to a 2004 study involving eleven children ages four to five that concluded that kids would recite the safety rules but then not use them in real-life situations (when the children didn’t know they were being monitored). But a 2007 study found that the program was effective “when paired with in-situ training [teaching the skill in the natural environment] for teaching firearm injury prevention skills to 8- and 9-year-old children.”
Gun-control advocates contend that the proper way to prevent accidental shootings is to pass new laws punishing gun owners if they don’t keep their guns in locked safes. That’s debatable; what’s never quite explained is why the Eddie Eagle program is bad, or something to be opposed in schools. Even the skeptical study of 2004 noted that the children all absorbed and recalled the safety rules.
It’s just an article of faith that any NRA program involving children must be some sort of subtle indoctrination or manipulation. Where’s the harm in having a giant anthropomorphic animal teaching kids to avoid touching guns and to report any abandoned firearm to the nearest responsible adult?
Everyone wants to see a world with no accidental shootings involving anyone, and particularly a world where no children are harmed by firearms. But America’s gun owners have an opposition that won’t cooperate, won’t give them the benefit of the doubt, accuses them of sinister motives, and that actually tries to block their efforts in this area.
When the opposing side finds a six-foot-tall eagle mascot a menace, every child attending a gun show a potential mass shooter, and every safety presentation a nefarious trick to undo years of parenting, it’s very hard to have a conversation, much less ever reach agreement.
READ MORE:Neil Gorsuch, Second Amendment Defender, is a Win For Gun RightsTrump’s NRA Speech: “You Came Through for Me, I’ll Come Through for You”Gun Control Leftists Overreact on Background Check Laws
— Jim Geraghty is the senior political correspondent for National Review.



ARTICLE
The United States and Russia — and before it, the Soviet Union — have been in a nuclear standoff since 1949. This 68-year-old standoff has been very tense at times, such as during the Cuban missile crisis of 1962. At other times it’s been defined by cooperation, like when Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev signed the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty into effect in 1988. Today, however, that standoff is about to enter a new, far more dangerous phase.
American high schoolers still often hear the phrase “mutually assured destruction” in their lessons on the Cold War. Mutually assured destruction — or MAD, as it’s commonly known — is when each side in a nuclear standoff knows that the other could destroy it if things went wrong. This “balance of terror” forms the basis of nuclear deterrence. Each side is incentivized to avoid pushing the other too far, since doing so could lead to war. And if they do go to war — even a small war — the possibility that it could escalate to a nuclear war is too great to risk.
The world has changed a great deal in the almost 70 years since 1949, and today it is changing far more rapidly and in more ways than in decades past. This is especially true when it comes to military technology. Nuclear deterrence depends on each side’s ability to persuade the other that it will always be able to strike back. That is, even if the United States launched its missiles first, Russia would still be able to retaliate with enough force to obliterate the United States — or vice versa. But a series of new military technologies are about to enter the field. And when they arrive, they may pose a serious threat to U.S. and Russian secure second-strike capabilities. This could mean the end of MAD.
Cyberspace is always in the news these days — and for good reason. The cyber domain is being contested by militaries all over the world. This could pose a serious threat to the U.S. nuclear arsenal. U.S. officials fear that malicious code could delay the launch of U.S. nuclear missiles just long enough to allow a country like Russia — or maybe China in the future — to wipe them out.
But cyberspace is not the only place where MAD may be under threat. Americans have long looked to outer space as an area for exploration. Today, however, outer space is becoming a new battlefield. The United States especially relies on satellites to conduct military operations around the world. As a result, competitors are looking for ways to disable or destroy U.S. satellites in order to defeat the U.S. military asymmetrically. The problem is that outer space is home to U.S. early-warning and nuclear command-and-control satellites. These systems are extremely vulnerable — and they’re essential parts of the U.S. nuclear arsenal. Without them, the United States would be unable to quickly launch nuclear retaliation in the face of a Russian first strike. This could undermine the U.S. second-strike capability.
Other technologies also pose new threats to MAD. Militaries around the world are investing in new directed-energy — or laser — weapons and electromagnetic railguns. If these systems mature, they could be used to shoot large numbers of nuclear missiles out of the sky. States are also investing in hypersonic missiles that can fly faster than Mach 6. If these missiles are ever produced in large enough quantities, they might allow states to destroy one another’s nuclear arsenals before the victim has a chance to respond. And then there are robots. Advanced nations like the United States, Russia, and China are working quickly to harness automation for military purposes. Automation could allow states to target one another’s nuclear arsenals in entirely new ways. For instance, states might eventually be able to use large swarms of robotic submarines to find and destroy enemy nuclear submarines.
If MAD fails — or if states think it could fail — it would dramatically raise the risk of nuclear war. If Russia, for instance, thinks the United States is about to acquire the ability to neutralize its nuclear deterrent, then it has every incentive to take drastic action to preempt that outcome. That could mean using nuclear weapons early on in a conflict to try to frighten the United States into backing down. This may all sound theoretical. But it is not. Mounting evidence shows that this is precisely what many Russian strategists — and possibly Chinese ones — are calling for today.
Nuclear weapons themselves are not necessarily the problem. The states that control them are. And if those states are frightened enough, then they are liable to take very dangerous risks — risks that could trigger nuclear war. The assured ability of nuclear-armed states to retaliate and thereby deter enemy aggression in the first place has long kept those fears in check. But 1949 is long past. To avoid nuclear war today will require new ways of thinking about nuclear deterrence and, above all, preserving MAD.
— Alexander Velez-Green (@Alex_agvg) is a research associate with the defense strategies and assessments program at the Center for a New American Security. He is the author of CNAS’s recent report The Unsettling View from Moscow: Russia’s Strategic Debate on a Doctrine of Pre-emption.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
This weekend, I became one alumnus among thousands of University of Michigan alumni heading out into the world to begin discharging my duties as a citizen: voting, paying taxes, and engaging my co-citizens in the public square. Some have argued that a sizeable number of my fellow graduates will not be able to make it in the real world. Because they have been conditioned to have an “expectation of confirmation” of their ideas, the thinking goes, these “snowflakes” will “melt” upon contact with different opinions. While that is a striking (and horrifying) thing to contemplate, I think we ought to take a step back and try to understand the campus mindset more thoroughly, because if we don’t, we’ll be subject to increasingly extreme displays of illiberalism and anti-intellectualism that will inevitably trickle out of universities and infect the wider society — to our collective detriment.
The first thing to know is that the picture that is painted in the media of campuses as incubators and hotbeds of far-left radicalism is, too often, accurate — and depressing. What’s more, too many of the most politically active liberal students understand neither free speech nor one of its prime functions: to discover what’s true. And why would they? After all, free speech and truth itself are nothing more than oppressive, white-supremacist social constructs! Nearly every liberal college student with whom I have spoken in-person or engaged online believes that the First Amendment proscribes so-called hate speech, by which they seem to mean nothing more than speech that expresses ideas with which they disagree or that offend them. And when they find out that the First Amendment does not actually achieve this, to them, desirable end, they bristle: Well, it should!
“That’s offensive!” is a common retort among my peers, and it shows how far standards of discourse have plummeted. The numbers bear this out. But while clustering, the political polarization of academia and society more generally, and the rise of social media bear their share of the blame, they are not by themselves sufficient explanations for what is happening on our elite campuses. Why are students behaving in ever more fascistic ways?
There are two primary reasons. First, students themselves don’t believe that it is at all unrealistic to expect that their professors peddle progressive ideas about any and all subjects, because their politics are increasingly indistinguishable from a sort of new-age religion. Second, they operate under a concept of “freedom” that is illiberal but nonetheless highly consistent with their basic moral and intellectual intuitions, backgrounds, and formations.
John McWhorter, an associate professor of English and comparative literature at Columbia University, in his “Antiracism, Our Flawed New Religion,” at the Daily Beast, likens our society’s now-commonplace stigmatization of racism to a religion. Essentially, McWhorter argues that, for the political Left, questions and challenges to progressive orthodoxy vis-à-vis race are a priori inappropriate and thus “a symptom of, yes, racism’s persistence.” Increasingly, too, sexual orientation, gender, and various other social identities have been folded into the religion of Antiracism, which is, as a result, morphing into the broader religion of what I’ll call “Antibigotry,” where “bigotry” is defined exclusively and unilaterally by the Left’s tripartite secular clerisy: legacy media, academia, and Hollywood.
Consequently, discussions about certain controversial issues are often fraught with tension and wholly unproductive. Take, for example, affirmative action. Philosophically, there are good arguments for and against the practice. Practically speaking, though, there seems to be strong evidence that the policy harms minorities and spawns unnecessary problems. And constitutionally speaking, it seems quite plausible that an original understanding of the 14th Amendment — very much in the “mainstream” of judicial practice, contra the rantings of Senator Schumer and co. — would hold that the Constitution abhors distinctions based solely on race.
Despite this powerful case to be made against affirmative action, the response by many of my peers is often simply to assert that to oppose the practice is itself racist, no matter the seeming reasonableness of the person who does so. This is because, for many of those who support affirmative action, there simply is no reasonable case against it. Anyone who dares to argue otherwise or even just fails to express unbridled enthusiasm for the practice reveals his own damnable unbelief, and opens himself up for ritual purging.
How did we get to this point?
McWhorter once again offers insight. In his “When Slogans Replace Arguments,” at the Chronicle of Higher Education, he maintains that student protesters — those whom the right-wing commentariat often labels “whiners” — operate with the tacit assumption that the racism that they are battling is “something as unequivocally, conclusively intolerable as genocide, slavery, or the withdrawal of women’s suffrage” when, in reality, “their demands [e.g., speaking out against ‘microaggressions’] address problems more specific than ‘racism,’ ones that are very much up for intelligent, civil debate.” These students fervently believe that they are the front-line troops of an infallible moral vanguard, locked in an epic struggle for the very soul of their generation — and of their nation, rotten to the core though they often maintain it to be. Unsurprisingly, then, speech that “offends” them, or ideas that call into question their own conception of the world, are more truly seen as existential threats to the all-consuming struggle for “social justice” — not to mention harbingers of the resurgence of the frightening, oppressive, “cisnormative,” “heteropatriarchal,” white-supremacist, highly defective moral order of yesteryear.
What I call “true racism,” the sort rampant during Jim Crow, obviously just is wrong. But left-wing students are not now dealing with such a phenomenon; they are instead faced with “racism-lite,” or the existence of persons whose only sin is to offer robust arguments that contradict the sacrosanct dogmas of Antibigotry. Given their moral, intellectual, and social journeys, then, it is not quite so shocking that they understand themselves to have entirely legitimate grievances and are accordingly motivated to act in extreme ways against what they see as the specter of normalized bigotry’s reasserting itself.
Many left-wing students are also utterly incapable of fathoming that their political opponents disagree with them in good faith. Emmett Rensin’s Vox essay “The Smug Style of American Liberalism” is instructive here because of what it doesn’t say. Rensin notes what numerous others have noted previously: Progressives do not believe that they have an ideology. Rather, they believe that their policy prescriptions and even value judgments are “fact-based” and reflect only their commitment to dispassionate pragmatism — that they are advocating for any given political program exclusively because it is just “what works.” This is laughable on its face, and yet all-too-many progressives continue to believe it. Why?
Because, per Rensin, American liberalism — progressivism — is shot through with a nasty smugness, a “way of conducting politics” that is “predicated on the belief that American life is not divided by moral difference or policy divergence . . . but by the failure of half the country to know what’s good for them.” It is this smugness that turns off so many of the Americans who he believes should be progressivism’s natural constituents:
Rensin’s point is that the “hicks” out there are just grossly out of step with the modern world, that the only way they can possibly disagree with progressivism’s tenets is if they are morons. That they oppose the cultural Marxism of gender deconstructionists or demands for so-called reproductive justice (read: an unlimited right to abortion), that their gut reaction is to shudder at mass, illegal immigration or recoil at the Left’s flagrant, frequent, and often fanatical rhetoric and displays of anti-Americanism is simply proof positive that they have been duped, hoodwinked, or otherwise allowed themselves to be misled by right-wing charlatans. They are, in other words, dreadfully mired in their wrong-thinking ways, all the while committing myriad thought crimes.
Rensin doesn’t go far enough, however. Believing that one’s ideological opponents are merely dumb is one thing, sure. But if that truly is the case, how can the crazed manner in which students behave be conceptualized and justified when they insist, as they did at UC Berkeley after Milo Yiannopoulos was prevented from speaking there in early February, that physical violence is an appropriate response to mere words? It is clear that something else is afoot. Progressives on campus tacitly subscribe to the notion of the existence of a Kantian “higher self” when dealing with speech. Thus they see it as their (sacred) duty to “educate” the unwashed masses on the arcane and ultimately risible particularities of how one is to properly comport oneself in polite society. (Asking another student, “Where are you from?” — a completely reasonable question under normal circumstances — is a “microaggression” at the University of Minnesota and far too many other universities.)
In this way, paradoxically, speech is supposedly freer than when the First Amendment is fully intact. Indeed, the First Amendment as written actually hinders speech, for it does nothing to assist people on the journey to becoming their “higher selves,” the selves who would never think to question the self-evidently bogus shibboleths of progressivism. When speech that offends is suppressed and its proponents are driven out of polite society, those who have been historically oppressed are more able to speak their minds. Thus, we are all freer when true free speech is curtailed.
These positions, commonly held by my peers and many others, are profoundly wrongheaded. But it is not because students are “snowflakes” and have pie-in-the-sky illusions about what to expect from college that they shout down or assault speakers. It is because they have been bombarded by messages from an overwhelmingly progressive media (“The Megaphone”) and raised on a steady diet of Antibigotry scripture that they have come to believe that arguments against certain policies that just so happen to implicate people’s identities — their race, sexual orientation, gender, etc. — are fueled by nothing more than a barely (if at all) veiled hatred of the members of those groups.
No wonder these students are so livid. After all, roughly half the populace (the conservative, “traditional,” Republican half) shamelessly flouts one of the crystal-clear moral imperatives of our age: that to be free, decent, and fully human means collectively agreeing to give no quarter to ideas which may offend anyone, anywhere, at any time.
— Deion Kathawa is an alumnus of the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor with degrees in both philosophy and political science, the former editor in chief of the Michigan Review, and a contributor to American Greatness.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Let us begin by playing “argument from authority,” conservative style. The anti-nationalist conservatives contributing to the patriotism–nationalism debate in National Review have cited William F. Buckley as having said something to the effect that “I’m as patriotic as anyone from sea to shining sea, but there’s not a molecule of nationalism in me.” This is a paraphrase. We don’t know his exact words, we don’t know the context, and, therefore, we don’t really know what he meant.
Now, let us go back several decades and examine the exact words and relevant context of several other prominent American conservatives who did not draw a sharp distinction between patriotism and nationalism. Then we will compare their arguments with the recent National Review essays by the proponents of an “enlightened nationalism,” Rich Lowry, Ramesh Ponnuru, and John O’Sullivan, and find them complementary, but with different emphases. Finally, I will argue the patriotism and nationalism are, for good or ill, inseparable.
Frank Meyer, whose name was on the masthead of the first issue of National Review, is famous as a libertarian-leaning thinker who developed the conservative synthesis of “fusionism,” uniting traditionalists and classical liberals. Meyer posited that an emphasis on both individual freedom and an organic moral order were philosophically and politically consistent. He wrote that this “fusionism” could (and should) form the core of conservative theory and practice. Significantly, Frank Meyer, in his article “The Booby-Trap of Internationalism” (1954), noted several times that it was regrettable that the term “nationalist,” along with “patriot,” had for many “become terms of reproach.”
Decades later and far across the conservative political spectrum from the libertarian Meyer, two of the major godfathers of neo-conservatism, Irving Kristol and Norman Podhoretz, explicitly embraced the term “nationalism” as a positive good. In the introduction to his book Reflections of a Neoconservative (1983), Kristol declared, “Neoconservatism is not merely patriotic — that goes without saying — but also nationalist. Patriotism springs from love of the nation’s past; nationalism arises out of hope for the nation’s future, distinctive greatness. Nationalism in our time is probably the most powerful of political emotions.” A decade later, in another book on neoconservatism, Kristol (as cited by Lowry and Ponnuru in their recent essay “For Love of Coutnry”) wrote, “The three pillars of modern conservatism are religion, nationalism, and economic growth.”
Writing in Commentary a few weeks before the inauguration of Ronald Reagan in January 1981, editor Norman Podhoretz heralded a “new nationalist spirit” that had been building in America during the final Carter years. It ultimately led to Reagan’s victory. Podhoretz opined, “We know from the survey data that the political mood had been shifting for some years in a consistent direction away from the self-doubts and self-hatreds . . . of the immediate post-Vietnam period and toward what some of us have called a new nationalism.”
Assessing Reagan’s presidency two and a half years later (July 1983), Podhoretz trumpeted a “new consensus” against totalitarian Communism. This slowly building consensus made Reagan’s election possible. “We can,” Podhoretz notes, “point to a palpable intensification of nationalist sentiment in the country beginning with the surprising outburst of patriotism that accompanied the bicentennial celebrations of 1976 and culminating in the pro-American demonstrations provoked by the humiliating seizure of the hostages in Iran three years later.” Notice how Podhoretz seamlessly blends patriotism and nationalism in both his overarching rhetoric (nationalist sentiment with an outburst of patriotism) and in substantive examples (bicentennial pride followed by righteous anger at the Iranian mullahs).
The context of the Kristol-Podhoretz embrace of nationalism was the emergence of a “new majority” who were upset with American weakness during the last years of the Carter administration. In short, Americans were getting tired of losing. As Podhoretz explained on January 1, 1981, “the 1980 election signified the emergence of a ‘new majority’ that had coalesced around Reagan’s promise to work toward the restoration of American power.” In 1983 Kristol wrote: “The election of 1980, for the first time, provided signs that a new Republican party might be emerging. Reagan was anything but a typical Republican candidate, and never earned the favor of the Republican establishment. . . . He came ‘out of the West,’ riding a horse, not a golf cart, speaking in the kind of nationalist-populist tonalities not heard since Teddy Roosevelt, appealing to large sections of the working class.”
Rich Lowry and Ramesh Ponnuru argue that “nationalist sentiments are natural and can’t be beaten out of people if you try” and that it “would be a strange . . . conservatism that lacked any foundation in them.” In 2000, Norman Podhoretz declared that both patriotism (which he defines as “love of” one’s country) and nationalism (which he defines as “pride in” one’s country) is a “common feeling among peoples everywhere,” and so “celebrating or condemning patriotism, and even nationalism, is rather like praising or deploring human nature itself.”
Most of the participants in NR’s patriotism-nationalism debate have acknowledged the significance of both the ideological and the cultural foundations of the American regime. On the creed-culture nexus, Charles Kesler has astutely observed that the American creed, although the “keystone of American national identity, . . . requires a culture to sustain it.” Put otherwise, patriotic ideals require nationalist sentiments.
In a follow-up essay, Ponnuru argues that the anti-nationalist stance of “patriotism good, nationalism bad,” in which positive ideals (patriotism) are pitted against various forms of (mostly ethnic) nationalism, “allows no room for a love of country that is based on both a nation’s ideals and its culture.” Further, it disparages any political program that emphasizes national sovereignty (over, for example, globalism) and national cohesion (over, for example, identity politics).
In contradistinction to anti-nationalism, John O’Sullivan and I have argued that American democratic nationalism can be seen “as the glue that binds economic, social, and other conservatives together, just as in the old days anti-Communism provided such as bond.” We agree with Israeli philosopher Yoram Hazony, who declared that “conservatives have been nationalists since the days Disraeli wrote novels.”
What about Mussolini, Putin, and Erdogan? What about politicians and theorists who exalt their country by denigrating foreigners, and what about those who glory in aggression and war? Well, we have perfectly good words for these nasty impulses, chauvinism for the former and jingoism for the latter. Let’s use these more-precise terms rather than, painting with a broad brush, simply calling what one does not like “nationalism.”
What about Adolf Hitler? John Lukacs noted that Hitler wrote in Mein Kampf that he was a “nationalist not a patriot.” In truth, Hitler was neither a nationalist nor a patriot. In the final days of the Third Reich, he told a horrified Albert Speer, his closest confidant at the end, that the German people had proven unworthy and deserved to perish:
Hardly the words of a nationalist (who would have spoken of national renewal and revenge). Yoram Hazony argues that Hitler was a racialist-imperialist rather than a nationalist, because he privileged an Aryan racial empire over the German nation.
During the Cold War, conservative intellectuals, including Straussians and the brilliant Jesuit priest John Courtney Murray, advanced the concept of America as a “proposition nation” that was in conflict with a rival ideological nation, the Soviet Union. This conception of American identity based primarily on shared ideas took hold on the right. However, the translation of creedal doctrine from professors to politicians was often clumsily done and opened the door to utopian interpretations. Thus we have Paul Ryan, while arguing for “comprehensive immigration reform,” declaring: “America is more than just a country. It’s more than Chicago, or Wisconsin. It’s more than our borders. America is an idea. It’s a very precious idea.”
While conservatives embraced the “nation based on ideas” paradigm, the progressives who control America’s universities and schools happily “appropriated” the concept (they never liked all that flag-waving stuff anyway) and filled in the educational content. First, the progressives noted that American “ideals,” like the nation itself, were constantly ”evolving.” Lawrence Levine in The Opening of the American Mind declared that America is “continually in process of happening”; it is a “dynamic becoming.” Michael Walzer wrote that “America is still a radically unfinished society.”
Second, the progressives redefined these ideals as utopian aspirations for leftist social justice to substitute more “advanced” viewpoints for outmoded 18th-century concepts and, in the case of the legal status of marriage, even the thinking of the first-term Obama administration. The Straussians emphasized the ideals of the Declaration, the Constitution, and the Federalist Papers. In contrast, Todd Gitlin declared that, while America is the fulfillment of the Enlightenment, “the point is not to celebrate some accomplished Enlightenment,” with its “Declaration of Independence” and “its Federalist Papers and Constitutional debates,” but to see the American project “as an aspiration, an invitation, a commitment to a process that seriously aims to bring about understandings that do not yet exist.” Whereas John Courtney Murray in We Hold These Truths declared that the “first truth” of the “American Proposition” is that we are a “nation under God,” the progressive thinker Richard Rorty called on Americans to embrace the utopian dreams of Walt Whitman and John Dewey. Whitman and Dewey “wanted that utopian America to replace God as the unconditional object of desire,” Rorty told us. “They wanted the struggle for social justice to be the county’s animating principle.” During his two terms in office, Barack Obama skillfully modulated and popularized the core progressive narrative of American history as the unfolding of a left-oriented social justice.
Conservatives made a strategic mistake overemphasizing abstract ideological reasoning while downplaying the concrete cultural and emotional aspect of patriotism. James Madison himself in Federalist No. 49 warned us that even the most “rational” regime is better off with the “prejudices of the community on its side.” (“Prejudices” in the 18th-century understanding did not have the negative connotation that it does today and was closer to the concept of “sentiments.”)
If patriotism is defined only as the fulfillment of “shared” American ideals (even as the nation becomes more polarized), then it will be neutered and devoid of any emotional attachment to national symbols and national stories. I mean symbols and stories such as Washington crossing the Delaware; the building of the transcontinental railroad; the pioneers on the frontier; the entrepreneurs who created the greatest economy the world has ever known; Gettysburg; the moral force of the civil-rights movement; and the Marines raising the flag on Iwo Jima. If this comes to pass, if patriotism is completely divorced from nationalism, then patriotism itself will be hollowed out, an empty shell.
This is the inevitable result of the “patriotism good, nationalism bad” argument. Anti-nationalism leads to anti-patriotism except for the most cold, abstract variety of what remains of “patriotism,” which itself easily becomes a form of utopianism with a progressive bent. And this trajectory, from a historically concrete patriotism and nationalism to a “patriotism” consisting primarily of “striving to fulfill our ideals” of a utopian progressivism, is already happening in our universities and schools. At the end of the day, to paraphrase Ben Franklin, patriotism and nationalism will either hang together, or they will hang separately, both diluted and diminished.
— John Fonte is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute and the author of Sovereignty or Submission, the winner of the Intercollegiate Studies Institute’s 2012 book award.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The National Union of Students warned audience members at its conference that they must not clap or cheer during speeches because clapping and cheering make deaf people feel excluded.
According to an article in The Telegraph, attendees at last week’s conference were warned that clapping and cheering could have a “serious impact” on deaf participants, and they were instructed to use “jazz hands” to show their support instead.
“No whooping, it does have a serious impact on some delegates’ ability to access [the] conference,” Estelle Hart, an NUS elections-committee member and chairwoman of a Thursday session, told students.
According to The Telegraph, Hart had to remind people not to “whoop” at least one other time during the conference, and NUS Vice President for Welfare Shelly Asquith had to bring it up as well, claiming that the group has had “a number of requests that people stop whooping.” In fact, the whooping issue apparently became so serious that the Durham University student union used time at the conference to propose a motion that called for “reduced cheering or unnecessary loud noises on the conference floor, including whooping and clapping,” at all future NUS events on the grounds that “access needs of disabled students are disregarded/overlooked in terms of conference member behavior and NUS structures” and that this can be a threat to their “safety and wellbeing.” The motion added that there would be “consequences for those who ignore this requirement.”
Although the demonization of whooping and cheering is new for NUS, the demonization of clapping is not. As The Telegraph notes, attendees at a 2015 conference were instructed to use jazz hands instead of claps to show support on the grounds that clapping could “trigger anxiety.”
You know what triggers my anxiety? Having to read garbage like this. I mean, seriously. The NUS is the largest student union in Britain, and when they all get together for a conference, this is what they choose to talk about? All of the potential pitfalls of clapping?
Why don’t they focus on some of the more important issues? You know, like the potential pitfalls of jazz hands. After all, if clapping excludes deaf people, wouldn’t jazz hands exclude blind people? Terribly insensitive. The NUS really shouldn’t rest until people completely stop showing any visual or audible signs of approval whatsoever. Until people just sit still and silently at all times for fear of upsetting someone. Yes, that’s the world we should all want to live in. It doesn’t sound like a creepy, totalitarian Twilight Zone — no, not at all.
This story was previously covered in an article on Heat Street.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online. 
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There is a reality-television program called American Pickers, and what happens on it is this: A junkman drives around in a van and offers to buy other people’s junk, sometimes haggling over the price. The supporting characters are assistant junkmen and sundry onlookers. It is as though someone decided to remake Sanford and Son without actors, Redd Foxx’s humor, or a plot.
(Or that nifty theme music.)
Its popularity is as inexplicable as it is undeniable.
Because nothing actually happens on American Pickers, the show relies on the illusion of action, which is created through camerawork and editing. Junkman offers $x for a quantity of junk; Junk-Haver produces a look of concentration. The camera cuts quickly back and forth among the faces of Junkman, Deputy Junkman, Assistant Deputy Junkman, Junk-Haver, and Sundry Junk-Having Onlookers. And then there is a commercial for erection pills.
The application to the first 100 days of the Trump administration is of course obvious.
President Donald J. Trump is a creature of reality television. He may not be very good at running hotels or casinos, but he is a gifted performer, a master of creating the illusion of action. As he marks his first 100 days in office (one day of a Trump presidency would have been incredible enough), what has President Trump actually done?
There is the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. For that, the church bells should be rung. The Gorsuch confirmation represents a genuine and genuinely important political victory. That victory belongs to Mitch McConnell, the wily Republican leader in the Senate who understood that Barack Obama was an even lamer duck than he seemed and took the opportunity to hand an abusive and overreaching administration a political defeat of a kind never before dealt to an American president. Well done, Senator McConnell. And well done, whoever had the job of explaining to Donald Trump what a Gorsuch is and keeping the president’s batty sister off the nation’s highest court.
What else you got?
Trump made a “solemn vow” that on his first day in office, he would label China a currency manipulator and slap sanctions on Beijing. A few weeks later, he reversed course, because — we have the president’s own word on this — somebody explained the issue to him. Solemn vows are not Donald Trump’s thing.
Trump repeatedly promised that the woefully misnamed Affordable Care Act would be repealed, and that this would be among his first actions in office. A few weeks later, he reversed course, because  — we have the president’s own word on this — somebody explained the issue to him. “Nobody knew health care could be so complicated!” he said. As with many things Trump says, that is not quite true. It is not the case that nobody knew health care is complicated. Pretty much everybody who has given two seconds’ thought to the issue, read a copy of the Wall Street Journal (Hello, Mrs. Clinton!), or stood within 25 feet of Avik Roy knows that health care is complicated. Pretty much everybody but the reality-television host who was duly elected president of these United States knew that.
President Trump is not a details guy.
There was going to be a wall paid for by Mexico. What there will be is some additional border fencing that Trump promises “eventually, at a later date, in some way” will be paid for by Mexico. We do not have the president’s word on this, but it seems likely that somebody explained that issue to him, too, things like how rivers work and what private property is, not to mention the niggling fact that most illegals do not enter the United States by wading across the Rio Grande or enter illegally at all.
Trump’s promised schedule was always absurd. And presidential candidates often make absurd promises about their first 100 days, forgetting about such minor details as Congress and the Constitution and democracy and all that. But Trump was, he assured us, a different kind of politician, a builder and a doer, a winner, a hard-charging negotiator. Which is to say, he convinced the electorate that he was in reality the character he plays on television. Many of his talk-radio and cable-news partisans are still trying to convince us that is the case, but it is not entirely clear that these reality-show performers are able to tell the difference between the political theater and the theater, between action and acting.
Instead of hard choices and committed action, what Trump has produced is a flurry of shallow gestures that create the illusion that he is doing something meaningful. But those executive orders range from the shoddy and unusable to the symbolic. He produced a “Buy American” executive order without quite seeming to understand that the Buy American Act already is law and has been since the administration of Herbert Hoover. Trump’s “Buy American” guidance is essentially a memo to federal agency heads asking them to think really hard about it before issuing one of the Buy American Act waivers that they routinely hand down in order to get around the fact that the Buy American Act rules are deeply stupid and entirely unpractical. He met with some business leaders and announced that he had saved jobs by preventing a great deal of outsourcing that never was actually scheduled to happen. He made a lot of noise about saving the coal industry without taking into account that what is killing it is the natural-gas industry.
He installed a bunch of amateurs in the White House, including family members, none of whom has any particular experience or talent related to the portfolios given them. He abominated Goldman Sachs and then hired half of its old-timers league.
He has produced a vague and half-baked tax plan that many of his fellow Republicans have said they cannot support. He can’t hire people or figure out what he thinks about China, Syria, or the Russians whose shenanigans are plaguing some of the associates he would dearly like to forget. He threatened to pull out of NAFTA, which he does not have the legal power to do on his own, and then announced that he’d be renegotiating the trade accord without ever having said which of its provisions he objects to — or, indeed, ever publicly describing any of its provisions or the trade rules that it created.
Trump’s first 100 days are a bust. For the next 100, Republicans should try something else: Having Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell send him useful and responsible pieces of legislation to sign. These need not be dramatic and far-reaching: In fact, it would be better if they were not. Send him a bill reforming corporate taxes instead of a tax-reform omnibus. Create stronger federal penalties for employing illegal immigrants and see to it that federal law-enforcement agencies get serious about enforcing them. Figure out what you think about health care, if you can. Republicans will get reform the same way Johnny Cash got his Cadillac: one piece at a time.
Conservatives had better start facing the fact that the president is a man overmatched by his job. All of President Trump’s reality-television posturing, all of his hooting and hollering and fussing and foolishness and tweeting and preening is sound and fury signifying squat. The Trump administration is a show about nothing.
— Kevin Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On the matter of the 2016 election, why is there an investigation into Russian meddling but no investigation of Justice Department meddling? The latter effort was more extensive. And it sure looks like it would be a lot easier to prove.
This week, courtesy of Judicial Watch, we learned that the Obama Justice Department and the FBI did, in fact, use the grand jury in the Clinton e-mails probe. Or, to be more accurate, they fleetingly used grand-jury subpoenas, which were issued to BlackBerry service providers at the tail end of the investigation — a futile attempt to recover e-mails sent to and from then–Secretary of State Hillary Clinton right before she transitioned from BlackBerry to her homebrew server.
That’s a story unto itself, which we’ll get to in due course.
The news of grand-jury involvement contradicts prior reporting, at least at first blush. As we shall see, to say a grand jury was “involved” does not mean there was a real grand-jury investigation. It does, however, reinforce what we have said all along: The main subjects of the investigation could easily have been compelled to provide evidence and testimony — which is what investigators do when they are trying to make a case rather than not make a case. There was no valid reason for prosecutors to treat criminal suspects to an immunity spree. They could, for example, have served grand-jury subpoenas on Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, demanding that they surrender the private computers they used to review Clinton’s e-mails, including classified e-mails it was unlawful to transfer to such non-secure computers. The Justice Department did not have to make promises not to use the evidence against the suspects in exchange for getting the evidence.
Mrs. Clinton’s friends at the Justice Department chose not to subpoena Mrs. Clinton’s friends from the State Department and the campaign. The decision not to employ regular criminal procedures — i.e., the decision not to treat the case like other criminal cases — was quite deliberate.
No need to ‘convene’ a grand jury
When it comes to the grand-jury aspect of this affair, confusion has been caused by the inside-baseball manner in which legal beagles discuss it. I try to avoid that sort of thing, since the point is to clarify things for the non-lawyer. I must confess error, though, in at least once using the shorthand expression “convene a grand jury.”
This unfortunate phrase has been used repeatedly, including in hearings on Capitol Hill. It conveys the misimpression that some formal step had to be taken in order to summon a grand jury so that criminal charges could be considered against Clinton & Co. In actuality, busy federal districts always have grand juries convened because no case may be indicted without their approval. Some grand juries sit just about every work day for a month, handling run-of-the-mill cases. Others meet only occasionally over an extended time (several months, often more than a year) to gather and consider evidence in long-term investigations. Thus, there is no need to “convene” a new grand jury for a particular investigation; a grand jury is always there, at the ready.
So how does evidence get presented to the grand jury?
A prosecutor issues a subpoena, which a federal agent (e.g., from the FBI) then serves on the witness, directing the witness to produce physical evidence for the grand jury (the subpoena duces tecum) and/or to testify before the grand jury on a given date (the subpoena ad testificandum). In the old days, prosecutors kept a stack of subpoena forms in or near their desks and hand-wrote or typed them up as needed. Nowadays, it’s a fill-in-the-blanks computer form.
For present purposes, the salient point is that prosecutors are not required to meet with a grand jury, or ask its permission, before issuing subpoenas. And when a subpoena calls for the production of physical evidence, the witness is usually instructed to turn the item over to the FBI (or other investigative agency); there is usually no need to show up at the courthouse and hand the item to the grand jurors. Nevertheless, because the subpoena’s power to compel comes from the grand jury, it is expected that the prosecutor will eventually present the resulting evidence to the grand jury, and report to the grand jury regarding subpoenas issued on its authority.
Thus, there was no need to convene a grand jury in order to use a grand jury’s evidence-collection powers. Again, the Justice Department and the FBI could have issued and served subpoenas on Mrs. Clinton and her accomplices at any time. To refrain from doing so was a conscious choice.
So why avoid the grand jury?
The answer can be gleaned from a mammoth New York Times report on the Clinton e-mails probe, published last week. There is much more to this report than we will get to today. For now, suffice it to say that the Obama Justice Department, taking its cues from the Clinton campaign, tried to mislead the public into believing Mrs. Clinton was not the subject of a criminal investigation. The issuance of subpoenas would have put the lie to that diversion.
Don’t call it an ‘investigation’
In July of 2015, after being notified by the inspector general for U.S. intelligence agencies (the “intel IG”) that classified information had been transmitted and stored on Clinton’s private server, the FBI quickly realized that crimes may have been committed. As routinely happens in that situation, the Bureau opened a criminal investigation (which, for reasons not apparent, it code-named “Midyear”).
Initially, the Justice Department publicly confirmed that a criminal referral had been received from the intel IG. But Justice abruptly reversed itself. According to the new party line, what was received was “not a criminal referral,” but instead “a referral related to the potential compromise of classified information” — almost making it sound as if Clinton were a victim rather than the perp.
Of course, the compromise of classified information is a crime, which was why the intel IG made a criminal referral to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (which investigates crimes). That is why the FBI consequently opened a criminal investigation.
Yet, Mrs. Clinton was publicly claiming that the probe was “not a criminal investigation,” but rather “a security review.” This was a lie, but it was studiously adopted by the Obama Justice Department, then led by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who just happened to have been launched into national prominence in the 1990s when President Bill Clinton appointed her U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York — and who was plainly hoping to keep her job in a Hillary Clinton administration. Consequently, Lynch and other top Justice Department officials instructed FBI director James Comey to avoid referring to the probe as an “investigation.” In upcoming congressional testimony, he was to call it a “matter.” Amused, one official even teased the director: “I guess you’re the Federal Bureau of Matters now.”
Hilarious, right?
Well, here’s a teeny problem. In a criminal case, investigators invariably have to resort to grand-jury subpoenas in order to collect evidence. When the recipient reads such a subpoena, he or she learns that the grand jury is conducting a criminal investigation into a potential violation of law. Typically, the subpoena even cites the penal statute of the main offense being probed. The point is to put the recipient on notice regarding what information may be relevant, and to alert the recipient to any potential criminal exposure that might call for asserting the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.
Grand-jury investigations are supposed to be secret, but once subpoenas start flying, the nature of the investigation inevitably becomes public. The subjects of the Clinton investigation were operatives of the Clinton presidential campaign, which was desperate to obscure the fact that its candidate was under a criminal investigation. What better way to do this than for the subjects to offer to cooperate voluntarily — without need of subpoenas. And how very accommodating of the Justice Department to play ball . . . and to have those immunity grants ready just in case any of the “cooperators” possessed incriminating evidence!
The Petraeus hurdle
So why did the Justice Department issue subpoenas at all?
This is a convoluted part of the story, stemming from the Justice Department’s effective rewriting of the applicable statute to avoid charging Clinton. As the Times tells it, the Justice Department and the FBI knew that to charge Clinton with a crime, it would not be enough to prove she had been “sloppy or careless”; instead, “they needed evidence showing that she knowingly received classified information or set up her server for that purpose.”
As I have contended before, this claim is specious on multiple levels. Subsection (f) of the pertinent statute (the Espionage Act, codified at Section 793 of Title 18, U.S. Code) makes it a felony to mishandle classified information “through gross negligence” – i.e., proving Clinton was sloppy or careless (or “extremely careless,” to use Comey’s own description) could have been sufficient. But beyond that, Clinton willfully set up a private network for the systematic handling of her State Department–related communications, in violation of federal record-keeping requirements of which she was well aware, and under circumstances in which she (a former senator who served for years on the intelligence committee) was a sophisticated longtime consumer of classified information. She was keenly aware that her responsibilities as secretary of state would heavily involve classified information — whether it was “marked” classified or “born classified” because of the subject matter.
It is irrelevant whether Clinton’s purpose was to transmit or store classified information on the private, non-secure server; prosecutors are not required to prove motive. The question is whether she knew classified information would end up on the server, and her set-up made that inevitable.
That is, Clinton could have been prosecuted either for willfully mishandling classified information or for doing so through gross negligence.
The applicable statute elucidates those inconvenient facts, so what a surprise that there was no place for it in the Times’s 8,000-word report. (Maybe if it were a Russian statute?) In lieu of the law, we are treated to another story. Investigators were guided not by the statute but by the precedent allegedly set by the prosecution of David Petraeus for mishandling classified information.
We are to believe there was much stronger evidence of knowledge and intent in Petraeus’s offense; yet, over Comey’s objection, Petraeus was permitted to plead guilty to a misdemeanor. Therefore, the story goes, Clinton could not be charged absent Petraeus-grade proof. This line of reasoning is fatuous — and it’s another instance of the Justice Department adopting Clinton campaign cant. Petreaus shared his classified diaries with a single person, a paramour who actually had a security clearance (albeit not one high enough to view what she was shown). Clinton’s offense was more extensive in duration and seriousness.
Assuming the accuracy of the Times’s account, Comey is quite right that Petraeus should have been indicted on much more serious charges (as I have contended). But the Justice Department’s dereliction in Petraeus’s case was hardly a justification for giving Clinton a pass on a more egregious offense that, unlike Petraeus’s, (a) almost certainly caused the compromise of government secrets to foreign intelligence services and (b) resulted in the destruction of tens of thousands of government records — a separate felony. Clinton’s misconduct should have been prosecuted under the governing law, not excused based on the sweetheart plea deal Petraeus got.
All that said, we’re told the FBI thought it might be able to get over the purported Petraeus hurdle if it could find e-mails to and from Clinton’s old BlackBerry. Because she was using this device right before she switched to the homebrew server, the theory was that those lost e-mails might contain some smoking-gun declaration of her criminal intent in setting up the server system. It’s as if, in a drug case, it’s not enough for agents to have the bag of heroin they found in the suspected trafficker’s house; to prove intent, you apparently also need an e-mail in which the trafficker says, “Gee, I hope there’s enough heroin in that bag I was planning to sell.”
Subpoenas for the BlackBerry service providers
In any event, there was a problem. Unlike the vast majority of information relevant to the investigation, including physical and documentary evidence, any records pertinent to the BlackBerry Clinton had been using back in 2009 were not apt to be in the possession of Clinton insiders. If they still existed at all, the records would have to be pried from the service providers — Cingular Wireless and AT&T Wireless.
In contrast to Clinton aides, telecommunications companies require a subpoena before they cooperate with law enforcement. Many of their customers are concerned about privacy and bristle at any indication that companies are sharing information with the government. Therefore, the companies need to be able to say they disclose records only when compelled by law. If the FBI wanted the BlackBerry records, subpoenas would be necessary.
The FBI did want the records. In connection with a lawsuit Judicial Watch has brought against the State Department, FBI special agent E. W. Priestap, who supervised the Clinton e-mails investigation, submitted an affidavit that states in passing, “The FBI also obtained Grand Jury subpoenas related to the Blackberry e-mail accounts.” It is the only allusion to a grand jury. According to Priestap, the subpoenas yielded “no responsive materials, as the requested data was outside the retention time utilized by [the service] providers.” This was to be expected: The FBI’s investigation did not commence until six years after Secretary Clinton stopped using the BlackBerry in mid-March 2009.
The affidavit does not indicate when the subpoena was issued. I suspect it was early in the investigation, presumably shortly after the FBI learned of the BlackBerry’s existence. It is possible, though, that the effort was not made until the investigation was reopened, two weeks before the 2016 election. That’s when a renewed and frantic effort was made to run down the BlackBerry e-mails after some of them were stumbled upon in a separate investigation of disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner, who turned out to have shared a computer with his wife — Clinton’s close confidante, Huma Abedin. In any event, just as the subpoenas produced no evidence, the review of e-mails from the Weiner/Abedin device is said to have turned up nothing new regarding Clinton’s allegedly inscrutable state of mind.
I believe the Obama Justice Department had no intention of indicting Clinton; it wanted to help the presidential campaign by orchestrating her “exoneration” only after a thorough FBI probe. Having labored to conceal the fact that Clinton was under criminal investigation, Justice cannot have been happy about having to issue grand-jury subpoenas confirming it. But they knew three things: (a) it would have been indefensible for the FBI not to at least try to get the records; (b) there would only need to be a few subpoenas (maybe just a couple); and (c) the recipients would be telecommunications service providers, which are routinely directed to provide assistance in sensitive and even classified investigations, and which have a very strong record of not leaking. There was no real danger that the subpoenas issued would enhance the public understanding that Clinton was being investigated in connection with serious crimes.
Two final things to consider.
First, the fact that grand-jury subpoenas were issued does not necessarily mean the grand jury was actually used. Did the Justice Department ever summon witnesses to testify about the Clinton criminal investigation before the grand jury? Did the Justice Department even alert a grand jury that it had subpoenaed records on the grand jury’s authority? I’m betting there was no real presentation to the grand jury; only grudging use of grand-jury process when there was no alternative and no chance Clinton would be damaged by news coverage about it.
Second, consider what else was going on. At the very same time it was bending over backwards not to make a case on Hillary Clinton, the Justice Department was pushing very aggressively — on much thinner evidence — to try to prove that the presidential campaign of Donald Trump was in cahoots with the Putin regime. For Clinton, the Obama Justice Department ran away from the grand jury, notwithstanding that its use in investigations of obvious crimes is standard. For Trump, the Obama Justice Department ran to the FISA court, notwithstanding that its use in an investigation of the opposing political party’s presidential candidate, based on sketchy information, is extraordinary.
Russia’s apparent preference for one presidential candidate over the other is routinely described as a sinister scheme to “interfere with the election.” Fair enough. But how shall we describe the Department of Justice’s patent preference for one presidential candidate over the other?
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Let’s reverse angle. The president’s first 100 days in office have been analyzed, dissected, evaluated. Not much left to say about them. What about the opposition? What do the Democrats have to show for these first months of the Trump era?
Little. Trump’s defeats have not come at the Democrats’ hands. Those setbacks have been self-inflicted (over-the-top tweets, hastily written policies, few sub-cabinet nominations) or have come from the judiciary (the travel ban, the sanctuary cities order) or from Republican infighting (health care). Deregulation, Keystone pipeline, immigration enforcement — Democrats have been powerless to stop them.
Chuck Schumer slow-walked Trump’s nominations as best he could. In fact his obstruction was unprecedented. But the cabinet is filling up, the national security team in place. On the Supreme Court, Schumer miscalculated royally. He forced an end to the filibuster for judicial appointments, yet lost anyway. If another appointment opens this summer, and the Republicans hold together, the Democrats will have zero ability to prevent the Court from moving right. No matter what he says in public, Schumer can’t possibly think that a success.
The prevalent anti-Trump sentiment obscures the party’s institutional degradation. Democratic voters despise the president — he enjoys the approval of barely more than 10 percent of them — and this anger and vitriol manifests itself in our media and culture. So Rachel Maddow and Stephen Colbert enjoy a ratings boom, the women’s march attracts a massive crowd, the New York Times sells more subscriptions, and Bill Nye leads a rainy-day “march for science.” The desire to ostentatiously “resist” Trump leads to better-than-expected results for Democratic candidates in congressional special elections. But the candidates don’t win — or at least they haven’t yet.
Democrats feel betrayed. The Electoral College betrayed them by making Trump president. Hillary Clinton betrayed them by running an uninspiring campaign. James Comey betrayed them by reopening the investigation into Clinton’s server 11 days before the election. Facebook betrayed them by circulating fake news. This sense of resentment isn’t so different than the sort Democrats attribute to Trump supporters: irritation at a loss of status, vexation at changed circumstances. The despondence of a liberal is alleviated when he sees throngs of protesters, hears Samantha Bee, scrolls through Louise Mensch’s tweets.
Makes him feel better. But his party is in tatters, reduced to 16 governors, 30 state legislative chambers, a historically low number of state legislative seats, 193 members of the House, 46 senators. The Democrats are leaderless, rudderless, held together only by opposition to Trump. The most popular figure on the left refuses to call himself a Democrat while sitting alongside the newly elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. That chairman, dirty-talking Tom Perez, represents a professional, technocratic class that supports Wall Street and globalization as long as there is room for multiculturalism and social liberalism. That is a different strategy from both the 50-state approach of Howard Dean, Rahm Emanuel, and Schumer that brought Democrats control of Congress in 2006, and the anti-Wall Street, protectionist, single-payer Left of Bernie Sanders. Perez fights with Bernie Sanders and Nancy Pelosi over whether there is room for pro-lifers in the party — Perez thinks not. Pelosi enjoys the distinction of being an American political figure less popular than Donald Trump.
What is the Democratic agenda? What does the party have to offer besides disunity, obstruction, incoherence, obsession, and obliviousness? They haven’t rallied behind a plan to fix Obamacare or an alternative to the president’s tax proposal. They seem dead set against enforcement of immigration laws, they seem opposed to any restrictions on abortion, they seem as eager as ever to regulate firearms and carbon dioxide. It’s hard to detect a consensus beyond that. Banks, trade, health care, taxes, free speech, foreign intervention — these issues are undecided, up for grabs.
For eight years President Obama supplied the Democratic message, provided the Democrats answers to public questions. Now Obama himself is under fire for agreeing to deliver a $400,000 speech to Cantor Fitzgerald. He is already a figure of the past: His hair gray, his legacy under siege, his time spent lounging on Richard Branson’s yacht or listening desultorily to Chicago undergrads. The energy is with Bernie, with the identity-politics movements, with the paramilitary “antifa” bands, and each one of these overlapping sects are outside the party establishment Obama represents.
That establishment is just as befuddled as its Republican counterpart at the current political scene. “I don’t know what’s happening in the country,” Hillary Clinton is said to have told a friend at some point during the recent campaign. This apprehension of distance between herself and the everyday lives of her co-nationals is one of the most perceptive observations Clinton has ever made. Her problem was she never figured out the answer, never came to realize that the various guesses she and Obama and other professional Democrats have wagered about “what’s happening in the country” — racism, sexism, nativism, gerrymandering, Citizens United, Fox News Channel and talk radio, Russia — are insufficient. What the Democratic party has yet to understand is that its social and cultural agenda is irrelevant or inimical to the material and spiritual well being of their former constituents. And until the Democrats recognize this fact, their next 100 days will be no better than their first.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece is reprinted with permission from Acculturated.
The posters were wittier and there were fewer pink hats, but last weekend’s March for Science was no less about partisan grandstanding and name calling than any other political rally. The message this time? We are pro-science and anyone who disagrees with us is anti-science. As if there are people out there burning copies of Scientific American and picketing the beaker factory. Down with the theory of relativity!
Marchers allege “an alarming trend toward discrediting scientific consensus and restricting scientific discovery.” They are fighting for “science that upholds the common good and for political leaders and policy makers to enact evidence based policies in the public interest.” For all its lofty rhetorical appeal, however, the argument suffers from glaring flaws in logic.
The Marcher for Science conflates scientific findings with public-policy choices. Science informs but does not dictate public policy. To paraphrase philosopher David Hume, what is does not determine what ought to be.
A few examples: Scientific research shows that the death penalty has a deterrent effect on criminal behavior. This finding, however, cannot speak to the complex moral and legal arguments over capital punishment.
Scientific research shows that vaccines safely prevent the spread of viruses. This fact informs but does not spell out vaccination requirements for public schools. Should there be health or religious exemptions? Science cannot weigh issues of common good and individual freedom. That’s for the public and its elected leaders to debate.
Scientific research shows children raised in families with a biological mother and father fare better on health and education outcomes than those raised in other family arrangements. Should the government subsidize marriage programs? Should it discourage adoption by individuals or gay couples? Should government do nothing and let community and faith-based organizations support marriage health? Science cannot answer these questions. Support for or opposition to these policies does not make one pro- or anti-science.
Scientific research shows that a new plant, animal, or human life begins when gametes meet and the new life begins to grow. Science, however, cannot determine whether the government should protect the lives of any human, plant, or animal. That is a matter of public policy. Scientific consensus does not equal public-policy consensus.
Science cannot “uphold the common good.” It is morally neutral — or at least it should be. The same scientific process that produced the polio vaccine, CRISPR gene editing, and dwarf wheat produced Zyklon B, the atom bomb, and methamphetamine. Similarly, “evidence based policies in the public interest” are not for scientists to decide but for political leaders, think tanks, commentators, and the people themselves to determine based on scientific findings, budget constraints, economic impacts, ethical considerations, constitutionality, and other costs and benefits.
Because the earth has warmed 1.3 degrees Fahrenheit over the past century and carbon emissions have contributed to that warming does not automatically justify wind subsidies or participation in the Paris Agreement. Advocates of these policy prescriptions must persuade the public that they are needed and are preferable to other choices. Wrapping their policy preferences in the righteous quest to vindicate science from the ignorant masses isn’t going to do it. Scientific research shows that calling people stupid makes them less — not more — receptive to persuasion.
—Krista Kafer writes for Acculturated, where this piece originally appeared. It is reprinted with permission.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
This is what happens at a Billy Joel concert at Madison Square Garden: Thousands of gyrating white people from the suburbs have a wonderful time, and one or two frowning music critics (also white, also probably from the suburbs) grind their teeth, roll their eyes, and fill their notebooks with disdain.
There isn’t a lot to argue about when it comes to music: Either you like it or you don’t. Try as you may, you probably won’t be able to change someone’s mind about whether he likes a song. Frustrated music writers tend instead to take lazy swings at other listeners, and Billy Joel’s fans are a big, soft, Dockers-wearing target. A recent, tiresome example of writing about music by way of mocking a musician’s fans — ad hominem at one remove — popped up in The Atlantic, where writer Adam Chandler spends a couple of thousand words being baffled about why Billy Joel continues to sell out MSG many times a year despite not having released a new album since 1993. The answer seems obvious enough: Joel is immensely popular, with 33 hits to his credit, and is known to put on a raucous, fan-friendly spectacle.
At MSG during a show, Chandler sniffs at how Joel’s fans are a 19,000-strong “racially homogenous” [sic] cohort who “all dance, terribly and euphorically, to ‘Uptown Girl.’” Chandler takes note of a mom who “tries to cajole her reluctant young son to twist with her to ‘Only the Good Die Young.’” Nearby “three 20-somethings on a ladies’ night out shoot a Boomerang of themselves swaying to ‘Scenes from an Italian Restaurant’” and “a sexagenarian in business attire uses a lull . . . to crush some work emails on his BlackBerry Priv.”
It’s a restatement of Homer Simpson’s take on white people after watching a hack nightclub-comedy routine: “It’s true, it’s true! We’re so lame.”
I’ve been to Billy Joel concerts from Shea Stadium to Frankfurt, and I can confirm that pretty much all of his ticket-buying fans are white. But so what? So are Bruce Springsteen’s. So are Bob Dylan’s. For that matter, there were more black people on the stage than in the audience when I saw Hamilton. For white culture writers, resorting to racial bean-counting is a doubly lazy gesture: It is the most minimally demanding way to showcase superior social enlightenment (Hey, I’m not like these other white people, I like having people of color to provide my personal backdrop), and the allegedly regrettable nature of white-people preferences is the laziest possible, Comedy Cavern shorthand for “uncool.”
Music writers, like high-school girls, are especially obsessed with whether they are perceived as members of the cool clique or not, and alignment with the tastes of ordinary Americans could cause revocation of one’s cool card. Chandler’s clique is pop-music critics: They don’t like Joel, have even “steadily dismissed [his work] as middlebrow and ersatz-pastiche,” and he thinks their opinion ought to dampen Joel’s ticket sales. As though pop-music critics have any impact whatsoever. (Quick, name three of them you never miss.) The pop-music-criticism industry is about as vital to American culture as phrenology.
Billy Joel is the sixth-best-selling musician of all time, according to the Record Industry Association of America, behind only the Beatles, Garth Brooks, Elvis Presley, Led Zeppelin, and the Eagles. Brooks and Joel are the only acts on that list who are alive and intact, so you would be unsurprised to learn that demand for tickets to their shows would be enormous. Moreover, that Joel hasn’t released an album since 1993 makes his concerts more, not less, attractive: Fans know they won’t be made to suffer through untested and inferior material simply because it’s new. The steep decline in recorded-music sales means better concerts in general: Both Springsteen and U2 are now organizing their concerts around beloved older material instead of pushing new discs that aren’t going to sell anyway.
Chandler posits that the Garden shows are popular in substantial part because the concert venue is located atop Penn Station, which serves the Long Island and New Jersey suburbs where all those lame white people live. This is a bit silly; MSG may be accessible to Hackensack (on a good day, anyway), but it’s even more accessible to Brooklyn. Any cool, young urban artist performing there has a huge potential fan base nearby. None can match Joel’s reach, though.
Perhaps more than any other art form, music pulls us back to our youth — whatever music you loved when you were 17, you tend to love forever. Yet as you notice who else likes that music, or doesn’t, you may find yourself dismissing this or that old CD as a “guilty pleasure” — the curious term for which we reach when we like something but fear others might disagree or even disapprove. It’s sad, really, to feel the urge to run your pleasures through someone else’s disapproval matrix, to lack the courage of your own taste. Billy Joel fans know the way to approach music is the way they — we — greet the guitar lick that opens “Big Shot” or the chorus of “Pressure” — with heedless abandon. If it sounds great to you, it is great.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Capital vs. countryside — that’s the new political divide, visible in multiple surprise election results over the past eleven months. It cuts across old partisan lines and replaces traditional divisions — labor vs. management, north vs. south, Catholic vs. Protestant — among voters.
This was apparent last June in Britain’s referendum on whether to leave the European Union. London voted 60 percent to remain, while the rest of England, whether Labour or Conservative, voted 57 percent to leave. It was plain in Colombia’s October referendum on a peace settlement with the FARC guerrillas. Bogotá voted 56 percent “sí,” the heartland cordillera provinces 58 percent “no.”
In both countries, the ethnic and geographic fringe — Scotland and Northern Ireland, the Caribbean provinces — voted with the capital. But in each case, the historic heartland, with the majority of voters, produced a surprise defeat for the capital establishment.
It was a similar story here in November. Coastal America — the Northeast minus Pennsylvania, the Pacific states minus Alaska — favored Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump by a 58–35 percent margin. But the geographic heartland, casting 69 percent of the nation’s votes, favored Trump by a 51–43 percent margin.
The contrast is even starker if you separate out the establishment metro areas — New York, Washington, Los Angeles, San Francisco — that produce most Democratic big-dollar funding. They voted 65–29 percent for Clinton; the rest of the country they feel entitled to rule voted 49–45 percent for Trump.
And on April 23, France voted in a presidential race that scrambled the usual party divisions. Marine Le Pen, shunned by the Paris establishment as a neo-fascist, finished fourth, with 11 percent of the vote, in metro Paris and third, with 15 percent, in 13 other prosperous cities. But she ran first in la France profonde, with 24 percent. She’ll almost certainly lose the May 7 runoff, but she has already topped her National Front’s previous high of 17 percent.
Is there any precedent for this? The Economist’s Bagehot columnist, Adrian Wooldridge, spots one in the 17th century. He quotes historian Hugh Trevor-Roper’s description of the “general crisis” of 1620–60 — a “revolt of the provinces not only against the growing, parasitic Stuart Court, but also against the growing ‘dropsical’ City of London; against the centralised Church . . . and against the expensive monopoly of higher education by the two great universities.”
The capital vs. the countryside, in other words, much like today. The countryside party, Trevor-Roper writes, vied to “pare down the parasitic fringe” of central government and sought to “protect industry,” “rationalize finance,” and “reduce the hatcheries which turned out the superfluous bureaucrats.”
Similar impulses are apparent in Britain, France, and America today. In different ways, Brexit, Le Pen, and Trump seek to counter the university-trained bureaucratic, financial, and cultural elites in London, Paris, and NY/DC/LA/SF. They resent over-large and under-competent bureaucracies and public-employee unions, the paymasters of the Labour and Democratic parties. With blunt, often ill-advised rhetoric, they challenge the pieties of the universities as 17th-century countryside parliamentarians challenged the established church and universities.
Consider the debate over what has become, for many, the religion of global warming. Those with doubts that predicted harm will occur are labeled “deniers,” heretics who must be punished. The science is settled, the elites insist. That’s exactly what the church told Galileo.
Or consider the “speech codes” promulgated by most colleges and universities. We see violent disruption of speakers on campus go unpunished, excused, and even praised. We see the New York Times publish an article by a New York University dean arguing for restricting free speech.
We see the deadweight cost of public-employee-union pensions and un-policed murders destroying one of the great creations of civilization, Chicago. No wonder the countryside resists; this is how these arrogant bullies govern the precincts of society they control.
In this struggle, the capital has certain advantages — huge super-majorities in its strongholds, inhabited largely by elites and ethnic, racial, and religious minorities. It monopolizes most established media. Its claims that opponents are bigots are taken as gospel.
The countryside has serious grievances and majority numbers but doesn’t always find steady leadership. Le Pen’s insalubrious pedigree suggests she’ll lose May 7, though Theresa May’s icy steeliness has British Conservatives headed to a landslide win June 8. Donald Trump instinctively (calculatedly?) reckoned that the countryside was the key to victory; now he has to deliver. The battles of capital vs. countryside will go on.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Judging a four-year presidency at the 100-day mark is akin to watching a baseball game and declaring the home team a success or failure at the bottom of the first inning. But, if America must be governed by absurdist metrics, why not this one?
The first 100 days of the Trump Era recall that old Western: The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly.
President Donald J. Trump’s biggest accomplishment: He has stopped and reversed Obama’s eight-year slouch toward socialism.
“Imagine the economic devastation we’d be talking about today if Hillary Clinton had been elected: higher taxes, more job-crushing government regulations, an expansion of government-run health care, and massive government overreach into the private sector,” said Club for Growth president David McIntosh. “In less than 100 days, President Trump and his administration have not only prevented that nightmare, but they have halted the economic destruction caused by eight years of Obama-administration policies, and have restored consumer and business confidence with strong and effective pro-growth policies.”
Trump has secured a slew of achievements, of which conservatives merely have fantasized — sometimes for decades:
The Keystone Pipeline is alive.
The War on Coal is dead.
Trump has signed eleven Congressional Review Act bills to vacate much of Obama’s late-term regulatory spree.
Trump ordered that the imposition of any new regulation requires that two old ones be dropped headfirst into the Potomac.
Because of the withdrawal of Obama’s welcome mat, illegal-alien infiltration of the southern frontier dropped 64 percent in March, compared with a year earlier.
As an alternative to the VA health system, veterans will enjoy extended access to private-sector medicine.
States now are free from Obama’s rule that forced them to send federal Title X family-planning funds to Planned Parenthood and other clinics that perform abortions.
The proposed 2018 budgets for the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities: $0.00.
A review of Obama’s massive federal land grab under the Antiquities Act may open some acreage to uses other than stasis.
Reconsideration of Obama’s calamitous $993 billion Clean Power Plan may prompt its revocation.
Trump’s just-unveiled tax-reform proposal promises 15 percent tax rates for corporations and small businesses, a doubling of the standard deduction, death for the Death Tax and the Alternative Minimum Tax, and many more gorgeous things.
Trump’s pro-growth breezes have dispersed Obama’s anti-business fogbank and lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average 5.8 percent since January 20. This has boosted the value of individual portfolios and union pension funds.
The Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch, 49, will place Trump’s constitutionalist fingerprints on American jurisprudence for perhaps a quarter century or more. “Trump can count every 5–4 decision over the next three decades that goes conservatives’ way as one of his ‘First 100 Days’ accomplishments,” observed Washington Post columnist Marc Thiessen. “No other modern president can claim to have had that kind of lasting impact in so short a time.”
Trump has appointed first-rate conservative leaders to top posts, including:
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos
United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley
Budget director Mick Mulvaney
Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price, M.D.
EPA chief Scott Pruitt
Overseas, President Trump has reestablished American power and prestige. Fifty-nine incoming U.S. cruise missiles clarified that for Syria, and the Mother of All Bombs beautifully delivered that message to 94 highly mortal ISIS terrorists in Afghanistan. Trump successfully has hosted foreign leaders from Canada, Egypt, Great Britain, Israel, and other nations. Visiting NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg endorsed Trump’s call for other nations to pay their fair share for the Atlantic alliance’s collective defense. Trump recruited Chinese general secretary Xi Jinping to yank North Korea’s leash.
That’s good.
Less encouraging, of course, was the high-speed derailment of the Obamacare Repeal Express. House speaker Paul Ryan’s insistence on crafting a bill to please the Senate parliamentarian, rather than congressional Republicans, was the biggest loose spike in this mess. While Trump conferred with multiple GOP factions and improved Ryan’s insipid bill, the president’s sudden abandonment of negotiations and his demand for a snap vote on March 24 helped this train jump the tracks.
Fortunately, a compromise between House members Mark Meadows (R., N.C.) of the conservative Freedom Caucus and Tom MacArthur (R., N.J.) of the moderate Tuesday Group suggests that Republicans have repaired this wreck and will get repeal and replacement back on the rails before long.
Trump’s initial 90-day limit on immigrants from terror-torn nations immediately slammed into a wall. It should have been better crafted, coordinated, and communicated. A second so-called travel ban followed these steps and addressed the objections of several federal judges who blocked the first measure. But a fresh set of judges swiftly sandbagged the new-and-improved order. Liberal jurists seem determined to resist Trump, even when his verbatim statutory authority under the federal McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 is beyond dispute.
A new set of tariffs on Canadian wood signals Trump’s unfortunate taste for using sticks in foreign trade, rather than carrots. A better approach would be to persuade Canada and other countries to stop subsidizing exports and open their markets, in exchange for America doing the same thing. If there is any tariff, it should be at a simple, low, flat 5 percent on all imports from all countries, in exchange for zero or far fewer trade subsidies, favors, and other preferences
Trump’s political appointments are moving slowly, in part because he reportedly wants to deprive some federal agencies of leaders, so they harmlessly spin their wheels while awaiting instructions. On too many confirmations, however, the Senate’s sense of urgency suggests turtles on Ambien. Several appointees have withdrawn their names after suffocating beneath piles of financial-disclosure forms and other paperwork required to enter many government positions, often for less money than they now earn in the private sector.
As the Washington Examiner’s Tim Carney explained this week, a dearth of Trump appointees at the Justice Department has allowed Democratic holdovers to continue Obama’s war on the Little Sisters of the Poor, an order of unpaid nuns who reject Obama’s demand that their health coverage include birth control.
That’s bad.
If only President Trump’s opponents fought him in court. Instead, Democrats and the Left refuse to compromise with him. They want him impeached, incarcerated, or entombed. And they scream this from the TV studios to the streets, seemingly nonstop.
Yes, Republicans opposed much of what Obama did, although GOP congressional leaders largely triggered Trumpism by handing Obama budget deals and debt hikes virtually on demand, to the frustration of rank-and-file Republicans. Frustrated, they turned to Trump for help.
Regardless, the GOP never boycotted an opponent’s inauguration. And yet 67 House Democrats refused to attend Trump’s swearing-in. Senate Democrats even boycotted confirmation hearings for some of Trump’s cabinet appointees.
Rather than offer their own ideas as alternatives to Trump, their entire platform is “Hell No!” — and lately in far dirtier words than that.
Instead of presenting their own agenda, the Left marches more often than soldiers in basic training. They have staged a March for Women, a Day without Women, a march for Trump’s tax returns, and a recent March for Science. The Left should march less and think more.
The Left’s inability to think may be fueled by their boundless hatred for the Right. So-called comedian Samantha Bee claimed on her TV show that young men with buzz cuts at the Conservative Political Action Conference wore “Nazi hair.” This included a young, male Democrat whose hair was short owing to his stage-four brain cancer.
The Left’s Trump Derangement Syndrome has devolved into Wednesday’s mob invasion of the Heritage Foundation’s headquarters, violent protests against conservative speakers on “open-minded, tolerant” college campuses, shattered windows, arson, and physical assaults on Trump supporters. Citizens wearing “Make America Great Again” hats have been punched in the face. Black Trump haters in Chicago pummeled a white Trump voter at an intersection and then stole his car. A group of black teenagers tortured a mentally handicapped white man, shoved his head in the toilet, and (recalling the Wild West) partially scalped him while yelling “F*** Donald Trump!” They broadcast this entire atrocity live on Facebook.
Worst of all is the assassination chic that has gripped Trumpophobes who openly entertain the idea of murdering the president of the United States. Madonna told the January 21 Women’s March, “I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.” In a recent video, Rapper Snoop Dogg shoots a handgun at the head of a clown who is made up to resemble Trump. A flag pops out of the firearm and reads: “BANG.” Another thug named Big Sean raps about killing Trump with an ice pick.
“After Trump was elected, I spent days just weeping,” Thomas Chung told KTUU-TV. So, the University of Alaska Anchorage art professor produced a painting that his college displayed in an on-campus exhibit. It features Captain America star Chris Evans, standing nude, as a young Hillary Clinton clutches his lower legs. A nearby buffalo, branded with the words “Make America White Again,” lies dead. And in Evans’s hand, he triumphantly holds the decapitated head of President Donald J. Trump.
That’s ugly.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This article originally appeared as the cover story of the November 11, 1996, issue of National Review magazine.
The year’s most wooed voter waited outside the Louisville Slugger Museum on a chilly Kentucky evening three weeks before the election. In front of this monument to baseball, she sported a blue sweatshirt that declared incongruously “Soccer Mom For Clinton.” Still, her patience and clothing investment paid off A delighted Bill Clinton greeted her with his biggest grin of the day as he worked the crowd following his speech.
Clinton supporters with that kind of dedication were thin on the ground. The President with a need to be loved was encountering crowds that mainly wanted to see a celebrity. On his 17–hour campaign trip to Tennessee, Ohio, and Kentucky — to woo, respectively, partisan Democrats, blue-collar workers, and moderate suburbanites (especially those elusive Soccer Moms) — most voters were friendly enough. But they had apparently turned out for the meetings without any particular enthusiasm for Mr. Clinton’s politics, or indeed any politics. How they went home is quite another matter — and an alarming one for the GOP.
The press was, well, too inert to really notice. On the media plane accompanying Air Force One, White House press secretary Mike McCurry cheerfully complained that he was unable “to raise a pulse” from the seventy or so regular passengers. “They just don’t think it’s a race,” he explained, checking to make sure my heart wasn’t pounding under the illusion that a real political fight might be under way. The seasoned Clinton-watchers balanced their checkbooks and talked baseball between stops.
Was there, indeed, a presidential race to be interested in? This campaign swing yielded little evidence of one. No local GOP forces bothered to show the flag — an onlooker at the Knoxville airport whose cap was emblazoned “Busch” came near to expressing the only Republican sentiment of the long day. And though Clinton-Gore lawn signs were scattered along the motorcade route, not a single bumper sticker was evident for either ticket. Spirited opposition erupted only once, when people lining the sidewalk in Dayton booed the buses marked “Media” — clearly a bipartisan sentiment.
Joe Lockhart, the campaign’s press secretary, explained to the few reporters willing to listen that the day’s trip was devoted to shoring up the President’s lead. And Clinton is clearly energized by the crowds he wades into — shaking hands, hugging the people closest to him. When it comes to speaking, he calibrates his message to his audience, barely glancing at notes during lengthy, detailed speeches. Judged technically, it is the performance of a professional politician at the top of his form. But does it “connect” with his audiences?
At the first stop, in Knoxville, a friendly audience of partisan Democrats waited more than two hours to hear Al Gore and Bill Clinton. The candidates were there ostensibly to announce an initiative to hook up ever) classroom in the country to the Internet (not to mention a $100-million subsidy to Silicon Valley) — what Lockhart calls the “wonk stuff.” A large banner on the stage proclaimed: “Building America’s Bridge to the Twenty-First Century.” Gore, oddly the more animated of the two, raised his arms and waved to the crowd in his awkward schoolboy way, while Clinton merely delivered a small, curt salute.
It was Gore’s job that day to slam the Luddites in the Republican Party (a bold tactic from a foe of the internal-combustion engine). He duly warned against a “digital divide” between the haves and the have-nots if every classroom in the country is not on the Internet. He prophesied that nearby Oak Ridge Laboratory would be closed by the Democrats’ congressional “opponents” who had attempted to cut the science and technology budget by a third. And he reminded the audience that he first started talking about the Information Superhighway twenty years ago. (It seems longer.) In those days he had “dreamed” of a girl in Carthage, Tennessee, who could plug into the Library of Congress from her home. (Poor Tipper — married to the only man for whom a girl is merely a peripheral to a computer.)
Clinton wisely stuck to computer software, but he communicated real enthusiasm for the wonders of technology. “There is more computer power in a Ford Taurus you drive to the supermarket,” he declared, “than there was in Apollo 11 when Neil Armstrong took it all the way to the Moon.”
This was no innocent fascination with applied science — the President’s point was that government deserves the credit for such advances: “Of the 12 Americans who won the Nobel Prize last year, all 12 had received government support for their research,” he said. His enthusiasm for technological advance was really an optimistic vision of what the future holds as long as government leads the way. “I know that you all believe in this,” he told his Detnocratic listeners, advising them to fight the current antipathy to government by having at hand “three or four examples that people can identify with” of how their tax dollars are being profitably used.
He was talking to the right audience. A year ago, the party faithful in Knoxville had little to celebrate. Today they were excited by a rosy future — not that of technology but that of the Democratic Party under Bill Clinton. They could see public-sector jobs dancing before their eyes.
It was a different audience that afternoon in Dayton, an enthusiastic blue-collar crowd with young children in tow who gathered in a small square downtown not to cheer a candidate but to sec their President. When Air Force One touches down and the President’s twenty-car motorcade winds through the streets, a serious kind of carnival comes to town. Sharpshooters prowl the roofs, Secret Service agents in black jumpsuits flank the stage, and “Hail to the Chief” heralds the main attraction. All the king’s horses and all the king’s men provide an excitement missing from the politics of the race.
Before this bi-partisan audience, Clinton was restrained, self-consciously “presidential.” He joined the local politicians on stage with his small salute for the cheering crowd. But he seemed uncomfortable in the lead role. Does he sense that he lacks something, some mysterious presidential gene, some measure of dignity that the office demands? Bill Clinton provokes such questions at regular intervals. At one moment he is all smooth self-confidence; the next moment a nervous little boy peeps out, wondering if the imposture has been detected. This could just explain the gender gap: half the women’s vote has been seduced, the other half persuaded they are his mother.
That day’s only mention of foreign policy is also a local reference. Clinton thanked the audience for their role in the Dayton Accords. Special mention went to a woman whose restaurant fed the Bosnian negotiators.
Having solved the Bosnian question, the President ran through the litany of good news that doubles as his record. Over the past four years 10.5 million new jobs created . . . household income up $1,600 . . . the highest home-ownership rate in 15 years . . . 1.9 million fewer people on welfare . . . the biggest drop in child poverty in twenty years . . . the lowest poverty rate among seniors ever recorded . . . the minimum wage up . . . crime rates down. As he soared to a climax, the President became the very incarnation of Progress. “We have doubled life expectancy for people living with HIV . . . we have discovered two genes that cause breast cancer.” Really? Bill on his own? Or Bill, Al, and Hillary?
After this list of accomplishments, Clinton declared, “We are better off than we were four years ago, but we’ve got a long way to go to build that bridge to the twenty-first century.” The bridge metaphor is stolen from Bob Dole, and the agenda it represents stolen in part from Newt Gingrich. But these voters, applauding and impressed, have not been persuaded by Dole and Kemp that they could do better.
During a bus trip from the airport to a rally site, one reporter tells a colleague that he hadn’t been on a campaign trip in a while. “You’re not missing anything,” he is assured. “It’s still that f***ing bridge.” The reporters are merely irritated by the repetition; its significance is cither ignored or not grasped. This is a serious lapse — because if Clinton wins on November 5, the bridge will be transformed into a mandate for enlarging the scope of government.
Lockhart admits that the bridge metaphor suggested itself to Clinton after Dole’s San Diego speech. Symptomatic of his butterfly-minded campaign. Dole dropped his “bridge to the past,” and with it his defense of the virtuous communities of yesteryear, as soon as questions were raised about it. But he had inadvertently provided Clinton with an effective symbol for his second term. Audiences are drawn to the imagery of a bridge that leads to an exciting new century of untold wonders.
But they also feel an undercurrent of foreboding, which Clinton encourages. He speaks with urgency about the need to be as prepared as he is for the new millennium. Listeners are meant to conclude that without Clinton to guide them, they might be left behind in this tired old century. Of course, if his audiences were to sit idly in lawn chairs along Knoxville’s Interstate 64, the new century would still come upon them. But the President inspires them to want to join him m preparing for the crossing.
And what they must do is help him expand the reach of government. Clinton punctuates each mention of a new federal initiative with his raised fist and the plea, “Will you help me build that bridge to the twenty-first century?” Audiences invariably applaud.
The agenda that would usher in the new millennium in a Clinton second term includes tax breaks for education, child care, home-owners hip, and health care; an expansion of the Family Leave Act; expansion of health insurance for the unemployed and “respite benefits” for families of Alzheimer’s patients; federal support for school remodeling; tax credits for college tuition; a corps of tutors to teach reading; a ban on certain bullets; more federal cops on the beat; and Internet access in every classroom.
All these programs are meant to appeal to the middle class, and each is modest in itself. The public refused to swallow a whole beaker of federalized health care, but recent audiences appear eager to take the small sips Clinton now offers from the federal trough.
As yet, Republicans have not found an effective response to these tactics. Apparently fearful of the post-partum fury of millions of soccer moms, they supported the mandate that insurance companies cover 48-hour hospital stays for mothers and babies after normal deliveries. (When this soccer mom’s fingers had to be pried off the bedpost for me to be sent home three days after the birth of my youngest son, it didn’t occur to me that my pique should be of concern to the Federal Government.)
A ragtime band played for the expectant suburban crowd that waited for the President in downtown Louisville, Mike McCurry explained that Clinton was hoping to help freshman Congressman Mike Ward, who is in a tough re-election fight. And the campaign provided him with a pleasant local backdrop for doing so. A 120-foot Louisville Slugger bat stood behind the President as he sat through the local politicians’ exploitation of all the obvious metaphors. “We have 26 ‘Clinton cops’ on our streets because the President went to bat for us,” declared Louisville’s mayor. The President was being invited to hit his message out of the ballpark.
But in front of the suburbanites he is coolly winning over, Clinton risked no partisan appeal. He implausibly noted the remarkable “influence” that Ward had wielded in his one term, but noticeably refrained from a pitch for a Democratic House. The Democratic challenger to Senator Mitch McConnell was praised as a “fine man,” but the balance of power in the Senate went unmentioned. It was above-the-battle, soothingly presidential, not about politics at all.
And Clinton didn’t make the typical liberal case for the welfare state, but rather explained how the Federal Government can step in to reduce the tensions and inconveniences of everyday middle-class life. This notion of a family-friendly Federal Government went down well with this audience. A relaxed Mike McCurry stood in the evening chill watching the cheering crowd. He expressed surprise that he had enjoyed such a quiet day just three weeks before the election. Bob Dole, campaigning with Colin Powell in Ohio, had simply not been heard from. “We had expected an attack on our foreign-policy record, or on ethics, something like ‘I’d have people of Colin Powell’s caliber in my Cabinet.’ But nothing,” he marveled.
The secret of this campaign is that under the guise of non-partisan presidential appearances, polities is going on. As he coasts to re-election. Bill Clinton is fashioning a new Democratic coalition. The partisan liberals who welcomed him to Knoxville are energized by the prospect of victory — while Dayton’s blue-collar voters and Louisville’s suburbanites are seduced into increasing their dependence on a government that responds to their “needs” one at a time.
The GOP comforts itself that over 60 per cent of the public believes “the Federal Government is too big and does too much.” But how much does that matter when the President is putting in 17-hour days to make that belief a pious irrelevancy — as irrelevant as his admission that “the era of Big Government is over’”?
Too many Republicans have convinced themselves that a Clinton victory will be merely an interregnum between idea-fuelled GOP victories in 1994 and 1998. But if Bill Clinton builds a new coalition that includes suburban voters, the GOP will discover that ideas are not everything. Coalitions too have consequences.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump has threatened to unilaterally effect the withdrawal of the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Can he?
Conservative legal theorists, having done so much to aggrandize presidential powers during the presidency of George W. Bush, have in part prepared the way for him to do so, though it is far from clear that the president has the power to unilaterally terminate a treaty that has been ratified and implemented through legislation passed by Congress and signed into law.
This is the case of Goldwater v. Trump.
In 1978, President Jimmy Carter unilaterally terminated the Mutual Defense Treaty of 1954, which recognized the government of Taiwan and obliged the United States to come to its aid. It seemed obvious to Senator Barry Goldwater, among others, that the president had no such power: The making of treaties requires the advice and consent of the Senate, he reasoned, and as a matter of separation of powers, the president does not have the authority to overturn a Senate action without Senate consent. The district court for the District of Columbia agreed and ruled that President Carter was not entitled to do what he purported to do. The Supreme Court, unhappily, had other views about other aspects of the case, and it vacated the lower court’s decision while leaving the fundamental constitutional question annoyingly — and dangerously — unsettled.
The Supreme Court retreated to an intellectual dodge — one that is dishearteningly popular with many conservative legal thinkers — that the question before them was political rather than judicial. Justice William Brennan disagreed in his dissent, insisting that “the issue of decisionmaking authority must be resolved as a matter of constitutional law, not political discretion; accordingly, it falls within the competence of the courts.”
Justice Brennan here has the better argument. It would be nice to know who is in charge.
The day before yesterday, it was an open question whether the president could unilaterally withdraw from a treaty that had not yet been ratified. When President George W. Bush sought to nullify the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty, which had been signed and submitted to the Senate but not yet ratified, the State Department advised him that he did not have the power to do so. There was a similar debate surrounding the Rome Statute, which established the International Criminal Court.
Republican legal thinkers, who during the Bush years did as much as any Obama-worshiping sophomore at Middlebury ever dreamed of to inflate the Cult of the Presidency, have relied on some pretty loosey-goosey argumentation to discover a presidential power to unilaterally abrogate a treaty. The Constitution itself is silent on the question. Michael D. Ramsey of the Federalist Society argues that the Constitution’s investing of the president with “the executive power” of the United States carries within it the power to withdraw from treaties without congressional action. He argues that the executive power — the power to “execute the laws of the United States” — is supplemented by a second and less clearly defined executive power: “From the very beginning of constitutional government,” he writes, “the president has been recognized as the constitutional representative of the U.S. with respect to foreign governments and foreign affairs.”
The obvious problem with this line of thinking is that NAFTA did not become the law of the land on President Bill Clinton’s say-so. It became the law of the land when Congress enacted the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act of 1993. This is not a question of President Trump’s relation with the government of Mexico, but of his relation with the legislative branch of the U.S. government.
To argue that the president has the power to withdraw from a treaty that is signed, ratified, and implemented under law is to argue that the president has the power to nullify federal statute on a whim — his vaguely defined role as commander-in-chief and his vaguely defined foreign-policy powers could be invoked to nullify practically anything. Consider the way federal jurisdiction over “interstate commerce” has been perverted to cover activities that are neither interstate nor commerce, or consider President Trump’s recent argument that he can manage the steel industry from the White House in the name of “national security.” That is not constitutional liberty. That is banana-republic stuff.
This is a separate question from that of the specific merits or defects of NAFTA: About that, President Trump has been characteristically vague, his habitual reliance upon the superlative (“the worst deal ever,” etc.) and his inability to articulate a single objection to a single specific provision of the accord suggesting that he probably does not know what NAFTA says or how it in fact operates. Perhaps here we should slightly amend Salena Zito’s famous formulation: Trump’s objections to NAFTA are serious but not literate.
Conservatives fell into serious error in their enthusiasm to support President George W. Bush, particularly in the matter of the well-intentioned mess he made in the Middle East. My dear friend Andrew C. McCarthy argued that a CIA interrogator doing something heinous to a prisoner “cannot be guilty of torture either since his intent is not to inflict severe pain but to collect life-saving information,” which is to say, that torture is not torture if you are using it as a means to an end rather than simply racking someone recreationally. Other legal luminaries on the Right found in the words “commander-in-chief” a presidential power setting him above the law any time he uttered the magical incantation “national security” — call it Hocus POTUS.
The Right has some thinking to do about free trade. We have some much more important thinking to do about whether laws passed by Congress actually mean anything and whether we intend to make the president into an elected tyrant, Caesar Augustus on the installment plan. If the president has the power to unilaterally dissolve our laws, then they are not laws at all.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
A new documentary about the New York Times arrives at just the moment America’s newspaper of record presents itself as something that stands not for news but for power, partisanship, and elitism. It’s titled “Obit,” perhaps in a witty response to the digital era’s advance on outmoded media. An inside look at how the paper’s staff of obituary writers and researchers perform their tasks, Obit may be the closest that any media-maker gets to examining the Times’ confidential procedures during this terrible period of oppositional journalism.
Director Vanessa Gould does not perform a head-on investigation. (What filmmaker or Justice Department official would dare?) With seemingly innocent curiosity, she supplies a virtual scrutiny of the Times that, for those incredulous viewers remaining among the information-addicted electorate, is desperately needed. And sure enough, for non-thinking people, Obit delightedly tours one of the paper’s most enduring, popular sections — the one devoted to the way of all flesh. Thinking folks, however, will know there has to be more to it than that.
Previous Times documentaries — Bill Cunningham New York (2010), Page One: Inside the New York Times (2011 )— were just puff pieces geared to fawning subscribers. In Obit, Gould structures a workday at the Times in four segments: Morning Meeting, The Morgue, Photo Meeting, and Page-One Meeting. Employees on the obit desk describe their duties with the pride one expects of white-collar (and mostly white) professionals; then, one of them recalls a letter from a reader who, begging to see a family member’s obit, naïvely claimed: “My uncle subscribed to the New York Times all his life. It was a religion for him.” That staffer’s not quite humble admission of a Times reader’s sacred devotion should correct any fantasy that these are your typical bureaucrats. Professional self-awareness shadows the rest of the film.
One obit writer anxiously confesses her duty and power: “You’re going to have to have command of this person’s life work and historical significance.” This is valuable insight into the ideology of an institution that many people refuse to recognize as having an ideological foundation.
Describing obit-writing as “a retrospective genre” and the effort to “do justice to a life” does not sufficiently explain how these summing-up stories — granted only to a few — are about life more than death. Obits, like the paper itself, go beyond reporting to establish reputation; obits certify biography and, indeed, verify history. Unlike old-time, florid local-newspaper funereal panegyrics, a Times obit declares a person’s life newsworthy, conferring a final moment of celebrity (and perhaps envy among some readers).
Gould features several quick montages of famous faces, sometimes settling on a subject such as British oarsman John Fairfax, or morphing the visage of typewriter repairman Manson Whitlock with Liberace’s. Obituary writer Margalit Fox uses these examples to prove how Times obits “in the 21st century can be as rollicking and swaggering as their subjects.” This lapse, from reporting to creative writing, exposes Times journalism as not just a first draft of history. In fact, it becomes the first draft of hegemony. It creates the attitude and perspective of an institution from which habitual readers routinely, unquestioningly, take their marching orders.
We witness the source of trickle-down journalism when writers and editors ponder the obit of William P. Wilson, a late adviser to John F. Kennedy, who was instrumental during the 1960 Kennedy–Nixon television debates. The writers’ sense of political mission is unmistakable. (Here is the proverbial, secretive media bubble: like-minded people talking only to themselves while the public listens in.) “I’m trying to write an entertaining piece about history for people who don’t know the history,” says obit writer Bruce Weber. It seems he wants to turn the death notice into a political platform: “One of the things I haven’t nailed yet is the effect of this debate on subsequent presidential campaigns. I haven’t figured it out yet.” How many Times readers will figure out that much of their daily newspaper content is subjective rather than objective, smartly designed to shape their personal opinions?
As “inside-journalism,” Obit reveals a new problem: When everyone is sophisticated about media, there is no sophistication, only an acceptance of received wisdom and the status quo — the hegemony of the media establishment.
The loquacious Margalit Fox appeals to this sense of privilege when she addresses the “real anger and real pain” of readers who complain that women and people of color are underrepresented on the obit page. She cites history’s slow social progress to explain the page’s apparent lack of progress. But it’s a tautology in place of actual research and reporting that might improve the past rather than repeating and then blaming it. This defensive professionalism comes from the commanding heights of a media class that is confident it knows how to determine what is fit to print and what is not — elites who think they know best.
Early in Obit, Bruce Weber makes a quick presumption about an obit subject’s political affiliation, which makes it into print. Gould confronts the moment later and, to both her and Weber’s credit, features the reporter’s chagrin. “Don’t put in so many facts!” he chides himself. Times devotees should take Obit as a warning.
*****
The 2012 film I’m Carolyn Parker by Jonathan Demme (1944–2017) belongs to the endangered species of great documentaries. I suppose it must be categorized as a documentary since it is a nonfiction, slice-of-life account of a real person, yet it transcends genre classification because it is, really, an extraordinary character appreciation.
Demme went to Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina in 2006, but he had a different purpose from that of the carpetbagger journalists and filmmakers who used the catastrophe to show off their bleeding-heart bona fides. This film is part of Demme’s planned project to document the American issue of “right to return” — citizens of New Orleans’s Lower Ninth Ward who were denied the right to reclaim their flooded homes. Demme found a fertile subject in the charming, articulate, middle-aged Parker, who had survived an unsuccessful marriage, assorted career ventures, genuine tests of faith, and then Katrina.
Parker held fast to her cultural and spiritual heritage and her citizen’s rights, which makes this a far richer film than Spike Lee’s two (count ’em) overblown HBO documentaries about Katrina or any of Anderson Cooper’s countless, grandstanding CNN reports/arguments that exploited the disaster. Lee and Cooper both showered typical liberal condescension on less fortunate people, merely to show off their own bourgie political dogma. But Demme worked artistically to show the distinctive, relatable qualities and atmosphere of Parker’s community and her warm, funny depth of character. (Her laughing, smiling reflexes are survival techniques.) At one point, Demme judiciously includes footage from Robert Flaherty’s splendid 1950 film Louisiana Story, but Demme’s film, though less remarkable aesthetically, is also sui generis.
Beyond the story of Parker’s survival against government intervention (FEMA and local politicians such as do-nothing Mayor Ray Nagin), this film surveys a modern American’s saintly endeavor. Nothing else in contemporary cinema matches the story of Parker’s effort to restore St. David Catholic Church on St. Maurice Street, her church home. It’s a tough struggle against various secular do-gooders, but Demme honors the sincerity of Parker’s faith and keeps a respectful distance when observing her praying or meditating in church. These moments are as full of serious wonder as anything in Bresson’s Diary of a Country Priest.
Like Carolyn Parker, Demme refused to indulge political grievance. Unlike knee-jerk liberals who offer pity, complaint, and outsider aloofness, Demme responded to his subject’s humanity. (His subtitle “The Good, the Mad, and the Beautiful” is a droll redundancy.) We can bask in the grace exuded by Carolyn, her daughter Kyrah, and their neighbors. One friend tells Carolyn, “We are spiritual beings going through a human experience.” That realization summarizes Demme’s art.
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Bill Nye has some detestable ideas about humanity. This shouldn’t surprise anyone. Many environmental doomsdayers share his totalitarian impulses (he has toyed with the idea of criminalizing speech he dislikes) and soft spot for eugenics.
In his Netflix series, Bill Nye Saves the World, the former children’s-television host supplies viewers with various trendy notions to adorn his ideological positions with the sheen of science. In the final episode, Nye and his guests contemplate a thorny “scientific” question: How can the state stop people from having “extra kids”?
All of this was pretty familiar to me, and not only because the panel sounded like a ChiCom planning meeting. The Nye segment, it turns out, was just a repetition of a 2016 NPR article on overpopulation featuring Travis Rieder.
“Should we have policies that penalize people for having extra kids in the developed world?” asked Reider and others who were pondering the “ethics of procreation.” The article is titled “Should We Be Having Kids in the Age of Climate Change?” In it, Rieder, a philosopher with the Berman Institute of Bioethics at Johns Hopkins University, scaremongers a class of college students about The End of Days and the immorality of having children. NPR describes: “The room is quiet. No one fidgets. Later, a few students say they had no idea the situation was so bad.” (It’s not.)
“Here’s a provocative thought,” Rieder says. “Maybe we should protect our kids by not having them.” This is provocative in the way a stoner wondering why airplanes don’t run on hemp is provocative. That’s because the entire case for capping the number of children rests on assumptions entirely devoid of scientific or historical basis.
In 1798, Thomas Malthus wrote that “the power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man.” At that point, there were maybe a billion humans on Earth, so we might forgive him for worrying. In 1800, the life expectancy of the average British citizen — Britain then being the leading light of the world — was 39 years. Most humans lived in pitiless poverty that is increasingly rare in most parts of the contemporary world.
Now, had Nye been around in the early 19th century, he’d almost surely have been smearing anyone skeptical of the miasma theory of disease. The problem is he lacks imagination; he’s unable to understand that science is here to help humanity adapt and overcome, not constrict it. Anyway, 7-plus billion people later, extreme poverty was projected to fall below 10 percent for the first time ever in 2015. Most of those gains have been made in the midst of the world’s largest population explosion.
Additionally, it is reported that, because of trade, technological advances, and plentiful fossil fuels, fewer people are hungry than ever; fewer die in conflicts over resources; and deaths owing to extreme weather have been dramatically declining for a century. Over the past 40 years, our water and air have become cleaner, despite a huge spike in population growth. Some of the Earth’s richest people live in some of its densest cities.
It’s worth remembering not only that early progressivism was steeped in eugenics, but also that early-’70s abortion politics was played out in the shadow of Paul Ehrlich’s population-bomb theory. Former vice president Al Gore has already broached the idea of “fertility management.” Supreme Court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, a few years ago: “Frankly I had thought that at the time Roe was decided, there was concern about population growth and particularly growth in populations that we don’t want to have too many of.”
You thought right. Today, abortion is used as a means of exterminating a class of humans deemed unworthy of life — those with Down syndrome.
We live in a world where Ehrlich protégé John Holdren — who, like his mentor, made a career of offering memorably erroneous predictions (not out of the ordinary for alarmists) — was able to become a science czar in the Obama administration. Holdren co-authored a book in the late 1970s called “Ecoscience: Population, Resources, Environment,” which waded into theoretical talk about mass sterilizations and forced abortions in an effort to save hundreds of millions from sure death. Nye is a fellow denier of one of the most irrefutable facts about mankind: Human ingenuity overcomes demand.
Now, the fact that something hasn’t happened yet doesn’t mean it can’t happen in the future. But the evidence against Malthusianism is stronger now than it has ever been. And, of course, not everything about human existence can be quantified. This is the point. Talking about humans as if they were a malady that needs to be cured is, at its core, immoral. And listening to a man who has three residences lecture potential parents about their responsibilities to Mother Earth is particularly galling.
Although many thousands of incredibly smart and talented people engage in real scientific inquiry and discovery, “science” is often used as a cudgel to browbeat people into accepting progressive policies. Just look at the coverage of the March for Science last week. The biggest clue that it was nothing more than another political event is that Nye was a speaker. “We are marching today to remind people everywhere, our lawmakers especially,” he told the crowd, “of the significance of science for our health and prosperity.” Fortunately, our health and prosperity have blossomed despite the work of Nye and his ideological ancestors.
— David Harsanyi is a senior editor of the Federalist and the author of The People Have Spoken (and They Are Wrong): The Case Against Democracy. Follow him on Twitter @davidharsanyi. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Jonathan Haidt is a member of one of America’s smallest fraternities — those who attempt to see beyond their own prejudices. In the left-leaning Chronicle of Higher Education, he notes that “intimidation is the new normal” on college campuses. The examples are well-known: the shout-down/shut-down of Heather Mac Donald at Claremont McKenna College, the riots sparked by Milo Yiannopoulos at Berkeley, the experience of Charles Murray at Middlebury College where he and Professor Allison Stanger were physically assaulted by a mob. Stanger was sent to the hospital with injuries. She said she feared for her life. Haidt writes:
The only word I’d quarrel with is “new.” America’s campuses have been down this road – and worse — before.
At San Francisco State, it began with a fire in a dormitory. Hundreds of students awoke to a screaming alarm and rushed from their rooms in bathrobes as smoke and flames rose 30 feet from the roof. That no one was killed or injured was a miracle. The three-alarm fire left the social room of Merced Hall a smoking ruin. The year was 1967. The following year, the campus would be host (and I use that term advisedly) to the longest “student strike” in history. Dozens more fires were set, and radical students were able to shut down the entire campus for four months (there was even an attempted bombing). The college administration, in the face of law-breaking, beatings, and intimidation by radical students, backed off like cowards.
Thomas Sowell was a professor at Cornell University in 1969 when bands of armed black militant students forced visiting parents out of a campus building and then “occupied” it until their demands were met. Sowell wrote:
At Columbia University, students took faculty members hostage, occupied the office of the university president (David Shapiro was photographed smoking a cigar in the president’s chair), and took control of Hamilton Hall. Radicals shut down the entire campus and then battled the police, with one student permanently disabling a police officer by breaking his back when he leaped onto him from a second-story window. And yet, the administration and large numbers of faculty, rather than denounce the student thugs, praised and flattered them. University presidents from Yale (Kingman Brewster), Columbia (Grayson Kirk), and Cornell (James Perkins), among countless others, responded with pusillanimity to the radicals’ absurd demands and tactics.
But not at San Francisco State. Two presidents in quick succession had resigned rather than confront the students who were disrupting campus and committing violent crimes. And then came a third. A seemingly unprepossessing professor of semantics named S. I. Hayakawa was appointed acting president. As the radicals were chanting, and drum beating, and refusing to disperse, he jumped up on one of the sound trucks and pulled the plug on their speakers.
Instantly, he became a national hero, a celebrity status he was able to parlay into a seat in the U.S. Senate from California.
Hayakawa had no trouble rejecting the cant and cowardice all around him. Asked whether, being of Japanese extraction, he didn’t side with minorities, he said he certainly did, but the radical activists did not speak for the majority of blacks or anyone else. They were media creations, he said, adding that TV news suffers from an excess of “show-business values.”
There’s an opportunity awaiting someone, anyone, on today’s campuses too. Stand up to the social-justice warriors, tell the truth, and you may find yourself a household name.
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Yesterday’s conventional wisdom: A wave of insurgent populism is sweeping the West, threatening its foundational institutions — the European Union, the Western alliance, even liberal democracy itself.
Today’s conventional wisdom (post-first-round French presidential election): The populist wave has crested, soon to abate.
Chances are that both verdicts are wrong. The anti-establishment sentiment that gave us Brexit, then Donald Trump, and then seemed poised to give us Marine Le Pen, has indeed plateaued. But although she will likely be defeated in the second round, victory by the leading centrist, Emmanuel Macron, would hardly constitute an establishment triumph.
Macron barely edged out a Cro-Magnon Communist (Jean-Luc Mélenchon), a blood-and-soil nationalist (Le Pen), and a center-right candidate brought low by charges of nepotism and corruption (François Fillon). And the ruling Socialist candidate came in fifth, garnering a pathetic 6 percent of the vote.
On the other hand, the populists can hardly be encouraged by what has followed Brexit and Trump: Dutch elections, where the nationalist Geert Wilders faded toward the end and came nowhere near power; Austrian elections, where another nationalist challenge was turned back; and upcoming German elections, where polls indicate that the far-right nationalists are at barely 10 percent and slipping. And, of course, France.
In retrospect, the populist panic may have been overblown. Regarding Brexit, for example, the shock exaggerated its meaning. Because it was so unexpected, it became a sensation. But in the longer view, Britain has always been deeply ambivalent about Europe, going back at least to Henry VIII and his break with Rome. In the intervening 500 years, Britain has generally seen itself as less a part of Europe than an offshore island.
The true historical anomaly was Britain’s EU membership with all the attendant transfer of sovereignty from Westminster to Brussels. Brexit was a rather brutal return to the extra-European norm, but the norm it is.
The other notable populist victory, the triumph of Trump, has also turned out to be less than meets the eye. He certainly ran as a populist and won as a populist but, a mere 100 days in, he is governing as a traditionalist.
The Obamacare-replacement proposals are traditional small-government fixes. His tax reform is a follow-on to Reagan’s from 1986. His Supreme Court pick is a strait-laced constitutional conservative out of central casting. And his more notable executive orders read as a wish list of traditional business-oriented conservatism, from regulatory reform to the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines.
I happen to support all these moves, but they don’t qualify as insurrectionist populism. The one exception may be trade policy. As of now, however, it remains ad hoc and idiosyncratic. Trump has made gestures and threats to those cunning Mexicans, Chinese, and now Canadians. But it’s not yet clear if he is serious about, say, withdrawing from NAFTA or just engaging in a series of opening negotiating gambits.
The softwood-timber dispute with Canada is hardly new; it dates back 35 years. Every intervening administration has contested the terms of trade in various forums. A full-scale trade war with our leading trading partner would indeed break new ground. Anything short of that, however, is the art of the deal.
The normalization of Trump is one indicator that there may be less to the populist insurrection than imagined. The key, however, is Europe, where the stakes are infinitely higher. There the issue is the future of the nation-state itself, as centuries of sovereignty dissolve within an expanding superstate. It influences every aspect of daily life — from the ethnic makeup of neighborhoods to the currency that changes hands at the grocery.
The news from France, where Macron is openly, indeed ostentatiously, pro-European (his campaign headquarters flies the EU flag), is that France is not quite prepared to give up on the great experiment. But the Europeanist elites had better not imagine this to be an enduring verdict. The populist revolt was a reaction to their reckless and anti-democratic push for even greater integration. The task today is to address the sources of Europe’s economic stagnation and social alienation rather than blindly pursue the very drive that led to this precarious moment.
If the populist threat turns out to have frightened the existing powers out of their arrogant complacency, it should be deemed a success. But make no mistake: The French election wasn’t a victory for the status quo. It was a reprieve. For now, the populist wave is not in retreat. It’s on pause.
— Charles Krauthammer’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017, The Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
What is the University of California–Berkeley for?
It’s a question worth asking in the wake of recent events. In February, violent protesters set fires on campus to prevent a speech by ex-Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos. (They succeeded.) This week, the threat of violence, and the refusal of the UC system and local law enforcement to do much about it, led right-wing pundit Ann Coulter to cancel her scheduled appearance. Who is permitted to exercise First Amendment rights on the campus of UC–Berkeley is now at the discretion of a critical mass of anonymous potential rioters.
This is not, of course, a problem restricted to Berkeley. At nearby Claremont McKenna College, where students blocked Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald from entering a building where she was slated to speak; at Middlebury College in Vermont, where American Enterprise Institute scholar Charles Murray was literally chased off campus (and a Middlebury political-science professor assaulted in the process); at the University of Missouri, where journalists attempting to report on racial protests were threatened with “muscle”; and at dozens of other institutions from which right-leaning speakers have been “disinvited,” the loudest, or most threatening, faction rules the day.
This does not happen to institutions with purpose. But our universities, increasingly, are not for anything.
At First Things, editor R. R. Reno has argued persuasively that the contemporary American university is ensnared by competing loyalties:
Why? Because elite American universities are run “for two purposes, both of which treat students as means, not ends in themselves. The first is to provide legitimacy to the American ruling class. The second is to promote the greater wealth and glory of the university itself.”
Berkeley is a good illustration. On one hand, it is a sterling institution of higher learning: Ranked No. 20 by the U.S. News & World Report, it is a desirable destination for the nation’s brightest undergraduate students; for graduate students, too, especially in the hard sciences, it is among the nation’s very best places to study. To maintain this status, the university must woo the most academically talented students, whoever they may be; obviously, some of them will end up among the College Republicans. On the other hand, Berkeley is a gateway to the world of liberal power; to be a Berkeley alumnus is to be designated worthy to enjoy access to the higher circles of left-wing political and cultural life. (The current governor of California is a Berkeley grad.) To maintain this status, the university must demonstrate its fidelity to left-wing doctrine in its admissions policies, in its hiring, in its research priorities, and its handling of on-campus conflicts.
The result, as Reno observes, is “minutely engineered” classes of students, “admitted because they serve the university’s project.” One might say that they are not even students, precisely, because the university’s “project” is educational only secondarily. Of late, they are primarily rambunctious constituencies making mutually irreconcilable demands on administrators.
Berkeley students who know their Latin (there are, presumably, a few) may appreciate that “university” comes from the Latin uni-versus — “turned into one.” But the elite contemporary American university has no “one” toward which the campus can turn. Because education is a subordinate aim, students are not required to share core commitments, or any core identity. They do not need to agree on a principle of academic freedom. They do not need to agree on how to adjudicate intellectual disputes. The main thing they share is a geographic location. By making its overarching purpose to perpetuate the structures that secure its own power, the university has ensured that campus “community” is ersatz, and that all conflicts will, in the end, be decided by those who can muster the most force.
At present, left-wing activists hold the whip hand. If, in the future, a different faction takes over, the grievances would be different but the underlying problem the same. This situation will endure as long as the university is more committed to demonstrating its political bona fides than to cultivating educated men and women.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Forget the ludicrous #Calexit movement — why should a state bother seceding when it can simply nullify the portions of the Constitution it doesn’t like? A troubling trend is emerging: California is imposing its own vision of free speech, freedom of association, and freedom of the press on its citizens, and it’s daring the courts to stop it.
The entire nation has of course watched as the city of Berkeley and the University of California, Berkeley ceded control over free speech to violent left-wing mobs. Both the city and the campus have placed the safety of rioters over the liberty of their conservative citizens, refusing to protect that liberty on the dubious grounds that someone might get hurt. Thus, city and school leaders have knowingly and intentionally granted a heckler’s veto to the far-left, in effect making the First Amendment a dead letter at one of the nation’s (and the world’s) most prominent universities.
The rot extends far beyond Berkeley. Just this week, the California assembly’s judiciary committee voted overwhelmingly in favor of AB 569, a bill that would prohibit religious employers from enforcing entirely normal rules of Christian conduct on their employees. Thus, it would be illegal for Catholic schools to require that their employees choose life rather than get an abortion. Under the terms of the bill, employers can’t discriminate on the (extraordinarily broad, nebulous) basis of “reproductive health,” and the bill’s lead cheerleader, NARAL Pro-Choice California, left no doubt about its targets, drafting a supporting statement that listed exclusively religious organizations as offenders deserving punishment.
Speaking of abortion, let’s not forget the odious “Reproductive FACT Act,” which compels pro-life crisis-pregnancy centers to notify all their clients that they might be eligible for free or no-cost abortions. In other words, California forces pro-life organizations into becoming abortion advertisers. The Ninth Circuit has upheld the law, and the case is now before the Supreme Court.
And of course let’s not forget the California attorney general’s enthusiastic, selective prosecution of pro-life investigative journalists David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt for taping conversations with Planned Parenthood employees. This is the same state that mobilizes its resources to investigate duck and chicken abuse exposed by undercover journalists, but when undercover journalists expose the grotesque treatment of human babies? Well then, it’s time to prosecute the journalists.
It gets worse. California Senate Bill 30 would “prohibit any company from receiving a new or extended contract with the state of California if it participates in a future effort to build” Trump’s proposed border wall. In other words, it would condition the receipt of state contracts on a private party’s participation in politically unpopular activities.
The list goes on and on. Until she was blocked last year, then–attorney general (now–U.S. senator) Kamala Harris required nonprofits to disclose their donor lists as a condition of fundraising in the state. A federal judge found that the disclosure requirement violated the First Amendment, and noted (surprise, surprise) that “the Attorney General has systematically failed to maintain the confidentiality of” the disclosure forms her office received. In fact, Americans for Prosperity discovered more than 1,400 allegedly confidential forms published on the attorney general’s website.
In short, California public officials at every level of state and local government have taken it upon themselves to replace core constitutional protections with their own radical vision of social justice. This isn’t federalism; it’s lawlessness. The Constitution is the supreme law of the land, and every state law, ordinance, regulation, or practice that conflicts its guarantees of individual liberty must be struck down.
A proper form of federalism gives the state the ability to formulate, for example, its own tax systems, criminal codes, economic policies, and educational standards. It does not give the state the power to curtail constitutional protections of free speech, due process, equal protection, and religious liberty enjoyed by American citizens simply because of where they live.
Social-justice warriors may demand #Resistance, but they cannot opt an entire state out of the Constitution. It’s time for the courts and Congress to protect liberty, and it’s time for California to remember that membership in our constitutional republic carries with it constitutional obligations. California, you can’t nullify the Bill of Rights.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
After capturing the fervor of the intensely progressive wing of the Democratic party in the 2016 presidential primary — despite never having been a member of the party at all — Vermont senator Bernie Sanders seems to be falling out of favor with the ruling social-justice-warrior class.
What proved his undoing was not, in fact, a sudden recollection on the part of Democrats that the party’s base is not composed entirely of socialists. No, Sanders’s star has fallen because he has revealed himself to be insufficiently dedicated to the radical pro-abortion movement.
This progressive consensus arose after Sanders had the gall to endorse Omaha mayoral candidate Heath Mello, a Democrat who has been dubbed “anti-abortion” for supporting a bill that would require doctors to inform women that they have the right to an ultrasound prior to an abortion procedure. No, the law would not compel women to receive an ultrasound — as some outlets incorrectly reported. It would require that they be informed of their right to receive one.
Sanders’s willingness to support such a backwards-thinking misogynist has exposed his drastic unsuitability as a leader of the Democratic party. According to a growing contingent of progressives, their leaders must wholeheartedly embrace abortion-on-demand as a core tenet of the Democratic party, and one integral to every other progressive value as well.
A recent Salon piece by Anna March, for example, knocks Sanders for supporting Mello. His endorsement reveals his lack of genuine enthusiasm for abortion, March complains. Further, she added, it shows his misunderstanding of “intersectionality” — the progressive theory that systems of oppression (racism, sexism, ableism, etc.) are interconnected and cannot be examined or redressed separately.
“Being pro-choice is not an optional part of being a progressive,” March states. “Full stop.” And later: “One hundred percent pro-choice is the only pro-choice position.” March insists that the Sanders endorsement of Mello proves that he believes “reproductive rights are negotiable” (though this assertion is easily contradicted by his rhetoric and record).
March also claims that Sanders’s recent focus on winning back working-class voters is “white-male dog-whistle rhetoric” that alienates the party’s real base, which consists of those who care primarily about unlimited “reproductive rights.” Any concern for the middle-class Americans who voted for Trump is simply “perpetuating the dangerous myth” that those voters’ needs are more important than abortion.
An op-ed in Wednesday’s New York Times follows in a similar vein, insisting that “abortion is a progressive economic issue” and castigating top Democrats for not doing enough to advance a fully pro-abortion agenda.
The piece’s author, Bryce Covert, contends that DNC chairman Tom Perez didn’t reassure pro-abortion Democrats enough in the wake of the Sanders–Mello controversy. This, despite Perez’s full-throated pro-abortion stance, clarified in a statement by him last week: “Every Democrat, like every American, should support a woman’s right to make her own choices about her body and her health. That is not negotiable . . . ”
Covert then outlines a convoluted case for how economic injustice creates conditions that compel women to have abortions, claiming that “there is no economic justice without reproductive freedom.” Democrats such as Sanders and Perez are therefore wrong not to trumpet a “woman’s right to choose” when they’re debating economic policies.
Even aside from this ghoulish fixation on abortion as the animating principle of the Democratic agenda, these attacks on Sanders are truly bizarre given the senator’s unflinchingly pro-abortion record. In 1993, he sponsored an iteration of the Freedom of Choice Act, and more recently he co-sponsored a bill to eliminate all state restrictions on abortion.
According to the New York Times itself, Sanders has opposed “bills banning partial-birth abortions, banning minors from crossing state lines to get abortions, and criminalizing fetal harm during the act of another crime.” For his extensive efforts, he has been rewarded with a 100 percent lifetime voting record from both NARAL and Planned Parenthood.
But for today’s Democratic party, 100 percent is no longer enough. Democrats must not only be pro-abortion, they must support completely unlimited “reproductive rights,” funded by the government with the aid of all taxpayers regardless of religion or conscience. And as these latest arguments prove, vocal support of these aims isn’t quite enough anymore, either; Democratic politicians must make them the primary focus of their rhetoric and legislation, or else they no longer qualify as true progressives and must be cast out.
If Bernie Sanders is no longer “pro-choice” enough for the progressive movement, its worship of abortion must be descending to ever-new depths of derangement. In their vision, the future American Left will be defined not by economic socialism but by absolute sexual autonomy, enabled by the murder of innocents and spearheaded by politicians who endlessly cheerlead the sanctity of “choice.”
Such a landscape would doubtless appeal to pitchfork-wielding progressives like March and Covert, but it could spell doom for the Democratic party. Very few people in this country support the unlimited extermination of unborn children, and the louder Democrats champion that extermination, the farther most Americans will run.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
The People’s Climate March is Saturday, April 29, and it will be the third iteration of an anti-Trump rally just this month. (April has been busy for the perpetually agitated.) It is a day when lefties accomplish little more than exposing their planet-sized hypocrisy on the environment: Eco-celebs such as Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo will walk arm-in-arm to lament the Earth’s destruction by greedy fossil-fuel companies, and then they will jet off to their next fossil-fuel-powered movie set to make millions. Jerry Brown, Andrew Cuomo, and other politicians will lecture us about the dangers of CO2 as they close zero-emission nuclear plants in their own states. Millennials will snap selfies on cellphones that operate off an electric grid powered by natural gas made abundantly available by the fracking they will protest.
According to its website, here is the point of the People’s Climate March:
Now set aside for a moment the comical idea that angry anti-Trumpers, who have been in attack mode since November 8, are themselves under attack. This statement reveals the height of hypocrisy from the climate crowd; they are the bullies attacking anyone who dares to question climate science or who doubts whether human activity is causing climate change. Most Americans are unaware of the vicious campaign — including character assassination, political witch-hunts, and media propaganda — waged by climate activists against people who do not recite the strictest tenets of the manmade-climate-change creed.
When the New York Times announced a few weeks ago that it had hired Bret Stephens, a former Wall Street Journal columnist, the climate cult went insane. (Stephens has been critical of climate-change dogma.) Joe Romm, the editor of Climate Progress, and others demanded that the Times fire Stephens. Hundreds of people threatened to cancel their subscriptions to protest the hiring of a so-called climate denier, including leading climate scientist Ken Caldeira who accused Stephens of having a “reckless disregard for well-established scientific facts.” Michael Mann, a climate scientist from Penn State University and keynote speaker at the March for Science, tweeted this:
“It should trouble everyone in the scientific community that the primary response of its leading voices when they encounter a voice they don’t like is to try to get that person fired from their job. That is doesn’t trouble anyone very much says something,” wrote Roger Pielke, Jr. in a blog post this month. Pielke is a scientist who concluded a decade ago that climate change was not contributing to more extreme weather events such as hurricanes and floods, a finding that was eventually supported by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
By exposing this flaw in climate science, Pielke has since been targeted by powerful climate interests determined to destroy his career and reputation. He has been called a climate denier, even though he believes human activity is causing climate change and he supports a carbon tax. President Obama’s top science adviser, John Holdren, wrote a lengthy missive against Pielke, which prompted one Democratic congressman to call for an investigation into Pielke’s research (he is a professor at the University of Colorado, Boulder). The coercion was so great that Pielke left the field of climate science a few years ago.
He’s back in the fray now, after some climate bullies, including Mann, who is suing National Review for alleged defamation, attacked Pielke for his testimony on Capitol Hill last month on climate science. Pielke will start posting a monthly blog about climate issues, mostly to fight back against the campaign of intimidation by climate activists and the complicity of the scientific establishment.
“The science community not only allows this bullying, they applaud it. And the power brokers endorse it. There are no ordinary checks and balances in the profession,” Pielke told me. “There is a view among climate activists that if they can get everyone to believe the same thing, then the right policies will take place. It gives these people political standing.”
And that is what most terrifies the climate tribe: the loss of political power and policymaking influence, as well as the government funding that goes with it. In a recent interview, Steven Koonin, a former undersecretary in Obama’s Energy Department and now the director of NYU’s Center for Urban Science and Progress, said scientists are fearful of reprisals if they hold a different view of climate change: “If you get scientists in a room together, it’s a vibrant, alive science. But somehow that gets muted, if not suppressed, when you get out into the policy-making discussions,” Koonin said. “It’s very difficult to get into the club, so to speak, if you’re a contrarian. You might see your money cut off, but even more significantly, you’ll see opprobrium from your peers. If you speak up, you can be in big trouble.”
Or even threatened with violence. After the March for Science this past Saturday, shots were fired at the office of John Christy, a climate scientist at the University of Alabama, Hunstville, and a well-known climate-change skeptic. Christy’s colleague, Roy Spencer, reported the shooting on social media on Monday: “When some people cannot argue facts, they resort to violence to get their way. Maybe the ‘March for Science’ should have been called the ‘March to Silence.’”
This is the kind of thuggery climate leaders promote so they can keep their agenda intact. They play the victim by insisting that the Trump administration and Republicans are trying to oppress them, but they are the perpetrators, intimidating and coercing anyone who dares to defy them. Contrary to what they say, it’s about silence, not science.
— Julie Kelly is a writer in Orland Park, Ill.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Forty-nine years ago, Vice President Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic candidate for president.
The year 1968 was a tumultuous one that saw the assassinations of rival candidate Senator Robert F. Kennedy and civil-rights icon Martin Luther King Jr. Lyndon Johnson’s unpopular lame-duck Democratic administration imploded because of massive protests against the Vietnam War.
Yet Humphrey almost defeated Republican nominee Richard Nixon, losing the election by just over 500,000 votes (43.4 percent to 42.7 percent).
Infighting Democrats could have defeated the unpopular Nixon if not for a few unforeseen developments.
Their convention in Chicago turned into a creepy carnival of televised rioting and radical protests. Hippies and leftists were seen battling police in the streets on prime-time news.
The former Democratic governor of Alabama, George Wallace, ran as a states’ rights third-party candidate and drew 13.5 percent of the vote. Wallace destroyed the Democrats’ traditional hold on the old “solid South” by winning five Southern states outright. He also siphoned off enough traditional Democratic supporters to give Nixon astonishing Republican victories in half a dozen other states in the region.
Nixon won over a few Northern blue-collar states that had often voted Democratic, such as Wisconsin and Ohio — again with help from Wallace, who appealed to fed-up, working-class Democrats.
What was the lesson from 1968?
The Democrats could have recalibrated their message to appeal more to working-class voters.
They should have rebuilt the old Franklin D. Roosevelt–era coalition that had elected Harry Truman and John F. Kennedy, mostly by appealing to paycheck issues and avoiding radical agendas.
Yet despite picking up twelve House seats in the 1970 midterm elections, and instead of attributing the 1968 loss to Wallace’s third-party populism and voter pushback against radicalism, the Democrats went off the rails and veered hard left in 1972.
The lowering of the voting age to age 18 in 1971 also tricked Democrats into wrongly thinking that most new young voters were leftists and would vote in record numbers for leftist candidates.
So the Democrats in 1972 foolishly nominated die-hard left-wing South Dakota senator George McGovern.
Although President Nixon wasn’t a popular political figure, he was busy unifying voters by moving all over the political map. The wily, flexible, and pragmatic Nixon talked hard-right but actually moved to the center. He created the Environmental Protection Agency. He vastly expanded the welfare state and pushed for universal health care.
Nixon also had imposed wage and price controls, and visited Communist China. Nixon ridiculed conservative icons such as California governor Ronald Reagan and commentator William F. Buckley Jr. as right-wing troublemakers and elitist ideologues.
In other words, Nixon was as controversial — and as politically unpredictable and misunderstood — as Donald Trump.
The November 1972 election proved one of the biggest Republican landslides in American history. Nixon was reelected with over 60 percent of the popular vote, winning 49 of 50 states.
Democrats held on to Congress only because sober Democratic senators and House members up for reelection never followed the far-left trajectory of McGovern.
Democrats would remain out of the White House until 1976, when Jimmy Carter ran a winning Humphrey-like campaign as a centrist populist outsider from the South.
Will 2020 end up like 1972 for Democrats?
So far, the similarities are eerie.
Hillary Clinton lost the election but won the popular vote over Trump. Had she campaigned more in the so-called blue-wall states of the Rust Belt and Midwest, and not stupidly labeled a quarter of the country “irredeemable” and “deplorable,” Clinton might have won in the Electoral College as well.
As in 1968, the future lesson from the lost 2016 election was for Democrats to appeal more to working classes — and not to pander on polarizing hot-button cultural and social issues.
But it appears that Democrats may be on their way to another hard-left McGovern-style blowout.
Democrats are now even blaming Clinton for being too centrist rather than for running a terrible campaign. The newly elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Tom Perez, is a polarizing far-left figure.
The highest-profile Democratic-party supporters are increasingly smug Hollywood actors, rich Wall Street and Silicon Valley elitists, and embittered members of the media, along with careerist identity groups and assorted protest movements — a fossilized 1972 echo chamber.
Democrats’ politically correct messaging derides opponents as deplorable racists, sexists, bigots, xenophobes, homophobes, Islamophobes, and nativists. That shrill invective only further turns off Middle America. Being merely anti-Trump is no more a successful Democratic agenda than being anti-Nixon was in 1972.
Of course, anything can happen in politics.
Trump might not seek reelection, or he could become as unpopular as Lyndon Johnson. 
War or economic depression could overshadow politics.
The Democrats could find a charismatic candidate like Obama who could win on personal popularity.
Nonetheless, if in 2020 Democrats go hard-left as they did in 1972, then they will probably lose just as big.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won, to appear in October from Basic Books. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.
	 
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
We have had our differences with Ann Coulter over the years, differences that led to our eventually declining to continue publishing her work. She is charming and funny and sometimes brilliant. She is also a glib and irresponsible self-promoter. We suspect that she will not like having that written about her. We suspect that she might write something hostile in reply.
All of that will happen without the need for police supervision.
What has happened at Berkeley is an outrage. Coulter was invited to give a speech on campus, and left-wing terrorists threatened to use violence to prevent the event from taking place. The cowardice begins at the top, with the university administration and the Berkeley police department, who lack the courage and the commitment to principle necessary to discharge their official duties. But the Young America’s Foundation and the College Republicans, both of which withdrew their support for the event under duress, are not beyond criticism in this matter, either.
For those at Berkeley celebrating what they believe to be a moral victory, consider this: As much as you may detest Ann Coulter, she has never used violence or the threat of violence to keep someone from speaking. She is a better citizen than you are, with a deeper commitment to genuinely liberal and humane values. You may call yourselves the anti-fascists, but your black-shirt routine — along with your glorification of political violence and your rejection of liberal and democratic norms — suggest that the “anti” part of that formulation is not entirely appropriate. Perhaps you are only young and ignorant, but if you had any power of introspection at all, you would see that you are the thing you believe yourselves to be fighting. You are the oppressors, the censors, the violent, the hateful, the narrow-minded, the reactionary.
So, what now?
University of California system president Janet Napolitano should be dismissed. Napolitano used to head up the Department of Homeland Security. She had executive responsibility for keeping al-Qaeda out of New York and Washington, but she can’t secure a lecture hall on a California college campus? That beggars belief. The issue here is not an inability to act responsibly but an unwillingness to do so. She should go.
The Berkeley police department, which among other things has encouraged violent protests and cooperated with their organizers by offering to make “symbolic arrests,” also requires new management. It is engaged in systematic viewpoint discrimination in violation of federal law.
Congress, too, should consider ways to clamp down on this lawlessness. One possibility might be to make it costlier to colleges to censor than to uphold constitutional rights, perhaps by tying federal funding to their protection. Public institutions should be expected to live up to their public duties; when they fail to do so, sanction is appropriate.
As much as we are disgusted by the criminal antics in Berkeley, though, we also are more than a little embarrassed for the perpetrators. Mentally normal adults can have conversations about contentious issues without babysitters. The thumb-suckers at Berkeley and Middlebury and Yale cannot. But there is intellectual cowardice as well as physical cowardice, and in many ways the former is more debilitating than the latter.
This is a sorry show all around. The only person who emerges from this muck undiminished is Ann Coulter. But poetic justice for the prosaic is a high price to pay for the normalizing of political violence as an ordinary instrument of our public discourse.
Shame.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump wants to take the Canadians to the woodshed.
The Trump administration has announced that it intends to impose a silly and potentially destructive retaliatory tariff on imports of some Canadian timber, which U.S. timber companies insist — contrary to the facts — is unfairly subsidized by the Canadian government.
This is, unhappily, as familiar as it is foolish.
The U.S.–Canada “soft”-wood dispute (“soft” wood means wood from conifer trees) is very old, and it stems from the fact that timber is harvested differently in the two countries: In the United States, most timber is harvested on price land, where the “stumpage” price is relatively high; in Canada, most timber comes from Crown (i.e., public) lands, where costs are determined through an auction system, meaning that they reflect market rates. Canada is a big place with lots of trees and a population the size of California’s — and, as it turns out, it is a little less expensive to harvest wood in that context.
Wilbur Ross, the secretary of commerce, says that this dispute shows that the North American Free Trade Agreement is not working as it should. What it has shown is in fact the opposite: The question of Canadian timber subsidies has been challenged by the United States under both NAFTA and the World Trade Organization, and in both cases there were credible, fair-minded studies that concluded the U.S. complaints were without merit. That is exactly how these trade accords are supposed to work — but, sometimes, U.S. business interests will lose. And, sometimes, they deserve to.
The Trump administration is not the first to go down this road. The George W. Bush administration did the same thing, and it also presaged Trump’s fixation on steel imports. That did not start a destructive trade war, as critics feared, but neither did it achieve anything of real substance to benefit the U.S. economy. It is ordinary populist nonsense.
But the thing about populism is, it is popular.
Unless you buy a lot of wood. If you are a homebuilder, then the Trump administration is simply going out of its way to make your raw materials more expensive, taking the wood to your bottom line. Trump used to sympathize with those who put up buildings. But there are nefarious Canadians to be policed.
If this is simply Trump revisiting dumb ideas from previous administrations, then that is unfortunate but not unexpected. If this is the opening salvo in a campaign against NAFTA and the WTO, then that is another matter entirely, and a much more serious one. For the moment, there is not much reason to believe that this is much more than shallow symbolism in the service of populist rhetoric.
But shallow symbolism is not without costs. Tariffs are not a tax on foreigners. They are a tax on American consumers and, in the case of raw materials such as timber, a tax on American producers, too. They are a tax on American workers and a brake on the productivity of those workers. How many construction jobs would the Trump administration be willing to sacrifice in the cause of looking tough on . . . Canada?
Editor’s Note: This piece has been emended since its initial posting.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Call it bitter irony: While the Trump administration is still trying to figure out how to fund and pass a massive infrastructure bill, at least $20 billion worth of big energy-infrastructure projects — 15 of them in 14 states, all 100 percent privately funded and all holding the potential to create thousands of new construction jobs — are sitting in front of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, awaiting approval.
The commission isn’t simply choosing to stall the projects; it can’t approve them, because it needs a quorum of three commissioners to make an official decision and it’s been operating with only two since the beginning of February, while three empty seats are yet to be filled by President Trump.
This is an unbelievably vivid illustration of how few people around Trump understand the federal government they’ve been tasked with running. Getting three new commissioners confirmed to FERC isn’t sexy, it won’t get talked about on cable news, and it’s less fun than lashing out at the New York Times. But the consequences of failing to do so are real, as the thousands of unemployed manual laborers waiting for pipeline jobs can attest.
Three names have surfaced as likely nominees: Jones Day lawyer Kevin McIntyre, Pennsylvania public utility commissioner Robert Powelson, and Neil Chatterjee, a former adviser to Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell. The bad news is that none of them have been formally nominated, and no one is quite sure when their nominations might be sent to the Senate for confirmation.
“I think they’re just waiting until they’ve got everyone’s paperwork in order to announce,” says a well-placed Senate GOP source. “No other issues there that I’m aware of.”
This is the risk of putting a man with no governing experience in the White House, allowing him to surround himself with similarly inexperienced subordinates, and pitting said subordinates against one another almost as a matter of course: It appears that not enough people in the Trump’s orbit are attending to the basic, easily accomplished tasks that deserve a Republican administration’s focus.
The largest project comes from Driftwood LNG Pipeline, which has proposed a massive new liquid-natural-gas–export facility and pipelines near Lake Charles, La. The project is slated to cost anywhere from $13 billion to $16 billion and is expected to create approximately 6,400 jobs during construction and 400 permanent ones afterward.
Spire STL Pipeline wants to construct a new 66-mile steel pipeline running from Scott County, Ill., to St. Louis County, Mo. The $220 million project was originally scheduled to begin construction in February and be in service by November.
In the Northeast, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company wants to expand its transmission system in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and its offshore natural-gas–pipeline system in New Jersey and New York. This would require building new compressor units in Chester and Lancaster Counties, Pennsylvania. The project is scheduled to cost nearly $1 billion and was originally scheduled to be in service by December 2019.
Then there are the projects that aren’t even being submitted to FERC. Late last year, the commission rejected an initial plan from Veresen to build a gas-export terminal and 232 miles of pipeline in Oregon — a project that would have cost $7.6 billion — citing concerns about demand. The company believes it has addressed some of the agency’s concerns about a lack of overseas buyers, but there’s no point in sending a new proposal to a commission that lacks a quorum.
Louisiana, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan — these are all states that voted for Donald Trump in November, and it seems safe to assume they did so in part because of his pledge to bring back jobs and rejuvenate America’s energy industry. Yet energy-infrastructure projects in these states can’t get started because the Trump administration has failed to give FERC a quorum of commissioners.
Yes, potential administration nominees need vetting and background checks, and Trump didn’t come to Washington with a bulging Rolodex of policy wonks eager to work in government. But there’s evidence that the administration’s failure to fill FERC’s empty seats is due, at least in part, to basic inattentiveness and sloppiness. Asked about the slow pace of nominations and filling administrative jobs, a lobbyist told Politico earlier this month that, “Honestly, I don’t think it’s a huge priority for the White House.”
Ironically, the administration’s failure to nominate FERC commissioners who would enact its own priorities has brought about results its ideological foes prefer. Last September, Winona LaDuke, Ralph Nader’s erstwhile presidential running mate, lamented that so many oil and gas companies were attempting to expand pipelines across the country.
“All of the catastrophes that are happening elsewhere in the world have to do with the fact that North America is retooling its infrastructure and going after the dirtiest oil in the world,” LaDuke said, warning that America “will add hundreds of millions of tons of CO2 to the environment, if these pipelines are allowed through.”
Who could have guessed that all LaDuke needed to stop so many pipelines from going forward was an administration that couldn’t be bothered to fill a few bureaucratic vacancies?
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
For conservatives seeking a major victory, a great place to start would be to fix the mess of energy subsidies and regulations that have accumulated over the past eight years. In the years since Barack Obama took office, there were $548 billion in energy and environment regulations finalized, and the projected budget currently estimates at least $250 billion in federal energy subsidies.
Attempts to eliminate these regulations and subsidies have been hampered by conservatives’ lack of an overarching vision for energy policy. While the Left is happy to use regulation to promote specific forms of energy they find ideologically appealing, the response from conservatives all too often has been to weakly offer the “all of the above” catchphrase as a counterweight.
Even worse, conservatives sometimes have played the Left’s game in reverse, using government to promote their own favored forms of energy, rather than to promote competition and markets. For example, while criticizing the tax credits for wind and solar power, conservatives have embraced subsidies for carbon capture and sequestration and government regulation on nuclear insurance.
Conservative principles uphold free markets, competition, and the rule of law — yet too many conservatives are content to get their electricity from regulated monopolies, or build infrastructure under outdated regulatory-approval processes that take, on average, 70 months to complete. While conservatives can be bellicose about ending the “war on coal,” they have placed far less emphasis on the benefits of policies to improve liquidity in natural-gas markets. Responding to challenges in the energy sphere one issue at a time results in many conservatives missing the forest for the trees and not talking enough about what pro-market energy policy looks like.
Unwittingly, in conservatives’ quest for equal treatment of different energy sources, they have adopted policies that reinforce government’s role in dictating energy outcomes. Even when Republicans showed budget discipline in 2015 by finally putting a sunset on several production and investment tax credits, they did so without ending all subsidies for wind and solar. The result is entrenched government preference for already mature wind and solar technologies, and stymied competition from emerging technologies, such as fuel cells and geothermal, that would benefit the most from the tax credits.
Conservatives sorely need to define an energy narrative rooted in market principles. It should be one that centers on quality institutions and policies that leverage competition and consumer choice. Markets, not mandates or subsidies, will drive cost reductions, innovations, and deployment of clean technologies. An incrementalistic approach — one that seeks to level the subsidy playing field or merely to pare back Obama’s regulatory legacy — will do little to foster the conditions needed for the sorts of innovation that both the Right and Left seek.
Progressives who favor heavy regulation and energy subsidies had a field day during Obama’s presidency. However, regulators likely overstated the net benefits of regulations, and the Clean Power Plan would have accomplished little, at high cost, while proving legally vulnerable and politically unstable. An analysis of President Obama’s environmental legacy by the American Action Forum found the negative effect of regulations on economic growth led to forgone environmental benefits (richer economies tend to value clean air more and emit less relative to production), and led to regulations that were about half as effective as claimed on paper.
Subsidies also have been inefficient. The National Academy of Sciences found that production and investment tax credits for wind and solar reduced carbon dioxide emissions at a cost of a whopping $250 per ton. A 2015 Congressional Budget Office report acknowledged that tax credits are less effective at achieving policy goals than alternative, market-driven policies. An AAF analysis of tax credits for renewables found the costs to taxpayers rose at a faster rate than the renewable energy output, indicating declining performance of the subsidies.
The Left’s focus on energy policy has been costly, with poor outcomes. The Democratic party has an official policy to cut pollution from energy use through regulation and subsidies, yet another AAF analysis revealed no pathway exists to achieve those stated objectives via regulation. Even assuming the targets were achievable at costs similar to past regulations, the economic costs of the regulatory burden would exceed $7 trillion.
Conservatives should seek opportunities to shed regulations and subsidies in favor of market-oriented policies. This means a plan to phase out distortionary tax preferences completely. Expanding full-cost expensing in the tax code would boost R&D fairly and efficiently. Additional R&D benefits would come from shifting Department of Energy priorities from applied research toward basic research.
Opportunities to cut red tape abound, from hydroelectric and advanced nuclear licensing to modernizing the Clean Air Act. Removing regulatory barriers to entry for unconventional technologies (such as energy storage) in wholesale electricity markets would help level the playing field. Rethinking counterproductive energy-efficiency regulations — which reduce incentives for innovation and risk taking with new technologies — should also be a part of the equation.
Conservatives should also protect and enhance competitive energy markets. A report from the R Street Institute found that competitive electricity markets cut costs while boosting innovation and environmental quality. Strengthening these markets, while minimizing political interventions like power-plant bailouts, is crucial to the performance of the electricity industry. Improving rules that affect price formation in electricity markets will also help stimulate efficient investments.
Conservatives have an opportunity to retake the energy narrative with a platform that favors competition and choice. It would be a return to conservative basics, where industries and technologies excel on their merits, not political popularity. In so doing, conservatives will advance the American economy and their political interests well into the future.
— Philip Rossetti is a data analyst at the American Action Forum; Devin Hartman is electricity policy manager and senior fellow with the R Street Institute.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
In New York City’s government-run education system, as a general rule, you can guess how bad the school is by how grand and imposing its name is. At the High School for Law and Community Service in the Bronx, the college-readiness rate of students leaving high school last year was 6.5 percent. Brooklyn’s Academy for Young Writers isn’t exactly delivering the next generation of Jonathan Franzens and Zadie Smiths: Only 12.3 percent of their class of 2016 was deemed ready for college, according to the city’s own figures, and Brooklyn’s Victory Collegiate High School is, naturally, a special favorite among the irony gods, with 2.7 percent of its seniors ready for college.
As for the graduation rates of these schools? Eighty-one percent, 86 percent, and 76 percent, respectively. In the city’s many badly served neighborhoods, schools are handing out diplomas like participation ribbons and booting woefully unprepared high-school seniors out the door. Ready or not, world, here they come.
In grades three to eight, only 36 percent of kids in New York City Department of Education schools are earning a passing score in math. In English, the pass rate was 38 percent. Among black students, the numbers are absolutely dreadful: Twenty percent pass the math test; 27 percent, English. Progressive ideals are firmly in place when it comes to the tests, by the way: New York State has been making the tests progressively easier to pass, the New York Post reported in December 2015. This, in a system that spends $23,516 per pupil. New Yorkers are paying Le Bernardin prices for a 13-year garbage buffet of public schooling. Mayor Bill de Blasio’s latest “reform”? To add a 14th year spent rubbish-savoring.
De Blasio, who believes he has not been given sufficient credit by the public for instituting a citywide pre-K program for four-year-olds, has just announced a plan to offer a year of pre-pre-K: public school for all three-year-olds. The mayor’s children are grown, so he seems to have forgotten that three-year-old toddlers aren’t exactly inclined to sit still and study the solar system. Managing the chaos and hanging on till naptime is about the best their minders can hope for; this is simply a proposal for free day care, a handout, a new entitlement for every family in the city, even the ones that could easily afford to pay for their own child care.
It’s unclear how serious De Blasio, who is up for reelection in November, is about the proposal. He promises the program will be up and running in four years, but he is term-limited to only four more years in office. Also, there’s a little matter of funding. He says he has found $36 million in the city budget to pay for pre-pre-K, but the program will cost some $1.1 billion. Even by New York standards, it takes chutzpah to promise voters something that is 97 percent unfunded.
The mayor is relying on an outside stash to pay for the idea: He’s asking the state and federal government to kick in most of the money. Angelina Jolie might as well ask Jennifer Aniston to buy her a new yacht, because de Blasio is bitter enemies with the chief executives of both of those governments. President Trump seems disinclined to shower de Blasio with federal lucre. The mayor is looking at a projected $3.8 billion budget deficit in two years, so dreaming big is probably not on the agenda.
Not that pre-pre-K would even be much of a solution to New York’s schooling problem. The New York Times, cheering de Blasio along, notes that “the long-term benefit of early childhood education, particularly for low-income children, is one of the few things most [education] experts agree on.” Oh, really? The only one of the supposedly multitudinous studies the paper cites, by the University of Chicago’s James J. Heckman, is based on two experiments that started in North Carolina in the 1970s. The Times omits to tell us how many children were involved in these studies: Fifty-three in one group, 17 in the other.
Even if you find these studies persuasive, wouldn’t you want to see some intermediate demonstration of success before committing $1.1 billion a year? Moreover, the extremely intensive nature of the schooling and mentoring in that tiny study doesn’t sound like anything that’s likely to be replicated by the New York City Department of Education, as attested by tales of the infamous “rubber room” — where under-investigation teachers sit for years, with full pay for no work, while the teachers’ union does its best to keep them from ever getting fired. In larger studies, the evidence is at best mixed that pre-K schooling provides any lasting benefit whatsoever. Head Start, a 45-year, $7-billion-a-year experiment, had such pathetic results that even liberal Time writer Joe Klein said it should be abolished, noting that any benefits to the kids had vanished by the end of first grade.
If de Blasio were really interested in improving the quality of public education in New York City, rather than using an imaginary check signed by Donald Trump to pay for union jobs for his base and a free babysitting entitlement for parents of three-year-olds, he could make a move that would cost him nothing whatsoever: Expand the artificially limited access to the charter schools that spend less per pupil than the DOE schools while producing results that are often spectacular. There is enough space in Department of Education schools for 144,000 more charter students, families are clamoring to get a seat at the charters, but they’re bitterly opposed by Mayor de Blasio’s friends in the teachers’ union. When it comes down to a battle between the mayor’s political allies and the actual interests of New York City schoolchildren, though, even a graduate of the Victory Collegiate High School can guess how that’ll turn out.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On Saturday, leftists around the nation took to the streets to sound off about their new religion: Science™! No, not testable hypotheses and well-constructed experiments. Science™! You know, like gay rights and abortion and global redistributionism and dying polar bears ’n’ stuff.
Leading the charge was eminent scientific revolutionary Bill Nye the Science Guy, a mechanical-engineering-degree holder who got famous as a children’s television presenter. Nye was a keynoter at the March for Science, where he stated, “We are marching today to remind people everywhere, our lawmakers especially, of the significance of science for our health and prosperity.” What sort of science was Nye standing up to defend? Budget increases for the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institutes of Health, of course! He explained how all of this was scientific and not political: “Somewhere along the way, there has developed this idea that if you believe something hard enough, it’s as true as things discovered through the process of science. And I will say that’s objectively wrong.”
Belief isn’t science.
This is a good point.
Unfortunately, Nye followed up his widely praised appearance at the March for Science by unleashing a video that destroyed the Internet, from his new show Bill Nye Saves the World. He trotted out Crazy Ex-Girlfriend actress Rachel Bloom to sing a “very special” song (Nye’s words). She warbled:
Science™!
If this seems rather unscientific to you — if you wonder why a talking vagina with obvious self-control problems is being trotted out by the self-proclaimed Science Guy — you’re not alone. You’re rational. You might even be using some scientific thinking. But this is demonstrative of the Left’s take on science: Science is actually just the name for anything the Left likes. Worried about the humanity of an unborn child? Concerned that fetuses have their own blood types and their own DNA? Stop it! You’re quoting science, not Science™! Wondering how it is that a genetic male is actually a woman? You’re worrying about science, not Science™!
This is the dirty little secret of the Left’s sudden embrace of Science™ — it’s not science they support, but religion. They support that which they believe but cannot prove and do not care about proving. Bill Nye isn’t interested in a scientific debate about global warming — how much is occurring, the measurement techniques at issue, the sensitivity of the climate to carbon emissions, the range of factors that affect the climate. He wants you to accept his version of the truth — not just that global warming is happening, but that massive government intervention is necessary in order to avert imminent global catastrophe.
Such government solutions aren’t verifiably scientific. They are speculative. But that speculation has costs, particularly to the most impoverished people on the planet, who benefit from cheap carbon-based fuels. Even if you accept the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change estimate that sea levels will rise by two feet over the course of the rest of the century and the temperature will rise about 7 degrees Fahrenheit, there is reason to question, as Oren Cass points out, whether or not massive government intervention is necessary or even justifiable.
But the Left refuses to acknowledge such questions. It makes you a “denier” to disagree with the Left’s conclusions, just as it makes you a cruel person to wonder whether gun control will actually lower the American murder rate. Science, in other words, is just a baton for the Left.
A decade ago, the Left declared President Bush anti-science for his restrictions on the use of new federally funded fetal-stem-cell lines. They claimed that Bush hated science, that fetal stem cells were the wave of the future, that Bush was a “moral ayatollah,” in the words of Senator Tom Harkin (D., Iowa). Democrats ran on the promise that if Bush were thrown out of office in 2004, they’d make Christopher Reeve walk again using fetal stem cells. But it turned out that fetal stem cells were unnecessary to scientific research — scientists came up with an embryo-free process to produce genetically matched stem cells. As Charles Krauthammer, no religious fundamentalist, wrote at the time: “Rarely has a president — so vilified for a moral stance — been so thoroughly vindicated. Why? Precisely because he took a moral stance.”
In other words, Bush didn’t rely on science to give him his values. Nor should he have. Science is incapable of making value-laden decisions. There are plenty of ob-gyns who know better than the most pro-life conservative just how complex life is in the womb, yet they will perform abortions — science hasn’t dictated their behavior. The Nazis were famously pro-science, declaring that science itself mandated the killing of the “unfit” for the strengthening of the race; their racism was supposedly scientific.
That’s why the March for Science is such foolishness. If the march were simply focused on advocacy for increased EPA funding, that would be political, not scientific; if the marchers were demanding more funding for the NIH, that too would be political, but with a stronger scientific component. But the March for Science was actually a march for Science™: The Leftist Religion — and that leftist religion isn’t interested in science in the slightest. It’s simplistic and simple-minded virtue signaling.
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Since the 1988 GOP convention, I have been quoting George Bush (the Elder). It was at that convention that he first accepted the presidential nomination.
He asked a question, essentially: Is America “another pleasant country on the U.N. roll call, somewhere between Albania and Zimbabwe”? Or is America “the leader, a unique nation with a special role in the world”?
This question is ever more pertinent. It roils the Right. It will be debated, passionately, for some time to come, I think.
Last month, Speaker Paul Ryan tweeted out a picture of himself, standing with three other men. He wrote, “The U.S. believes in strengthening the security & sovereignty of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Glad to meet with their foreign ministers.”
I expressed my appreciation of Ryan’s statement — which provoked this response, among others: “Now how about working to strengthen US security and sovereignty, Mr. Speaker?”
It is up to people such as Paul Ryan (and scribes like me, I suppose) to explain to people the connection between our success and others’. I used to assume such an understanding. No longer. The elementary has to be explained over, and over, and over again. Not least to rising generations.
For a while, Barbara Bush, the former first lady, was opposing a run for president by her son Jeb. Someone threw this in the former governor’s face. He shrugged and said, “Everyone has a mother.”
So true. And everyone has a father, too. I thought of this when reading about Jean-Marie Le Pen’s response to his daughter’s presidential campaign. Not Trump-like enough, he harrumphed. Should be more like Trump.
Everybody has parents (not all of them as difficult as Jean-Marie) …
President Trump gave an interview to the Associated Press. He spoke about the difference between his former work and his present work. “Pretty much everything you do in government involves heart,” he said, “whereas in business most things don’t involve heart. In fact, in business you’re actually better off without it.”
I wonder what businessmen would say about this. (I’m not one, alas.) I further wonder what Republicans would say if a left-wing president said this.
Bill Buckley once began a column like this (I’m going from memory): “If you’re looking for a handy way to curb the population explosion, try the death penalty for anybody who says, ‘But do the ends justify the means?’”
I say: If you’re looking for a way to curb the population explosion — or simply for a way to blow off steam — try the death penalty for makers of news sites that, without your asking, start to play videos.
Ay.
In comments to students recently, I mentioned that America was an unusually prosperous country. For example, one of the biggest problems of the poor is obesity. This is something unprecedented in human history.
The students explained to me that there was such a thing as “food deserts” in America. Okay.
I thought of them when reading about South Sudan — which is a real food desert. Horrendous.
Was very interested to read about the governor of Kentucky. Who tried to adopt a kid, right there in Kentucky, and couldn’t. But could in Ethiopia.
I am not an expert, so I should probably keep my mouth shut: but my impression is that our adoption system, generally, is a farce and a disgrace. And no friend to children needing adoption.
Here is a Trump tweet: “Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!” I thought, “Where is his umbrella?”
Infamously, in announcing peace with Germany, Neville Chamberlain was holding an umbrella (his trademark umbrella). Which leads me to tell a story. A story I got from Van Galbraith.
Van was a great friend of Bill Buckley, of National Review, and of the world at large. Under Reagan, he was ambassador to France. And one day, the president came to the house — the ambassadorial residence in Paris.
He looked at a portrait on the wall — a portrait of a lady. “Who’s that?” he asked. “Neville Chamberlain’s mother,” Van answered. Reagan thought for a second and said, “Where’s her umbrella?”
Ildar Dadin is a Russian democracy activist and a former political prisoner. I wrote about him here. Recently, he was given a Freedom of Expression Award by Index on Censorship, a British group. He was not able to travel to accept it — because Russian authorities refused to let him out.
What are they afraid of? And how much like the Soviets do they wish to be?
At the beginning of this month, I was at Northwood University, in Michigan (my home state). I met a young woman named Ilia. “Ah, a Mozart name!” I said. Ilia appears in the opera Idomeneo.
I also know a young woman named Despina (a Così fan tutte name). She is a Greek American.
I was at Northwood to talk about my book Children of Monsters: An Inquiry into the Sons and Daughters of Dictators. And you could have blown me down: Before my talk, a woman approached me. She was from Romania. She had been a defector, or a refugee, with her husband. And her husband knew the Ceausescu children (who of course figure in my book).
There were some questions I couldn’t get the answers to, when I was researching my book. This lady? She knew a couple of them.
Extraordinary.
After my talk, I met another lady — from Serbia. She knew about Milosevic (who is not in my book, but still). She had a school friend who tangled with both Milosevic’s son and Milosevic himself.
Again, extraordinary. I am so glad I traveled to Northwood (for myriad reasons).
I got a letter from a wise professor emeritus at a university in New England. He said,
Very, very well worded.
Two kinds of people: victims and oppressors. I swear, I thought of Bob Novak, the late political journalist. He said that, as far as he was concerned, “there are two kinds of people in this town [Washington]: sources and targets.”
So, this kid was driving across Australia. He was a twelve-year-old boy. He had already gone 800 miles. And they stopped him, for driving without a license. (To read a news story, go here.)
What? A twelve-year-old kid can’t drive across Australia by himself? What has Oz come to? What has happened to rugged individualism? Australia, a nanny state! MAGA!
I was interested to know about Harry Huskey, a pioneering computer scientist. He has died at 101. In 1950, he was on You Bet Your Life. And Groucho made some cracks about the work that Dr. Huskey was doing. But he also said that it was “worthwhile work which will make life easier and better for all of us.”
Dang. Yup.
Got a letter from a reader who said he was watching The Last Man on Earth, a comedy series. One episode showed a bookcase — in which was a book by John Yoo. And a collection of mine from 2007: Here, There & Everywhere.
Really? Holy smokes. John and I have perhaps achieved immortality …
On an airplane, I was sitting next to a man who was reading a newspaper, and crinkling it (naturally). I thought: “This will be regarded as a sound from the past. We’re almost there.” Amazing.
A little music? I loved a statement from Esa-Pekka Salonen, in an interview. Salonen is a well-known conductor and composer. Listen to this:
Trust me, this is an explosive statement. Nice goin’, maestro.
A little language? The other day, it occurred to me that, when people say “I take no pleasure in …,” they are usually taking pleasure in it. So I vowed that I myself would never say it.
But, honestly, I take no pleasure in saying goodbye to you. Thanks, dear readers, and catch you soon.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
One hundred years ago today, Temperance and William Fitzgerald had a baby girl in Newport News, Va. They named her Ella Jane. The proud parents could not know that their daughter would grow up to become a beloved artist, a principal architect of jazz, and, as is widely recognized, the finest female vocalist of the 20th century.
Appropriately enough, the jazz world has spent recent weeks marking the centennial of Ella Fitzgerald with concerts, broadcasts, exhibits, and other celebrations. As much as she is revered today, Ella distinguished herself from the very beginning.
At age 17, she entered an Amateur Night contest at Harlem’s Apollo Theater in 1934. She planned to impress the audience as a dancer. Luckily for everyone, the noted Edwards Sisters spun and twirled their way across the stage, just before Ella went on. Judging them a tough act to follow, and with her legs shaking with fear, Ella quickly switched gears. She gave her dancing shoes a rest and sang Hoagy Carmichael’s “Judy,” one of her mother’s favorite pieces. Smart move! Ella wowed the crowd, which demanded three encores. She won the $25 first prize and, more important, captured the attention of audience member Benny Carter, a saxophonist, early champion, and lifelong collaborator.
The victory that Ella garnered the first time she sang publically was far from the last. She advanced to even greater glory:
Just three years after her Apollo Theater debut, Ella was named Down Beat magazine’s Top Female Vocalist for 1937.
The night in 1958 when the first Grammy Awards were handed out, Ella scored two statuettes. She won eleven more, as late in her career as 1990.
When Ella received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1979, fellow vocalist Peggy Lee noted that when experts are asked, “Who is the greatest jazz singer of our time? . . . .The first reaction is always, ‘Well, you mean aside from Ella, right?’” Lee continued, “Well, that’s closer than most of us would like to admit. She has become, in her time, the standard by which all of the rest of us are measured, and that’s as it should be.”
President Reagan bestowed the National Medal of Arts on Ella in 1987.
“I’m just so thrilled today, sitting right next to the president,” she said, according to UPI. “This has been a big lift.”
President Reagan bestows the National Medal of Arts on Ella Fitzgerald, June 18, 1987. (Photo courtesy Ronald Reagan Presidential Library)
George H. W. Bush awarded Ella Fitzgerald the Presidential Medal of Freedom, America’s highest civilian honor. The 1992 proclamation read:
By her website’s count, Ella produced some 200 records that sold a combined 40 million copies.
“Along with Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald is the artist who shaped modern popular singing,” said Roberta Gambarini, a Grammy-nominated jazz vocalist and guest artist with Celebrating Ella: The First Lady of Jazz, this week at Manhattan’s Jazz at Lincoln Center. “Her influence goes far beyond the musical language defined as jazz. Duke Ellington was well aware of this fact when he dubbed her ‘Beyond Category.’”
“In many ways, she provided the blueprint for all of the great American artists who came after her,” Gambarini continued. “In addition to jazz musicians, it is no surprise, that her genius has inspired a myriad of other artists such as Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, Willie Nelson, Tony Bennett, and many, many more.”
Ella did not sing in a vacuum. As magical as her voice was, it was accompanied and augmented by players, bandleaders, and arrangers who became jazz legends in their own right. A huge part of what makes Ella so special is her own unmatched sound swinging to the instruments of incredibly skilled artists in ensembles both large and small. Her unforgettable efforts combine this creative energy in ways that brighten the darkest days and buoy the most  sunken spirits.
These are a few of my favorite things that Ella recorded:
“St. Louis Blues” from Ella in Rome: The Birthday Concert (1988). This long-unreleased 1958 performance finds Ella at the Teatro Sistina delivering a stunning rendition of a W. C. Handy classic. As if she were piloting a jumbo jet, Ella eases gently from the airport gate: “I hate to see that evening sun go down.” Her cadence picks up as she taxis down the runway. “Got the St. Louis blues, blue as I can be.” Soon, she launches into a burst of scat singing that speeds the entire vehicle into the heavens. The effect cannot be transcribed.
“Mack the Knife” from Ella in Berlin (1960). When Ella appeared at West Berlin’s Deutschlandhalle, Bobby Darin’s version of Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill’s “Mack the Knife” was a worldwide hit. As Ella prepared to unveil that tune, she told the audience, “We hope we can remember all the words.” Ella begins with great confidence. “Ahhhh . . . Sunday. Sunday morning,” she ad libs before long, and then returns to the proper lyrics. A few moments later: “Oh, what’s the next chorus to this song now? This is the one now, I don’t know.”
Ella’s quartet plays along elegantly, as if everything were perfectly normal. Ella, the consummate professional, keeps calm and carries on. She invents her owns words that rhyme and fit the song’s rhythm. “Something about cash,” she improvises. What could have been a musical bus crash wound up as a pure delight. Amazingly enough, this exquisitely rescued, error-driven track won Ella the Grammy for Best Female Vocal Performance.
“Happy Blues” from Ella in London (1974). While most blues songs chronicle misery and despair, albeit often with a darkly comic touch, there is not a drop of misfortune in this number. Instead, Ella sings joyfully as her band plays bouncy, finger-popping riffs, to the enchantment of a crowd that claps along at Ronnie Scott’s nightclub in London. “Snappy, Happy. Happy snappy. That’s me!”
“Midnight Sun” from For the Love of Ella (1990). Ella’s voice somehow seems three-dimensional on this Sonny Burke/Lionel Hampton/Johnny Mercer ballad. Assisted on this 1964 session by the Nelson Riddle Orchestra and Frank Flynn’s vibraphone, Ella makes these lovely lyrics downright haunting.
“Don’t Mean a Thing” from Ella & Duke at The Côte d’Azur (1997)
Ella blends her enormous talents with those of Duke Ellington, one of jazz’s two dads, as documentarian Ken Burns proved him to be in his landmark PBS series Ken Burns Jazz. As Ellington’s orchestra swings away, Ella scats up a storm, to the elation of the audience in Juan-Les-Pins, France, in 1966.
“They All Laughed” from Ella and Louis Again (1957). Ella joins forces with jazz’s other dad, Louis Armstrong. Ella and Louis sound like old friends reminiscing. Their shared warmth pours right through their microphones into your mind. This song’s very clever lyrics recall how critics often dismiss the early works of the mighty, who eventually surprise the naysayers with their success. (“They all laughed at Christopher Columbus/When he said the world was round/They all laughed when Edison recorded sound.”) Such tales, this tune teaches, should encourage lovers who trigger initial doubts in the eyes of others.
“The Lady is a Tramp” from Frank Sinatra: A Man and His Music + Ella + Jobim (1967). The premiere male and female vocalists of the 20th Century appear together on this NBC-TV special and perform at the height of their powers. They are high class, completely relaxed, and totally at ease with each other. Their mutual respect and affection are deeply touching. With the assistance, once again, of the Nelson Riddle Orchestra, Frank and Ella breeze through this charming song with little more apparent effort than if they were inhaling and exhaling on beach towels.
Norman Granz, Ella’s manager, united her with the finest arrangers and bandleaders of the 1950s and early ’60s. Together, they created entire albums for Verve Records that each focused solely on a noted songwriter (or songwriting duo) whose music and lyrics contributed to The Great American Songbook. Ella’s renditions of these selections became definitive, once they enjoyed her touch. Ira Gershwin once remarked, “I never knew how good our songs were until I heard Ella Fitzgerald sing them.”
In addition to Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George & Ira Gershwin Song Book, she released similar recordings dedicated to the compositions of Harold Arlen, Irving Berlin, Duke Ellington, Jerome Kern, Johnny Mercer, and Rodgers and Hart.
In addition to her stellar voice, Ella’s diction was superb. If she merely were a public speaker, she would have been called highly articulate. The result: These songwriters’ lyrics are presented with total clarity and perfect enunciation. This was true from the first album in this series, 1956’s Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Cole Porter Songbook, which entered the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2000. In Ella’s hands, and with charts by conductor Buddy Bregman, such spectacular Porter lyrics as these — from “Always True to You in My Fashion” — are utterly irresistible:
From “I Am in Love,” Ella’s vocal chords also work wonders with these pearls from Porter’s pen:
There is so much more to say about Ella Fitzgerald. For my part, I only will add that I twice was fortunate enough to see her live — once at Radio City Music Hall and once at the Hollywood Bowl. At about age 73, she was visibly frail in the early 1990s. But even that late in her life, she had the voice of that teenage girl who stepped off the stage of the Apollo Theater and transformed herself into one of the most generous gifts that America has offered the world.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff provided research for this article.



ARTICLE
This weekend, the New York Times scraped the fresh scabs off Democrats’ wounds from 2016. In an extended piece, the Times provided us with the best account so far of the deliberations inside the FBI as it investigated Hillary Clinton and debated how best to announce the results of that investigation to the public. It should surprise no one that there wasn’t exactly a playbook for handling a serious criminal investigation of a major-party nominee for president, and neither the Department of Justice nor the Federal Bureau of Investigation observed standard operating procedures.
At the beginning, the DOJ toned down its public statements on the Clinton probe, calling it a “matter” rather than an investigation, even as the FBI possessed a document by a Democratic operative that implied that Attorney General Loretta Lynch wouldn’t allow the investigation to derail Clinton’s campaign. When Bill Clinton turned up in Lynch’s airplane, it caused understandable dismay inside the FBI, and Comey became convinced that he should announce the results of the investigation rather than the attorney general.
Later, when potentially relevant e-mails were unexpectedly discovered on Anthony Weiner’s laptop, the FBI faced an agonizing choice: Should it disclose that it had re-opened the investigation?
The question consumed hours of conference calls and meetings. Agents felt they had two options: Tell Congress about the search, which everyone acknowledged would create a political furor, or keep it quiet, which followed policy and tradition but carried its own risk, especially if the F.B.I. found new evidence in the emails.
“In my mind at the time, Clinton is likely to win,” Mr. Steinbach said. “It’s pretty apparent. So what happens after the election, in November or December? How do we say to the American public: ‘Hey, we found some things that might be problematic. But we didn’t tell you about it before you voted’? The damage to our organization would have been irreparable.”
Comey chose to disclose, and the rest is history. Here’s FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver making the succinct case that Comey’s letter to Congress could have turned the election:
In an election this close, it seems foolish to argue that the Comey letter didn’t make some difference, but it’s equally foolish to pretend that lots of other things didn’t make an equal or bigger difference. As for blame? Well, that’s easy:
It was all Hillary Clinton’s fault. All of it.
She made the decision to flout standard practice, sound policy, good sense, and the law by setting up a homebrew server and using a private e-mail for official business, including the sending and receiving of classified information.
She made the decision to lie, repeatedly, about what she’d done.
She made the decision to press forward with her campaign and pressure Democratic leaders (including superdelegates) to join her team while misleading them every step of the way.
She led the Democratic party off the 2016 cliff.
In all these things, of course, she was merely imitating the master manipulator, her own husband. Remember how skillfully Bill Clinton transformed the public debate over his own perjury? Remember how he and his team coaxed a sympathetic press into making the propriety of the investigation the main story, rather than the underlying tawdriness and corruption of his conduct?
This is the Clinton way. This is what they do. They do what they want, when they want, how they want, and then indignantly demand that everyone else conduct themselves with maximum restraint and with complete consideration of the Clinton family’s political goals. In other words, they embrace vice while demanding compliance and cooperation from everyone else, including law enforcement.
In reality, vice tends to leave virtue with a dilemma. Hillary Clinton’s misconduct put the DOJ and the FBI in an impossible position: What do you do when a presidential candidate herself is under known criminal investigation, and when the public is broadly aware of extraordinarily damaging facts about the candidate’s conduct? Do you quietly close it with minimal comment, or do you address the facts? What do you do when you re-open an investigation you publicly closed? These are the choices Hillary forced on the FBI and the DOJ.
There may come a time to more fully evaluate the FBI’s conduct toward the Trump team, but we don’t have nearly enough facts to make the kind of judgments we can make regarding the investigation of Clinton’s e-mail scandal. Clinton evaded prosecution on the strength of her name and through the horrible precedent set by the DOJ’s deal with David Petraeus. She should be grateful that she’s not in prison, not outraged that she’s not president. She brought this all on herself.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
In January 2016, the Obama administration released seven Iranian-born prisoners in what President Barack Obama called a “one-time” “humanitarian gesture” intended to sweeten the nuclear deal hammered out between Washington, D.C., and Tehran. The prisoners — who Josh Earnest insisted were guilty only of “sanctions violations or violations of the trade embargo” — were exchanged for five Americans, unjustly held by Iran since as early as 2011. In fact, some of the Iranian prisoners were national-security threats, and it wasn’t a straight prisoner swap: The Wall Street Journal revealed that on the day of the exchange the U.S. flew $400 million in cash on an unmarked cargo plane to Iran.
When it came to its negotiations with Iran, duplicity was the hallmark of the previous administration’s public statements. (Sanctimonious preening was a close second.) But supporters assured skeptics that the administration was acting in the country’s best national-security interests. Now comes a new bombshell investigation that shows the lengths to which the previous administration went to secure Iranian cooperation, even when it meant putting American security at risk.
According to an investigation by Politico, in addition to the prisoner release, the Justice Department quietly “dropped charges and international arrest warrants against 14 other men, all of them fugitives.” Several of them were wanted for alleged roles in helping to funnel materiel to Iran-backed terror outfits, such as Hezbollah, or for participating in the global network to procure components for Iran’s nuclear program. One was believed to have helped supply Shiite militias in Iraq with a particularly deadly type of IED — one that killed “hundreds” of American troops. Furthermore:
As Politico says, “through action in some cases and inaction in others, the White House derailed its own much-touted National Counterproliferation Initiative at a time when it was making unprecedented headway in thwarting Iran’s proliferation networks.”
Last Tuesday, facing a deadline, the Trump administration certified that Iran is compliant with the terms of the deal, and extended sanctions relief. However, at a press conference the following day, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the deal “fails to achieve the objective of a non-nuclear state,” and announced that the administration is reviewing the deal. President Trump has said that Iran is “not living up to the spirit of” the deal.
This is a fitting criticism, given that the “letter” of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) was written narrowly, so as to make it as easy as possible for Iran to comply; the central concerns were handled in side deals, negotiated in secret and never disclosed. (Notice a trend?) Meanwhile, the JCPOA remains almost entirely toothless. Under the deal, the mullahs in Tehran have to wait a few years until they can continue enriching uranium, but they are charging ahead with efforts to weaponize the fissile material Iran has (at military facilities such as Parchin, which have been subject to “self-inspection”) and to develop ballistic missiles to carry nuclear warheads, when the time comes. And, of course, this work is being facilitated by American largesse through the relaxed sanctions regime.
President Trump has declared, on more than a few occasions, that when it comes to dealings with foreign powers, he will aim to put American interests first. He could start with Iran. The JCPOA has not stopped Iran’s saber-rattling or its material support for terrorist outfits throughout the Middle East, and it has only slightly delayed Iran’s nuclear calendar. The security of the United States and its allies requires an aggressive, tough-minded approach to the hostile regime in Tehran, one that deals with that regime as it is, not as we wish it were.
Barack Obama, John Kerry, and the rest of the foreign-policy team that crafted the nuclear deal with Iran grossly misled the American people. This deal is a calamity for our national-security interests, and with this latest revelation, that is clearer than ever.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Michael Ron David Kadar is a Jewish, American-Israeli dual citizen. Federal prosecutors charged him on Friday with threatening violence against 245 Jewish community centers, Hebrew schools, offices of the Anti-Defamation League, and other Judaic targets.
Kenneth E. Blanco, of the U.S. Justice Department’s Criminal Division, said that Kadar used voice-alteration technology, phony Internet-provider addresses, Bitcoin virtual currency, caller-ID spoofing, and other “extraordinary steps to conceal his identity and location.” However, as the Washington Post reported, here is how the 18-year-old labeled a computer file detailing his nefarious activities: “Bomb threats to Jewish Institutions.”
Such sloppiness is just the beginning of why charges against Kadar did not go the way that Trump haters might have hoped. Since Donald J. Trump was elected president of the United States, his detractors have tried relentlessly to blame Trump and his supporters for a supposedly organic spike in anti-Semitic phone calls, bomb threats, and similar ugliness.
“The anti-Semitism coming out of this administration is the worst we have ever seen from any administration,” Steven Goldstein, executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect, complained in February. The Arizona Republic’s Steve Montini piled on: “Trump is ultimately to blame for the rash of bomb threats at Jewish community centers and the desecration of Jewish cemeteries.”
But the facts refuse to cooperate with the Left’s desperate desire to equate Trump’s fans with the Nazis and Trump himself with der Führer. In fact, Refuse Fascism activist Sunsara Taylor told Fox News Channel’s Tucker Carlson on February 22 that Trump is “more dangerous than Hitler ever could have been.” She concluded this on Day 34 of Trump’s term. That seems rather early to have reached this conclusion, even assuming the very worst of America’s 45th president.
And, of course, Trumpophobes conveniently forget that the supposedly Jew-hating Trump hosted a kosher wedding for his Jewish-convert daughter Ivanka and orthodox-Jewish son-in-law, Jared – one of his top advisers – and repeatedly denounced these anti-Semitic episodes, which only enflamed his foes even further.
Here then, are the raving Trumpites and rabid white supremacists so far accused of perpetrating this greatest tsunami of anti-Semitism since 1945:
First, the aforementioned American-Israeli Jew. Kadar’s alleged crimes are chilling. According to a federal criminal complaint, he phoned ADL offices throughout Florida and told them that explosions or mass shootings were about to occur. Prosecutors also say that he called the Maimonides Hebrew Day School in Fort Meyers, Fla. He informed them that a “C-4 bomb” soon would slaughter the campus’ Jewish students and “blow their heads off.”
“This kind of behavior is not a prank, and it isn’t harmless,” FBI Director James Comey said. “It’s a federal crime. It scares innocent people, disrupts entire communities, and expends limited law enforcement resources.”
Second, Andrew King, 54, a Jewish man in Schenectady, N.Y., claimed that someone defaced his home with three swastikas on February 10. That was Day 21 of the Trump administration. So, who do the authorities say spray painted those swastikas? None other than Andrew King! Police jailed him on March 21 for “falsely reporting an incident in the third degree.”
Third, Juan M. Thompson, 31, a far-left-wing black man, was arrested in St. Louis. Police say that the Trump-hating apparent Muslim issued multiple anti-Semitic threats in a convoluted plot to plunge his jilted ex-girlfriend into hot water.
Oddly missing from these ugly stories: actual Trump supporters.
“Sometimes it’s the reverse, to make people – or to make others – look bad,” President Trump said February 28, to jeers of derision. Now he looks thoroughly vindicated. And, thus, another intricate Left-wing conspiracy goes pfffffffffffffffffft.
For those keeping score:
Trump: 1. “Trump Fuels anti-Semitism” Narrative: 0.
Trump: 1. “Putin is Trump’s Puppeteer” Narrative: 0.
Trump: 1. “Team Obama Never Spied on Team Trump” Narrative: 0.
As Day 100 of the Trump era rapidly approaches, the Left is left holding a plastic shopping bag full of nothing.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Is anyone surprised by a new ABC News/Washington Post poll that shows Donald Trump is the least popular president approaching 100 days in office since they started taking such surveys? Trump won the office while losing the popular vote and was inaugurated as the least popular new president. Since then, Trump has failed to repeal and replace Obamacare and, among other distractions, has been dogged by publicized palace intrigue in the West Wing and an FBI investigation about collusion with the Russians. But the same poll that puts Trump deep under water compared with every president since Truman also should give his critics pause. In a bifurcated nation where Republicans are seemingly unaffected by the cacophony of disdain thrown at Trump, his ability to hang on to his voters may, as it did in 2016, yet prove decisive in determining the future of his presidency.
Throughout this difficult period during which he has been almost continually blasted by the mainstream media as unprepared and incompetent, his supporters and apologists have continued to point out that Trump’s base is still with him. That point has left his critics unimpressed. Sure, they concede, Trump’s fans are sticking with him now, just as they did when a tape of his admission of sexual assault surfaced and at every point during the 2016 campaign. But as the new poll shows, with only a 42 percent approval rating, he’s losing independents and Democrats at a rate that theoretically dooms any hope that he will be able to garner majority support for any of his legislative projects. That’s why his opponents are not merely fantasizing about impeachment. They’re also increasingly confident of a midterm comeback for the Democrats in 2018 and treat the very notion of Trump securing re-election in 2020 with contempt. But a deep dive into the ABC/WaPo poll should remind us that the same sort of thinking had most pundits convinced Trump couldn’t win in November.
Trump has had no traditional post-election honeymoon. But he has done something remarkable. A stunning 96 percent of those who say they voted for him in 2016 would do so again. This stands in contrast to the buyer’s remorse of Hillary Clinton voters, with 15 percent saying they would not vote for Clinton again if given the chance. Together these numbers explain why the poll shows Trump winning the popular vote in a rematch with the Democratic nominee.
How is that possible with such low popularity ratings for Trump? It all comes down to the stark partisan divide in our current political culture. As was plainly illustrated in 2016, right- and left-leaning voters not only disagree; they also don’t listen to/watch/read the same media and thus draw vastly different conclusions from the same events.
Why are Republicans so pleased with Trump? Justice Neil Gorsuch and a kept promise about the Supreme Court is a big part of it. So, too, are his moves on regulatory reform and his nominating the most conservative cabinet in recent history. A more sensible foreign policy than was anticipated also helps. But the main thing is that whatever they may think of Trump’s character or shortcomings, almost everyone on the right thinks him superior to any possible Democratic president.
This illustrates the Democrats’ dilemma. The Trump “resistance” and its media fellow travelers have largely controlled the narrative about the administration. Each gaffe or blunder has been thoroughly denounced and comprehensively exploited by the Left. That has reinforced the belief of his opponents that Trump is unfit for the presidency. But neither the administration’s problems nor all of the efforts of its opponents have been able to do a thing to undermine the rock-solid backing he gets from Republican voters. It is true that only guarantees him the support of a minority of Americans. But, in the absence of a viable and/or popular alternative, this may mean that what liberals think is a consensus about Trump’s failure is not enough to ensure Democratic victories in 2018 or 2020.
Drilling down further in the poll results reveals that Trump is viewed as out of touch with voters by a 58–38 percent margin. The Republican party is also damned as out of touch by 62–32 percent. But Democrats do even worse at 67–28 percent. Moreover, Trump gets good marks from voters on a number of issues including job creation and even foreign policy in the wake of his attack on Syria.
Events that determine the state of the economy or the possibility of foreign crises will have a decisive impact on future elections. But if opinions about Trump are as set in stone as the latest survey indicates, all the abuse hurled at the president by his opponents, mainstream-media talking heads, and television comedians won’t matter as much as the basic calculus that makes him the lesser of two evils for conservatives.
That means the same basic formula of decisively winning  the white and male vote that delivered the Electoral College to Trump in 2016 could still apply no matter how much his administration is perceived as tottering. Democrats may assert that changing demography will make that a much harder trick to pull off with each passing year. They may also hope that working-class voters will eventually turn on Trump when he is perceived as failing them.
But that hasn’t happened yet, and if the gang tackle of Trump in the media during his first 100 days hasn’t done it, the tipping point may never happen. That’s not what Democrats cheering the thought that Trump is the most unpopular president in history want to hear. Nor should Republicans count on this guaranteeing them success if things continue to head south for the administration. But Republicans may well retain enough of a critical mass of their core voters to hold on to contested congressional districts and Senate seats in 2018. And if the dynamic holds, Trump will have more than a fighting chance to replicate his victory in 2020.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a Contributing Writer for National Review. Follow him on Twitter at: @jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In its first hundred days, the Trump administration has taken a very welcome hardline stance on North Korea. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s repeated warnings to Pyongyang about its ballistic-missile threat during his recent visit to South Korea, Secretary of Defense James Mattis’s dispatch of the supercarrier USS Carl Vinson to the area, and President Trump’s own statements all reveal an administration that understands it’s time to confront Kim Jong-un head-on, rather than coddling or ignoring him as President Obama did.
Trump also understands what has been obvious to many of us for years: The path to Pyongyang goes through Beijing. Trump’s strategy of putting pressure on China’s President Xi Jinping to sever support for Kim is smart, and it seems to be yielding some results. In February, Beijing curtailed coal exports to North Korea. More significant, a Chinese official has told the Nikkei news agency that China will move to cut off oil supplies to North Korea if the North tries another nuclear test. This is a good first step, but the Trump administration must try to force Beijing to go further, demanding that China cut off those oil supplies that are vital to North Korea’s military if Kim conducts any more intermediate- or long-range ballistic-missile tests or refuses to allow U.N. inspectors entry to its nuclear sites.
In short, America’s overarching strategic goal should be to tighten the noose on North Korea by keeping the pressure on China to make its vicious client state behave. That, of course, can’t be accomplished in the long term without a coherent, sustained diplomatic strategy. But fortunately, in the short-to-medium term, the technology is at hand to deter Pyongyang from threatening its neighbors with nuclear attack ever again.
Right now, we have to rely on land- and sea-based missile-defense technologies such as THAAD and AEGIS to protect South Korea, Japan, and America’s regional bases from North Korean missiles. The problem is that these systems only shoot down an incoming ballistic missile as it reenters the atmosphere toward the end of its flight, which narrows their margin for error; if the interceptor misses or intercepts a nuclear-armed missile too close to a target such as Tokyo or Okinawa, the result could still be catastrophic.
A better option is stopping a North Korean missile launch much earlier, in its boost phase. Any large multi-stage rocket requires high-thrust booster engines to get out the atmosphere, boosters which then drop away when the missile achieves orbit. Destroying a missile in this early boost phase has all kinds of advantages. Since it’s the hottest stage of a ballistic-missile launch, it’s the easiest for long-range infra-red sensors to detect and identify. And it’s also the slowest phase of the launch, so the missile loses any advantage it might have in terms of speed in its later descent.
A BPI intercept can’t be done from a ground- or sea-based BMD system; THAAD or Aegis can’t detect the launch soon enough. But an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), stationed 350 miles outside North Korean air space at an altitude of 50–55,000 feet and equipped with infra-red sensors and conventional anti-missile ordinance of 225 KG, could bring down even a large ICMB in its boost phase. Once the launch is detected, the UAV’s on-the-ground operators would have nearly a minute to decide to intercept given the speed of North Korea’s missiles — more than enough time to initiate the kill chain.
What’s more, a boost-phase intercept comes early enough in the missile trajectory that any debris would drop into the Sea of Japan, or over North Korean territory. Even a submarine-launched missile — when Kim tested one of those last August it traveled more than 300 miles and crossed into Japan’s Air Defense Identification Zone — can be picked up immediately after launch by a UAV, something neither THAAD nor AEGIS is capable of.
If this sounds like science fiction, think again. There are already American-built UAVs capable of carrying up to four interceptor missiles of this size, while conventional aircraft have successfully done BPI tests using missiles of this type. Putting those missiles on a rotating UAV patrol off the North Korean coastline would mean round-the-clock surveillance and detection that provided an extra layer of security from missile attack.
The deputy director-general of our own Missile Defense Agency has said that BPI is the next goal for missile defense. Dr. Leonard Caveny, the former science and technology director for the DOD’s Ballistic Missile Defense Organization, has estimated that a proof-of-concept BPI launch would cost no more than $25 million and could be ready in less than two years.
Between keeping the pressure on China and deploying unmanned BPI, the Trump administration could bring the world closer to a major achievement: taking away Kim Jong-un’s principal tool for threatening the region and stirring up international mayhem.
— Arthur Herman is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute, and author of Douglas MacArthur: American Warrior.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Now that student mobs at universities around America (and elsewhere in the West) have silenced conservative speaker after conservative speaker, it has dawned on a small number of left-wing professors that the public is beginning to have contempt for the universities. As a result, a handful of academics at a handful of universities have signed statements in support of allowing “diverse” views to be heard at the university.
These statements are worthless.
While some of the professors who have signed these statements might sincerely believe that the university should honor the non-left value of free speech, one should keep in mind the following caveats.
First, the number of professors, deans, and administrators who have signed these statements is very small.
Second, while no one can know what animates anyone else, it’s a little hard to believe that many of those who did sign are sincere. If they were, why haven’t we heard from them for decades? Shutting out conservatives and conservative ideas is a not new phenomenon. Plus, it’s easy to sign a letter. You look righteous (“Of course, I support free speech”) and pay no price.
Third, these statements accomplish nothing of practical value. They are basically feel-good gestures.
If any of the rioting students read these statements — a highly unlikely occurrence — it is hard to imagine any of them thinking: Wow, I really have been acting like a fascist, rioting and shutting down non-leftist speakers, but now my eyes have been opened, and I’m going to stop. Even though my professors have taught me that every conservative is a sexist, racist, xenophobic, Islamophobic hate-monger, nevertheless, next time one of these despicable human beings comes to campus, I will silently wait for him to finish talking and then civilly ask challenging questions.
Thanks to left-wing indoctrination that begins in elementary school, most American students do not enter college as supporters of free speech. As reported in the New York Times on February 7, 2017, a Knight Foundation survey found that only “45 percent support that right [freedom of speech] when the speech in question is offensive to others and made in public.”
If any professors want to do something truly effective, they should form a circle around a hall in which a conservative is scheduled to speak, with each professor holding up a sign identifying themselves as a professor: “I am [name], professor of [department].”
If just 1 percent of the professors on campus — that would mean just 43 faculty members at a place like UCLA — stood in front of the building in which a conservative was to speak, that might actually have an impact. If they were then attacked by left-wing thugs, other faculty members would then be forced to take a position.
But it won’t happen. It won’t because the university is a particularly cowardly place. And it has been so for many decades. In the 1970s, when I was a graduate student at Columbia University, left-wing students took over classrooms and administration offices. But I recall no faculty members objecting, and the college presidents and deans, were, if possible, even more craven.
Ann Coulter was scheduled to speak this week at UC Berkeley. Last week, the university announced it was cancelling her speech, providing the usual excuse that it couldn’t guarantee her or others’ safety. This excuse is as phony as it is cowardly. Berkeley and other universities know well that there is a way to ensure safety. They can do so in precisely the same way every other institution in a civilized society ensures citizens’ safety: by calling in sufficient police to protect the innocent and arrest the violent. But college presidents don’t do that sort of thing. They don’t want to tick off their clients (students), their faculty, leftist activist groups, or the liberal media. Not at Berkeley, or Yale, or Middlebury, or just about anywhere else.
Under pressure, Berkeley’s cowardly administration “rescinded” its cancellation and rescheduled Coulter’s speech during the daytime and during pre-finals week, when there are no classes and many students are not on campus. Coulter has rejected these changes and vowed to speak on the originally scheduled date.
So next time you read a statement by some professors — virtually all of whom, remember, have been silent for decades — in support of allowing opinions other than their own to be expressed on their campuses, take it with a large grain of salt. It’s primarily because some alumni are finally withholding funds from their closed-minded alma maters, or because the students they have produced have become so violent that even the mainstream media can’t ignore it.
Until they line up to safeguard people like Ann Coulter, and stop teaching their students that conservatives are deplorable human beings, their open letters aren’t worth the ink used to print them.
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Once again, the French will avoid reform.
As had been predicted in the polls, the second round of this year’s presidential election will pit the self-professed “centrist,” Emmanuel Macron, against the nationalist “populist,” Marine Le Pen. The newly minted Republican party, which had at one point seemed a shoo-in but whose candidate succumbed to scandal, will be nowhere to be seen. Neither will the once-vivacious parti socialiste, the now-terminal parti communiste, or even the Greens. Instead, French voters will be asked to choose between Macron, a partyless cipher whose main political achievement hitherto has been to serve under the most unpopular president in modern French history, and Le Pen, the savvy daughter of the fascist gadfly, Jean-Marie. Neither choice is a suitable one.
Seduced perhaps by the frivolous comparisons to Donald Trump — and impressed by her willingness to talk about crime, immigration, and the European Union — some American conservatives have assumed that Le Pen must be a fellow spirit. This is incorrect. Au contraire: Le Pen is a statist of the most destructive kind. Economically, she sounds exactly as you would expect a politician to sound if her party had recently absorbed a few hundred thousand former-communist voters: She is against entitlement reform in a nation that is creaking under the weight of its unfulfillable promises; she hopes to expand, not limit, welfare payments; she favors reducing the retirement age, despite an obvious aging crisis; she opposes the privatization of failing public industries; and she wishes to leave untouched the country’s destructive 35-hour work week. Whatever anger she is channeling, France’s sclerotic growth would be worse, not better, under her agenda. In comparison, Donald Trump looks like F. A. Hayek.
Le Pen is no friend to religious liberty, having adopted wholesale the French concept of laïcité that drives the faithful from the public square, and her current view on abortion is that it should not only be “unquestioned” but should be “fully reimbursed” by the state. On the matter of foreign affairs, there is no more elegant way to describe her than as an “anti-American.” Le Pen is hostile toward NATO and accommodating toward Vladimir Putin, with whom, the French press reports, she has arranged a diabolical quid pro quo that traded her silence after the Russian annexation of Crimea for a series of Kremlin-backed loans to her party. Predictably, she has cast free trade as a neo-liberal plot to undermine French manufacturers that, in reality, have not been competitive for decades. Sadly, even her admirable willingness to engage with French unease on immigration is tainted by extremism. There is a sensible road to be trodden between distaste for all restrictionism and flat-out xenophobia. With her promise to end all immigration into France, Marine Le Pen has not found that road.
Alas, neither has Emmanuel Macron, who, while clearly preferable to Le Pen, represents a missed opportunity in his own right. Economically, Macron has made a few cursory nods toward retrenchment — he hopes to cut the bureaucracy and lower corporate taxes, and has pledged to reduce France’s deficit — but he remains a socialist at heart. Under a Macron presidency, the welfare state will be expanded rather than limited; the 35-hour work week will at best be tinkered with; and, give or a take a few details, the status quo he helped President Hollande put in place will be left well alone.
Worse still, a Macron presidency threatens to exacerbate the resentments and the cultural unease that have pushed so many in France into Le Pen’s arms. Macron seems to have no understanding of why immigration is a source of tension, and, given his tendency to make claims such as that “there is no such thing as French culture,” he will be the perfect foil for the malcontents if the economy continues to stutter and the Islamist attacks continue to mount.
Like much of the rest of the world, Europe at present is deep in the throes of an anti-globalist moment. That France seems destined to meet that moment with a devout Europhile who was once a Rothschild banker is less than ideal. That, despite it all, he is the best option on offer, is nothing short of a tragedy.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
According to Oxford University’s Equality and Diversity Unit, not making eye contact and “not speaking directly” to people are examples of racism.
The Telegraph newspaper reports that Oxford has informed students that these things can be examples of “racial micro-aggression,” which can cause “mental ill-health.”
Other examples of “everyday racism” listed on the guide included asking people where they were “originally” from and making jokes related to a person’s accent, according to Oxford Mail.
Make no mistake about it: It’s definitely better to make eye contact with people when you’re talking to them. After all, I’m pretty sure that no interviewer has ever said, “Gee, I really liked how much that one candidate kept staring at the floor while telling me why she was perfect for the job.” And I’ve never heard a girl say, “He always stares at the wall when he tells me he loves me, and that’s how I know that it’s real.”
We all know that making eye contact is better, but it’s something that many people still struggle with — and they struggle with it for many reasons other than racism. Some people are shy and unsure of themselves. Often, what causes people to look at the floor when they’re speaking to someone is not a lack of respect for the person that they’re speaking to, but a lack of respect for themselves. It’s a sign that they don’t have confidence in themselves or their ideas. Is making these kinds of people afraid that they are going to be accused of racism as well as rudeness going to make these situations more comfortable for them? No, I’d say that it probably won’t.
There are certain behaviors that undoubtedly are socially desirable, and the ability to make direct eye contact certainly is one of them. It’s a good thing to emphasize to college students how important eye contact is. I don’t, however, see a single good thing about trying to make it a racial issue. Eye contact is always beneficial, regardless of the race of the people involved. The advice to students shouldn’t be “Make sure you’re making eye contact with people who are of a different race than you, because if you don’t, that comes off as racist”; it should be “Make sure you’re making eye contact with everyone, regardless of race, because if you don’t, that comes off as rude.”
Sometimes, people are rude to people from minority races because they’re racist — but that doesn’t mean that every, or even most, incidents of rudeness against people who happen to be from minority races are automatically racially motivated. Talking to someone who won’t look at you is an experience that everyone in the world has had, regardless of race, and arbitrarily assigning racial motivations to something so universal isn’t going to help anyone.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
‘Huge Earthquake in France. Not Much Damaged.’ That would make a perfectly accurate headline for reports on the first round of France’s presidential election yesterday. On paper it was a dramatic overthrow of the status quo. Candidates of the traditional conservative and socialist parties that have dominated French politics since the Second World War (and, arguably, under different names for far longer) were eliminated from the race — along with a charismatic old-Left warhorse supported by the Communists. Two “outsiders” were sent into the final round on May the 7th. “Centrist” Emmanuel Macron led “far Right” candidate Marine Le Pen by a margin of 24 percent over 22 percent. On the morning after, Macron is universally seen as France’s next president. He represents youth, hope, the future, change. Things will never be the same again, etc., etc.
Except that Macron was a leading minister in the government of France’s unpopular current president, the socialist party’s François Hollande, who seemingly withheld his support from the centrist turncoat only because he was advised it would damage him. Both defeated candidates of the old parties, now supposedly reeling from defeat, have joined together to urge their supporters to back Macron in the next round, as have European Union leaders, heads of government, and almost all other establishment worthies. And it is highly misleading to describe the two surviving candidates as either centrist or far-right. These descriptions belong to a dying political spectrum, born in the French revolution, going from the right (representing church, business, tradition, the bourgeoisie) to the left (representing secularism, labor unions, radical bohemianism, and “workers and intellectuals”). That opposition of beliefs and interests has less and less relevance to the real divisions and ruptures in modern French (and European) life. And the seeming break-up of the traditional party system is in reality a surprisingly smooth transition to a new system in which most of the former leading figures emerge from behind smoke and mirrors wearing different colors and spouting new rhetoric or “values.”
Think of this new system as a jigsaw puzzle that has yet to be fully assembled. Here are just some of the individual pieces lying on the carpet. How do they fit together?
1. France’s socialist party — currently holding the presidency and a significant slice of the National Assembly — won less than 7 percent of the national vote. That’s almost a European trend; orthodox Left parties get a sharply declining share of the national vote in Spain, Britain, Central Europe, Holland, Poland, Hungary, etc., etc. as insurgent parties of left and right emerge to better represent popular discontents. In almost all cases this decline is caused by a split between “workers and intellectuals” in which middle-class intellectuals, generally in the public sector, take over the party, and blue-collar workers leave it for new parties that offer various blends of nationalism and welfare together with opposition to economic globalization (or in establishment-speak, “populism”).
2. Center-right parties such as the Republicans in France (the heirs of the Gaullists keep changing their name) are also threatened by the rise of “populism.” But the threat is less immediate, and the character of the “populist” challenge to conservatism is different. It comes from those social conservatives who feel that their morality, religious traditions, and family structures are under siege from the moral and sexual radicalism of courts and state bureaucracies that promote such causes as removing a right of conscientious objection to performing abortions, restricting parental rights in education and welfare, prohibiting expressions of religious faith, and much else. The largest public protests ever seen in France took place in opposition to Hollande’s legalization of same-sex marriage.
3. Both sorts of “populism” make common cause on such matters as defending borders and national identities, opposing mass migration, resistance to loss of national sovereignty, skepticism about the transfer of powers from national governments to international bodies, and sometimes Euro-skepticism, which in France means support for leaving both the euro and the EU.
4. When center-left and center-right parties have been threatened in recent years by the rise of populism, they have responded to it not by making concessions to win back their voters but by forgetting their differences on taxes and spending and joining together to form a stronger resistance to it. So-called “Grand Coalitions” of left and right now govern not only Germany (where they were an invention of the 1960s) but also Sweden, Holland, and the European Parliament itself. France’s election shows an oddly similar pattern: Macron represents a “centrism of all the parties” against the challenge of Le Pen’s populism. It sets the entire French establishment and all the traditional parties against the National Front. Other things being equal, that would suggest that Le Pen represents the kind of tiny fringe that extremist parties obtain in the U.S. and the U.K. But she won a fifth of the vote in a crowded field, and she will almost certainly win more than a third in two weeks’ time. She’s the champion of large sections of the French people. But what separates her from the other side? What do the two sides stand for? And who votes for them?
5. Now is the time to turn to two recent and important articles by Charlie Cooke in National Review and by Chris Caldwell in City Journal. Brutally over-simplifying and then combining these two theses, what’s just happened is that the party system has caught up with the changing demography of France and its electoral system. Think of the electorate as divided — as Caesar divided Gaul in fact — into three parts: the France that has prospered from globalization; the France that has arrived through globalization; and the France that has been left behind by globalization. Republican and socialist parties have both had support from prosperous France — broadly speaking, the public sector voting for the socialists, the private for the Republicans — with both celebrating the advance of modern globalist, multicultural, and Europeanist ideas. The Left has had the lion’s share of support from the France that has arrived in recent years — Hollande’s last victory five years ago was celebrated by crowds waving Palestinian flags. And the France that has been left behind has increasingly thrown its weight behind the National Front. In strictly numerical terms that meant the National Front was becoming a serious challenger for power against two weakening entities. But since the France being left behind was more or less excluded from public debate, the terms of that debate were heavily slanted against Le Pen. As Caldwell notes mordantly, politicians in the major parties suddenly began talking not about free and unfree societies but about “open” versus “closed” ones and issuing warnings about “xenophobia” and “nationalism” to voters who rarely strayed from their own districts. A centrist agenda of global governance, “more Europe,” open borders, multiculturalism, free trade, and the pre-eminence of international law became the common ground of soi-disant modernizers across the spectrum. And what had been the standard beliefs of ordinary Frenchmen only yesterday — the superiority of French culture, laïcité, and France’s specific republican ideal of citizenship — gradually became shameful prejudices not to be admitted in polite society even if politicians occasionally exploited them for votes. Charlie Cooke describes how the ordinary French people he encountered were nervously suspicious of talking politics candidly and easily to him. There were too many trap-doors in a political conversation, especially if you were an FN voter.
6. What prevented the establishment parties from riding these new verities to an easy electoral victory was that these parties and the results they delivered were unpopular. Unions halted any liberalizing measures; the over-valued euro exchange rate meant that the costs of the resulting inefficiency were much higher. Together with the growing crisis over terrorism, this ensured that Hollande and his government were increasingly despised. In most previous elections the center-right party would have come into power and pursued a slightly modified version of the same progressive agenda à la Sarkozy. But the relentless rise of the National Front meant that there was now a serious alternative to this revolving-door me-tooism. And François Fillon, the center-right’s unexpected candidate, could see that he needed something much more radical both to revive France economically and to win back the social conservatives his party had abandoned. His combination of Thatcherite economics and social conservatism, however, was only slightly less distasteful to the broader French establishment — which is still both statist and progressive — than Le Pen’s populism.
Two things then happened: First, Fillon was destroyed by judicial leaks and attacks unprecedented against a presidential candidate; second, the Left progressives abandoned the socialist candidate — a decent fellow doomed by Hollande’s record — and adopted their former colleague, Macron, as a new centrist contender. He is now a certainty for the presidency despite being the heir of Hollande and the champion of the unpopular establishment. As Charlie Cooke predicted, the French, moving right, will elect a left-wing president. Or as the French immortally say: The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The game is not over. Macron can’t be defeated in this round, but he will probably suffer some loss of reputation at the hands of Marine Le Pen in debate. His major problem is that despite the media chatter about reforms, he is the candidate of the status quo. That commits him to the Europeanist and progressive policies that have made Hollande unpopular. Worse, Macron is a more candid champion of such policies than any of their original architects. He has gone so far as to charge that French colonialism was a crime against humanity, to deny that there is any such thing as French culture, and to call for open borders. Unless he changes both politically and rhetorically, he will encourage the drift of native-born Frenchmen to the National Front. And he will do so in the face of two dangerous trends: the continuing turmoil produced by Islamist terrorism in France, and the silent destruction of jobs, ever higher up the occupational ladder, by domestic automation aggravated by globalist competition. France is in a serious crisis about itself that will get far worse in the next presidential term. If Macron faced any opponent other than Ms. Le Pen who, somewhat unfairly, cannot shake off her family’s past, he would be defeated. Before long a less tarnished political entrepreneur on the right will realize the fact, steal some of Le Pen’s policies, and add his own to fashion a winning costume.
— John O’Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
On MSNBC yesterday, former Vermont Governor and DNC Chair Howard Dean elaborated on his argument that Ann Coulter’s upcoming speech at Berkeley does not have to occur because “hate speech” is not protected by the First Amendment:
Actually, it’s not a close call; Dean is making the wrong call under the Constitution. Dean’s entire answer piles wrong argument atop wrong argument until he completes a Dagwood sandwich of wrong.
Dean cites three court cases, and he mischaracterizes the decisions in all of them. The first case he references, Snyder v. Phelps, was an 8 to 1 decision in favor of the Westboro Baptist Church’s freedom to chant the horrible slogans and hold up the horrible banners it favors at a military funeral. If the church is free to protest at a military funeral, it makes no sense to argue that Ann Coulter is not free to give a speech at Berkeley. Dean is perhaps unknowingly citing a case that argues the reverse of his position.
The second case Dean cites, Virginia v. Black, struck down a state law that deemed cross-burning a prima facie attempt at intimidation. The decision was complicated, with multiple justices concurring in part and dissenting in part, but its upshot was that if prosecutors wanted to charge someone with a crime for burning a cross, they had to prove that the cross-burner intended his action as a threat.
“Criminal threats”, “intimidation” and criminal harassment are already crimes on the books in many states. If Ann Coulter explicitly threatens an individual in her speech, she can be charged with a crime for that. But whatever her flaws, Coulter is unlikely to make an explicit incitement to violence in a speech at Berkeley.
The third case Dean cites, Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, has come up a bit more frequently as of late. Eugene Volokh points out that while the Chaplinsky precedent hasn’t yet been struck down, subsequent decisions have drastically narrowed its definition of “fighting words.” In 1971, the court ruled that a vulgar phrase on a jacket didn’t fall within said definition because it was unlikely that any “individual actually or likely to be present could reasonably have regarded the words” to be “a direct personal insult.” In R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul, the Court struck down a hate-crime statute, decreeing that the state can restrict speech to a certain “time, place, or manner,” but only if those restrictions were “justified without reference to the content of the regulated speech.” (I.e., the government can ban flag-burning by, say, banning all outdoor fires in certain areas, but not explicitly because it dishonors the U.S. flag.)
Without knowing what Coulter would say in her speech, Dean suggests that it would contain “fighting words,” given her history of using “words you can’t say on television” to describe minorities. Given the “words you can’t say on television” have no bearing on the constitutionality of an (as-yet-undelivered) speech at Berkeley, the one-time front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination seems to be insisting that just by being offensive, Coulter’s words incite violence and must be restricted and banned. It is fair to ask Dean and his ilk why they are so focused on restricting and punishing speech that supposedly “incites” violence and much less focused on punishing those who actually commit violent acts.
If Dean’s real desire is to ban speech that he doesn’t like, he should just say so.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos likes to point to Florida’s education reforms from the Jeb Bush era as a potential model for expanding school choice. It’s a reasonable place to start given that adoption of these policies in the early 2000s coincided with outstanding educational improvements in the state. Statewide progress on the National Assessment for Educational Progress, a test administered over time by the federal government, has far outstripped that of the nation and nearly all states.
But the new emphasis on Florida has put a target on the state’s back. Two recent pieces, one in the Washington Post, the other in the New York Times, take direct aim at the state’s two expansive school-voucher policies. Both stories seek to highlight the limitations of the school-choice reforms. Neither is convincing. And both are often highly misleading.
In the Post, reporter Emma Brown takes up Florida’s corporate tax-credit program, which offers vouchers worth up to $5,886 for students from households with income below 260 percent of the federal poverty line. Last year nearly 100,000 students used scholarship, or voucher. If it were a school district, it would be about the size of Baltimore’s.
Brown’s mischaracterization of the existing evidence on the corporate tax-credit program is exceptional. She waves her hand at positive findings. She mentions almost in passing that there is strong evidence that competition from the tax-credit scholarship program has led to substantial improvements in Florida’s public schools. And then she contorts herself to interpret in the worst light possible the little existing evidence on the impact of the scholarships on students who use them to attend private school.
The program was studied for years by David Figlio, a universally respected economist and the incoming dean of the School of Education and Social Policy at Northwestern University. Because of differences in the tests that they take, Figlio is not able to provide clear evidence on the impact of attending a private school with a tax-credit scholarship compared to the performance of students attending Florida public schools. What he can conclude, as Brown points out, is that participating students are making gains equal to the national average.
This finding, however, is more of a story than Brown admits. Given that the average student using a corporate tax-credit scholarship is significantly more disadvantaged than the average student nationwide, keeping pace with national gains is an impressive accomplishment. Participating students come from low-income households and tend to be among the lowest-performing students within the state’s lowest-performing public schools. On average, students with similar profiles tend to show below-average gains on standardized tests each year.
Instead of focusing on this achievement, Brown highlights variation between private schools, citing an “enormous range” in performance to cast doubt on the program. While notable, the range isn’t large enough to justify her alarm. (The Figlio report refers to the variation in school performance as “non-trivial.”) It is also not at all surprising. Of course the quality of private schools varies. It does among public schools as well. A lot. The difference is that students have a clear path to exit private schools, and Figlio’s work shows that students struggling in the private schools do tend (understandably) to leave them.
Where Brown in her Post article mischaracterizes evidence to instill doubt, Dana Goldstein, the author of the Times article, simply tries to create a problem out of thin air.
Florida’s McKay Scholarship Program for Students with Disabilities offers them grants to attend private schools, in an amount equal to either the private school’s tuition or what their public school would have paid to educate them — whichever is less.
Goldstein focuses on the fact that students who use a McKay voucher to attend a private school forfeit their rights under the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA), which requires that public schools provide free and appropriate educational services to students with disabilities. Under IDEA, students with disabilities receive an Individual Education Plan (IEP) that lays out all of the services that the school is required to provide to students to keep them on a successful academic path.
Goldstein tells us that “legal experts say parents who use the vouchers are largely unaware” of the fact that they’d forfeited these rights — an extraordinary statement given that legal experts generally know more about the law than what a large group of parents know about their legal protections. Goldstein is less impressed by an e-mail she quotes from a spokesman from the Florida Department of Education saying that it has received “very few complaints” from disgruntled McKay parents that they didn’t understand they had given up their IEP protections. Are we to think that the department is lying? For what it’s worth, parents of students with disabilities, particularly those who were knowledgeable and motivated enough to take advantage of a voucher program, do not have a reputation for keeping displeasure to themselves.
Perhaps more parents don’t complain about losing their legal protections in a private school because they weren’t so helpful at their public school either. In an admittedly dated Manhattan Institute survey of parents who at the time were either participating in McKay or had formerly participated, only about a third of respondents said that their previous public school provided all of the services that were required under their child’s IEP.
What is never made clear in the Times story is that students who use a McKay scholarship to attend a private school don’t give up their rights under IDEA in perpetuity. They can always go back into the public school system and have those rights reinstated. Those who stay in private schools do so presumably because they prefer the services those schools offer.
Unfortunately, we have no real research evaluating whether students using a McKay voucher to attend a private school do better academically than they would have in a traditional public school. However, my research shows that competition from McKay led to improved performance for students with disabilities attending the state’s public schools.
The real story in Florida is about how a state went from the bottom on most measures of educational outcomes in the early 2000s to scoring at about the national average today. Florida’s public schools have made enormous gains since the adoption of these and other reforms. Absent research to the contrary — or perhaps an axe to grind — existing work suggests that the school-choice programs are an important part of the story.
— Marcus Winters is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and an associate professor at Boston University.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The story out of Balch Springs, Texas, is horrible. Based on the available evidence (always an important caveat), it began like countless stories in suburban America. A mom left town, and her son made the mistake that kids tend to make — he threw a party. The party got loud, and the neighbors called the police. When the party-goers learned that the police were on the way, they did what teens have done since time immemorial. They scattered.
Sounds normal, right? But in this case, there was a deadly, horrific twist. As the party broke up, gunshots rang out. Fifteen-year-old Jordan Edwards (Jordan is black) got into a car with his brother and three other kids; they backed out of their parking spot and started to leave the party. None of them had been drinking. There were no weapons in the car.
At that moment, they heard cursing, there were more shots, and Jordan was shot in the head, straight through the passenger window. Witnesses said that his “forehead was smoking.” The shots came from the police.
The story gets worse. Initially the police reported that officers fired on the car after it backed towards them in an “aggressive manner.” Then they watched the body-camera footage, and the account changed. The car was actually driving away from police when the shooting started. Now the police chief says that he doesn’t believe the shooting met the department’s “core values.”
In a polarized nation, our political lives are dominated by narratives. We hold on to the stories that advance our narrative, discard as aberrations the stories that contradict the narrative, and press forward — armed to the teeth with tales of outrage. While only the most crazed radicals believe that their side is always right, the contradictory stories tend to disappear. Conservatives are quick to know that “hands up, don’t shoot” was one of the lies of the year. They tend to be quick to forget men such as Walter Scott or don’t know anything at all about Demetrius Hollins.
The leftist commitment to narrative is legendary. The Black Lives Matter movement is still deemed “peaceful” even as its rallies keep turning violent, and its supporters have gunned down cops in the streets. The “hands up, don’t shoot” mantra is still on activists’ lips in spite of all available evidence. And, as the disruption of Heather Mac Donald’s speech at Claremont McKenna College showed, even questioning BLM’s statistical claims and allegations is considered somehow anti-black.
There is only one way through the tribalism of competing narratives, and that’s through a commitment to justice. No, not “social justice.” True justice — the quest for evidence, the search for facts, and the dispensation of punishment without regard to race, creed, class, or religion.
For conservatives, that means leaving the reflexive defense of the police to the police unions and police lawyers. It means not having a “rooting interest” in any given case aside from rooting for the truth to emerge. It also means grieving with fellow Americans who’ve suffered unimaginable loss, a loss compounded by the horrific realization that it came through the hands of the state — the very people who are supposed to “protect and serve.”
None of this means that conservatives shouldn’t examine each case and each allegation with a skeptical eye. Early reports are often wrong (remember when Charlotte, N.C., erupted in riots because of unfounded rumors that police shot Keith Lamont Scott when he was merely holding a book?), and the mainstream media often shares the far Left’s narrative. But it does mean that the skepticism shouldn’t be limited to the “other” side. Radical activists aren’t the only liars in American life. A depressing number of cops lie with depressing regularity.
We live in a complicated country, and simple narratives can’t tell its story. Yesterday, in Dallas — not too far from Balch Springs — Derick Lamont Brown, the former chairman of the New Black Panther Party in Dallas, reportedly shot a paramedic and a neighbor, leaving them both bleeding in the street. When police arrived, Brown opened fire, and multiple officers risked their lives to drag the wounded paramedic and neighbor to safety.
That’s two Texas incidents, and they advance two very different narratives. In one, cops risk their lives to save lives while a black radical commits an act of vicious violence. In the other, a cop fires into a car full of black kids for apparently no good reason. We have to remember them both. We have to grapple with them both. Any other approach forsakes truth for the tribe. Any other approach elevates politics over people. Seek justice. The narrative is the lesser concern.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
First, he learned that health-care policy is complicated. Then, it began to sink in for him that the presidency is a hard job. Now, he has discovered that the constitutional system of checks and balances means that he does not have unilateral power to do whatever he likes. Donald J. Trump’s epic voyage of discovery has indeed been wondrous to watch.
What President Trump is learning is that politics isn’t only about the rules. It’s also about the rules about the rules.
Conservatives who think of themselves as constitutionalists, as followers in the footsteps of Antonin Scalia and Robert Bork, often proceed as though all of the answers to all of our political disputes were self-evident in the language of the Constitution and the statutes. There is something very Protestant in that: It is analogous to the belief that the truth about everything can be found in a complete and usable form in Scripture, if only we look with the right kind of eyes and the right kind of hearts, no interpretation or philosophy necessary. That sort of thing does not hold up very well to even cursory scrutiny. Both are necessary, but the Church is not the Book.
In his very amusing and illuminating essay “The Myth of the Rule of Law,” Professor John Hasnas of Georgetown considers the issue of interpretation and the First Amendment, which says that Congress shall pass no law abridging freedom of speech or freedom of the press. He asks: Can the president issue an executive order prohibiting criticism of the government? We recoil from the notion, but a prohibition on it is not quite there in the First Amendment, the language of which restricts what Congress may do, not what the president may do. What about prohibiting the publication of military secrets during a duly declared war? There is not in the First Amendment an exception for military issues, but we have made room for one. You can make a good case against presidential censorship and for military-secrecy laws, but that case is not to be found in the plain language of the First Amendment. It is to be found in interpretation, reasoning, argument — politics.
Sometimes the answer is to be found in the plain language of the law. At the margins, things are different.
This difficulty has been aggravated by the aggrandizement of the presidency and the consequent diminishing of Congress. Professor Hasnas’s first dilemma might be solved by an understanding of presidential powers anchored in the understanding that the duty of the executive is to execute the duly enacted laws of the nation: If Congress has no power to enact censorship, then the executive has no opportunity to take action against free speech or the press: Congress has no power to enact a law in violation of the First Amendment, and therefore no duly enacted law exists under which the executive might issue orders to ensure its enforcement. The fact that this partial solution to Professor Hasnas’s dilemma exists suggests to my mind that it might have been intended to be part of our understanding of the constitutional order, and, indeed, that conception of the presidency is hardly original to me. It seems to have been something like Thomas Jefferson’s understanding, too, though Jefferson’s natural appetite for rascality made him as much an entrepreneur as an executive.
As I alluded to in my earlier column about President Trump’s first 100 days, this is complicated by the dual nature of the presidency detected by some of our political thinkers. The executive is there to execute the laws, they argue, but he is also there to act as a kind of personification of the government, one invested with fairly open-ended (or at least vaguely defined) powers in matters of national security and foreign relations. We have attempted to finesse these tensions and contradictions with a legal doctrine insisting that disputes between the branches are “political questions” best settled on the campaign trail and at the ballot box than in a courtroom or legislative chamber. There is of course something to that, but it is an easy intellectual shelter into which to retreat.
The idea that there exists no judicial remedy for disputes among the branches of government is inconsistent with the founding case of American constitutional jurisprudence, Marbury v. Madison. The instrument of relief sought in that case was a “writ of mandamus,” which is to say, a court order compelling an executive-branch employee to do his job. (The Supreme Court found that the Jefferson administration’s actions in the case were illegal, but declined to issue the writ of mandamus, deciding instead that the statute under which the case had been brought was unconstitutional and dismissing the case.) Though the writ of mandamus itself has fallen into obscurity, the legal doctrine that courts may issue mandates to government officials remains very much a part of our law. This is of course at some level inconsistent with an absolutist understanding of the separation of powers, which implies that no branch of government may be made subordinate to another in any manner. In practice, we have not had that kind of absolutist understanding, but we have for some years been moving rapidly in the direction of such an understanding with regard to the presidency.
If disputes among the branches are simply political questions without legal remedy, then the president is in effect immune to both statutory law and judicial review — above the law. Perhaps this is exactly what President Trump had in mind with his recent praise of Andrew Jackson, the founder of the Democratic party. Jackson, confronted by an inconvenient Supreme Court decision in the matter of Worcester v. Georgia, is supposed to have said: “John Marshall has delivered his decision. Now, let him enforce it.” This was not braggadocio ex nihilo: At the time, the usual practice for the Supreme Court was to order the president to send federal marshals to enforce its decisions. The Court made no such order in that case, very likely in the knowledge that Jackson would refuse it and cause a constitutional crisis. The Court instead relied upon the good graces of the state of Georgia, which — eventually — complied.
For decades, the Left has advanced its agenda by using the courts to effectively amend the Constitution without going through the amendment process. Want a constitutional right to abortion? Harry Blackmun will oblige. But there is a Jacksonian version of that: amending the Constitution through obstinacy and demagoguery. In the matter of creating a categorical exemption from prosecution in certain immigration cases, the Obama administration took an action that President Obama himself had earlier argued was beyond the legal power of the president. Donald Trump had insisted that the Obama administration required congressional authorization before making war on Syria, but he quickly reversed himself once the power was his. Those issues remain unresolved: An injunction was issued against the Obama administration’s expanded amnesty, and a 4–4 Supreme Court decision denied the administration a rehearing of the case. The Trump administration’s actions in Syria have not been litigated at all.
The only thing about any of this that seems to me obvious is that our tripartite government is a tricycle with a wonky wheel — the presidency. Though there are ancient intellectual disputes about such questions as judicial review, a reasonably effective and stable modus vivendi has evolved for relations between the judicial and legislative branches. And there was, until fairly recently, a reasonably effective (though less stable) settlement between the presidency and the other branches. Congress expanded the executive branch, for instance with the creation of the Department of Education, and it constrained the executive branch, too, through legislation such as the War Powers Resolution and the Hatch Act. But the presidency is an opportunistic political organism, and it has grown, for good reasons and bad, particularly during the administrations of Richard Nixon and those who came after. Claims of executive privilege grew to such an extent as to amount to something like immunity from congressional oversight, particularly in matters related to political scandals. The role of the president as “Commander-in-Chief” was inflated to princely proportions. And now, President Trump wants a bigger presidency, too.
We should not give it to him.
As my friend Jonah Goldberg has shown through his invaluable writing on the subject of classical progressivism, the idea of an executive more or less freed from legal and constitutional constraints to do what needs doing right now was a favorite theme of Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson, as emergency powers granted during times of war were sought for the “moral equivalent of war,” which over the years has covered everything from material relief (the so-called war on poverty) to science education to aluminum tariffs to carbon dioxide emissions. The pseudo-philosophy of political pragmatism and the politicians’ gift for creating an artificial sense of urgency around almost anything are together enough to ensure that a rationale can be constructed for almost anything. Marco Rubio, admirable man though he is, makes frankly ridiculous arguments for protecting domestic sugar producers (where do they work and vote?) as a matter of national security. I would not presume to speak for those who do the ugly and dangerous work of fighting our wars, but I suspect that, if it really comes down to it, the fighting men of the 82nd Airborne can take their coffee black and still get on with business.
From F. A. Hayek we take the lesson that the best laws are the most general ones, the ones that apply in the same way to different kinds of people and institutions, allowing for a wide understanding of what is required from us by the state and providing a baseline of predictability for the emergence of the economic and civic institutions that actually make the world go round. From Professor Hasnas we can take the lesson that these things may grow murky at the margins, that, as much as conservatives may mock the “penumbras” of the judicial imagination, it is sometimes necessary to explore them.
But we also have the lessons of Judge Bork and Justice Scalia: Very often, the law is in fact quite clear enough, and putting down an anchor in the actual language of the law is our only defense against the motivated reasoning of the judicial activists and the political opportunism of presidents. We sometimes fall victim to certain ideological claims that balancing these things is not necessary, that there exists, if only we would pay attention, a kind of national flowchart telling us where to go at each and every intersection. What we refuse to acknowledge during this narrow and angry period of absurd and fantastical populism is that there is no such thing, that no ideology or insight will liberate us from the very difficult task of citizenship.
And from President Trump, we learn that it is important to get this right, because there is no guarantee that power follows prudence or that high character is a prerequisite for high office.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.



ARTICLE
Red/blue, conservative/liberal, and Republican/Democrat mark traditional American divides. But one fault line is not so 50/50 — that of the contemporary hard progressive movement versus traditional politics, values, and customs.
The entire menu of race, class, and gender identity politics, lead-from-behind foreign policy, political correctness, and radical environmentalism so far have not won over most Americans.
Proof of that fact are the serial reliance of their supporters on deception, and the erosion of language on campus and in politics and the media. The progressive movement requires both deceit and euphemism to mask its apparently unpopular agenda.
What the Benghazi scandal, the Bowe Bergdahl swap, and the Iran Deal all had in common was their reliance on ruse. If the White House and its allies had told the whole truth about all these incidents, Americans probably would have widely rejected the ideological premises that framed them.
In the case of Benghazi, most Americans would not fault an obscure video for causing scripted rioting and death at an American consulate and CIA annex. They would hardly believe that a policy of maintaining deliberately thin security at U.S. facilities would encourage reciprocal local good will in the Middle East. They would not agree that holding back American rescue forces was a wise move likely to forestall an international confrontation or escalation.
In other words, Americans wanted their consulate in Benghazi well fortified and protected from seasoned terrorists, and they favored rapid deployment of maximum relief forces in times of crises — but, unfortunately, these were not the agendas of the Obama administration. So, to disguise that unpleasant reality, Americans were treated to Susan Rice’s yarns about a spontaneous, unexpected riot that was prompted by a right-wing video, and endangered Americans far beyond the reach of U.S. military help.
Ditto the Bowe Bergdahl caper, the American deserter on the Afghan front. Aside from the useful publicity of “bringing home” an American hostage, there was an implicit progressive subtext to both his earlier flight and eventual return: Young introspective soldiers are often troubled about their nation’s ambiguous role in the Middle East and so, understandably, sometimes err in their search for meaning. When they do, and when they perhaps “wander off,” the government has win-win resources to address their temporary lapse — in this case, killing two birds with one stone by downsizing the apparently repulsive Guantanamo Bay detention facility and returning punished-enough Taliban combatants to their families.
What Susan Rice (ostensibly the go-to consigliere in such deals) could not say is that the Obama administration released five dangerous terrorists in order to bring home one likely deserter, whose selfish AWOL behavior may have contributed over the years to the injury or even deaths of several American soldiers tasked with finding him. Instead, we got the lie that Bergdahl was a brave solider who served with honor and distinction and was captured in mediis rebus on the battlefield, with the implication that his personal odyssey inadvertently led to the bonus of returning in-limbo foreign detainees and reducing the population of an embarrassing gulag.
We keep learning about all sorts of disturbing and leaked secret side agreements to the Iran Deal. Without them, the progressive agenda underlying the concessions was bound to be unpalatable to the American people: secret nocturnal cash ransoms to obtain American hostages (hostage-taking is an Iranian theocratic specialty), secret side deals with international agencies to define down on-site inspections, and secret “flexibility” on Iran ballistic-missile development.
But on a deeper level, the Obama administration apparently either did not believe that Iran was a truly belligerent, anti-American theocracy bent on a baleful Middle East hegemony through acquiring nuclear weapons, or else assumed that Iran’s regional ambitions were understandable and morally equivalent to any large nation’s desire for such strategic influence. Either way, the results were deception and lies rather than honesty about these assumptions.
The foundations for the unspoken, progressive faith in catastrophic man-caused global warming are self-evident. Many Western elites believe that modern, free-market industrial growth and consumer capitalism endanger the planet. They bring out the worst in both the bourgeoisie and the undereducated, victimized poor: greed, acquisitiveness, and shallow material values. The remedy and indeed duty for reflective and enlightened elites (who alone have transcended the rat race and by their very success have grown immune from, and wise to, the contradictions of capitalism) is to change the economic foundations of modern Western life — in a radical fashion akin to the 19th-century romantic yearning for a pre-industrial, less environmentally exploitive past.
The catch, however, is that most Americans believe that oil wells, mines, freeways, dams, cars, reservoirs, and factories — and the granite counters, stainless-steel fridges, and big-screen TVs that derive from them — are largely godsends, ensuring a good life undreamed of by their grandparents. Or they believe that most accompanying deleterious effects on the environment, such as slight and periodic changes in temperatures, are outweighed by the benefits of industry and can be soon ameliorated by rapidly advancing scientific and technological remedies.
The result is an impasse. To square the circle, progressive vocabulary adjusted. Global warming became “climate change,” on the theory that when droughts naturally were followed by snow and rain, snow and rain were only further proof of man-caused rising temperatures that needed immediate redress through larger government intervention. It was not enough to warn that the industrial age might have contributed to an acceleration of natural and episodic warming of the planet (a documented cyclical pattern of the past); instead end-of-world, apocalyptic scenarios were necessary to reconfigure the very industrial base of modern life.
The result is that today, any natural climatic extremity — ice to searing heat, snow or drought, both mud and dust, receding or advancing waters, normal or abnormal temperatures — becomes media fodder for the narrative of man-caused, excessive carbon releases that can be remedied only by costly reduction of the West’s modern commerce and industry that fuels extravagant, self-indulgent consumerism.
Yet imply that, and the public would revolt. Instead, it is wiser to suggest that the climate is being altered by human shortsightedness and extravagance and that the change can be stopped by altruism and moral sacrifice. Inefficient and subsidized solar and wind power therefore become ethically and culturally preferable to more practicable but retrograde nuclear power, hydroelectric, and natural-gas generation. As for a publicly green Bono, John Kerry, or Al Gore, who in his private life might gulp down an inordinate amount of aviation fuel or hoard too many square feet of living space, we appropriate the implied Soviet argument of the apparat and the dacha: Only by revolutionaries faring well can the revolution itself fare well.
No one wishes to discuss candidly that universities are no longer free bastions of inquiry but are descending into would-be boot camps to train progressive shock troops. Careers, reputations, and lots of money are invested in stifling free expression, a project predicated on changing the nature of students, the curricula, and the very atmosphere of the traditional university.
The predicable result is again linguistic subterfuge.
If unprepared students are frustrated that special admittance does not de facto equate to college success or graduation, the university must make the necessary Animal Farm–like adjustments. Segregation by race and gender becomes “safe spaces.” Ancient stress, the stuff of cramming for finals and paper deadlines, gets embedded into politics, as snowflakes are “traumatized” by a culturally appropriated earring or a gendered pronoun. Free speech that can be challenging and liberate young minds becomes “hate speech” and is banned. Odious censorship is redefined as mere “trigger warnings.”
Confederate nullification that reminds us of the chaotic consequence of states’ defying federal law becomes “sanctuary cities,” as if illegal-alien lawbreakers were 21st-century versions of fugitive slaves seeking sanctuary from plantation bounty hunters.
When “sexual liberation” of the 1960s eventually led to a crass and crude dating atmosphere that disadvantaged young women (the male was assured that mutually consenting sexual congress demanded not even momentary commitment or even postcoital gentlemanly behavior and deference), it was recalibrated as “sexual assault” — as if occasional female naïveté and frequent male boorishness and selfishness in matters of sex were now criminal matters (though exempt from the bother of the Bill of Rights).
Nowhere was the progressive project more in need of stealth than the proverbial War on Terror that followed the mass murdering on 9/11. Apparently, it was impossible for the Obama administration to concede that terrorism and indeed global conflict in the 21st century were largely dividends of the radicalization of Islam, and fueled often by the inability of traditional Muslim societies to adjust to the radical globalization — and indeed Westernization — of the planet.
Conceding that would imply the culpability of autocratic and theocratic Muslim leaders (along with traditional and endemic gender apartheid, tribalism, anti-Semitism, religious fundamentalism and intolerance, and statism). It’s far easier to fault the pernicious legacy of 19th-century European colonialism.
Empiricism would have allowed discussions of inherent differences between a post-Reformation Western Christianity and a pre-reformation Islam; instead, progressives adhered to boilerplate multicultural moral equivalencies. Identification of widespread abhorrent practices in Middle Eastern societies — female genital mutilation, honor killings, state violence against gays, and racism – would lead to difficult intellectual and political truths. But keeping the focus on the ’Wests supposed post-colonialism, imperialism, and exploitation provides easy fodder for the race, class, and gender appetites of careerist Western elites.
To square that circle, terrorism then became “man-caused disasters” (as if Buddhist and Christians were on a rampage in Europe). Anti-terrorism was “an overseas contingency operation” (as if hunger in Haiti was morally equivalent to the battle in Anbar Province), while jihadism became a mere personal odyssey or journey (who is to say that bin Laden was not misunderstood by followers seeking spiritual growth?). The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was rendered “largely secular,” as if Mohamed Morsi sought to bring what he learned at USC to good governance in Cairo. “Workplace violence” was murdering 13 soldiers in cold blood at Fort Hood while shouting “Allahu akbar,” on the theory that deranged employees sometimes have shot many on the job, though without the loud religious proclamations.
History got into the act as well. President Obama assured us on no evidence that a Cordoba without Muslims in the late 15th century, at the time of the Christian Inquisition, was a bastion of Islamic tolerance (and later added that we “high-horse” Christians should remember the Crusades of a millennium ago). For the progressive project, history is not tragic. It’s a melodrama to be used for contemporary political agendas, through separating bad people from good people of the past, as ascertained through contemporary progressive standards retroactively applied to earlier centuries.
In fairness, what is the anti-multicultural, anti–morally equivalent, anti-utopian pacifist alternative? To tragically confess that religions are not mostly alike? That blowing up somebody on the pretext of ending oppression does not mean there is real oppression rather than inherent selfishness and evil? To assume that those who most damn the West are themselves the most eager to flee to the West? To accept that deterrence sways behavior more than does concession, given the unchanging nature of man?
Without ruse, there can be no progressive project — as was true in the past of any illogical and unappealing ideology.
In short, you gotta lie.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won, to appear in October from Basic Books.



ARTICLE
Let’s make no mistake: The race for a quantum computer is the new arms race.
As Arthur Herman wrote in a recent NRO article, “Quantum Cryptography: A Boon for Security,” the competition to create the first quantum computer is heating up. The country that develops one first will have the ability to cripple militaries and topple the global economy. To deter such activity, and to ensure our security, the United States must win this new race to the quantum-computer revolution.
Classical computers operate in bits, with each bit being either a 0 or 1. Quantum computers, by contrast, operate in quantum bits, or qubits, which can be both 0 and 1 simultaneously. Therefore, quantum computers can do nearly infinite calculations at once, rather than sequentially. Because of these properties, a single quantum computer could be the master key to hijack our country.
The danger of a quantum computer is its ability to tear through the encryption protecting most of our online data, which means it could wipe out the global financial system or locate weapons of mass destruction. Quantum computers operate much differently from today’s classical computers and could crack encryption in less time than it takes to snap one’s fingers.
In 2016, 4.2 billion computerized records in the United States were compromised, a staggering 421 percent increase from the prior year. What’s more, foreign countries are stealing encrypted U.S. data and storing it because they know that in roughly a decade, quantum computers will be able to get around the encryption.
Many experts agree that the U.S. still has the advantage in the nascent world of quantum computing, thanks to heavy investment by giants such as Microsoft, Intel, IBM, D-Wave, and Google. Yet with China graduating 4.7 million of its students per year with STEM degrees while the U.S. graduates a little over half a million, how long can the U.S. maintain its lead?
Maybe not for long. Half of the global landmark scientific achievements of 2014 were led by a European consortium and the other half by China, according to a 2015 MIT study. The European Union has made quantum research a flagship project over the next ten years and is committed to investing nearly $1 billion. While the U.S. government allocates about $200 million per year to quantum research, a recent congressional report noted that inconsistent funding has slowed progress.
According to Dr. Chad Rigetti, a former member of IBM’s quantum-computing group and now the CEO of Rigetti Computing, “computing superiority is fundamental to long-term economic superiority, safety, and security.” Our strategy, he continues, has to be “viewing quantum computing as a way to regain American superiority in high-performance computing.”
Additionally, cyber-policy advisor Tim Polk stated publicly that our edge in quantum technologies is “under siege.” In fact, China leads in unhackable quantum-enabled satellites and owns the world’s fastest supercomputers.
While quantum computers will lead to astounding breakthroughs in medicine, manufacturing, artificial intelligence, defense, and more, rogue states or actors could use quantum computers for fiercely destructive purposes. Recall the hack of Sony by North Korea, Russian spies hacking Yahoo accounts, and the exposure of 22 million federal Office of Personnel Management records by Chinese hackers.
How can the United States win this race? We must take a multi-pronged approach to guard against the dangers of quantum computers while reaping their benefits. The near-term priority is to implement quantum-cybersecurity solutions, which fully protect against quantum-computer attacks. Solutions can soon be built directly into devices, accessed via the cloud, integrated with online browsers, or implemented alongside existing fiber-optic infrastructure.
Second, the U.S. needs to consider increasing federal research and development and boost incentives for industry and academia to develop technologies that align private interests with national-security interests, since quantum technology will lead to advances in defense and forge deterrent capabilities.
Third, as private companies advance quicker than government agencies, Washington should engage regularly with industry. Not only will policies evolve in a timely manner, but government agencies could become valuable early adopters.
Fourth, translating breakthroughs in the lab to commercial development will require training quantum engineers. Dr. Robert Schoelkopf, director of the Yale Quantum Institute, launched Quantum Circuits, Inc., to bridge this gap and to perform the commercial development of a quantum computer.
The United States achieved the unthinkable when it put a man on the Moon. Creating the first quantum computer will be easier — but the consequences if we don’t will be far greater.
— Idalia Friedson is a research assistant at the Hudson Institute.



ARTICLE
The Affordable Care Act was in large part justified by the desire to make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals with pre-existing conditions. Yet, by requiring carriers to price insurance without regard to the expected costs of care, it has ensured that premiums well exceed the levels attractive to the healthy, and that insurers lack the funds to meet the needs of those who are already sick. As Republicans seek to fix a dysfunctional market in which neither buyers nor sellers are eager to participate, they have stumbled repeatedly on the question of how to assist the chronically ill, who cost vastly more to care for than they can afford to pay in premiums.
Rather than propping up a tangled and costly system of cross-subsidies for care that is inherently incompatible with vigorous competition, they should instead restructure existing direct subsidies to better target them at the individuals who need help the most. Conventional high-risk pools have tended to fall short of ensuring coverage to those with pre-existing conditions, while a re-insurance scheme would increase government spending unnecessarily. Instead, a better approach is to let insurers sell plans off the exchange priced proportionately to the health-care needs of each enrollee, leaving the exchange subsidies more narrowly focused on low-income chronically ill individuals who are unable to afford plans elsewhere.
In 2008, 44 million Americans (15 percent of the country’s residents) were without health insurance, of which 32 million (11 percent) had been without coverage for over a year. Some of these were individuals eligible for public entitlements who had not yet needed to enroll. Some were people able to afford coverage or between jobs, choosing to bear expenses out-of-pocket for a while. And some were immigrants living in the country illegally, and hence still ineligible for most kinds of subsidy. But the Kaiser Family Foundation estimated that 18 percent of applicants had been denied insurance coverage on the individual market prior to the ACA. This group consists of people with major chronic illnesses (such as diabetes or cancer), who lack coverage through an employer or entitlement program. In the best case, individuals with such conditions may incur annual health-care costs exceeding $10,000, while those requiring repeat hospitalizations and the most expensive therapies may accrue costs ten times as high.
The ACA sought to make health insurance affordable to such individuals by requiring insurers to charge sick applicants no more than they would healthy ones, regardless of the large cost differences between them. This has led insurance premiums to be set well above the health-care costs that most people expect to incur, and well below the costs that the chronically ill will incur even in the best case. As a result, many healthy individuals have been waiting to get sick before purchasing insurance, or going without insurance altogether. This has only further increased average costs that insurers are required to cover per enrollee — forcing them to drive premiums even higher, hike deductibles, narrow their networks, skimp on services provided to the sick, and in many areas drop out of the marketplace altogether.
To prop up this system of cross-subsidies, the federal government has taken a highly prescriptive approach to the nature and content of health insurance. It has mandated that plans cover an extensive list of “Essential Health Benefits” and greatly limited the ability of insurers to vary cost-sharing arrangements according to the risk preferences of specific potential enrollees. To support carriers required to cover the chronically ill for less than the cost of their care, it has tried to force the healthy to purchase plans that are of little value to them. Rather than a marketplace in which sellers innovate to attract new customers, the ACA has established a scheme in which either buyers don’t want to buy or sellers don’t want to sell.
Despite the penalty imposed by the ACA on those not purchasing insurance, 6.5 million Americans have preferred to pay their fine (up to the average cost of the cheapest permitted plan type) and bear all health-care costs out-of-pocket rather than seeking coverage. By comparison, only 1.7 million Americans purchased unsubsidized plans on the exchanges in 2016. A further 9.1 million purchased unsubsidized plans off the exchanges, in what has essentially become a separate risk pool.
The ACA’s plan to finance the care of those with pre-existing conditions through mandatory cross-subsidization (the premiums of the healthy paying for the care of those already sick) therefore appears to have failed. As 85 percent of individuals on the exchanges are entitled to subsidies, the brunt of rising premiums and cost-sharing is already borne by federal taxpayers ($38 billion in premium and $7 billion in cost-sharing subsidies), while many others remain unable to access health insurance priced proportionately to their health-care needs and 27 million remain uninsured.
As an alternative to this arrangement, most conservatives would prefer to repeal community rating and allow low-risk individuals to purchase appropriately priced health insurance, which would allow federal subsidies to be better targeted at the sickest patients and reduce premiums across the board. But, beyond this agreement at the level of economic theory, there is widespread disagreement about how else (if at all) to subsidize care for the chronically ill, and the extent to which a return to market pricing of health insurance is politically feasible.
An approach long recommended by economists has been high-risk pools. These existed in 35 states prior to the ACA, and made available subsidized insurance coverage with premiums often capped at 200 percent of market-average rates. But these pools often retained exclusions for pre-existing conditions and annual/lifetime limits on the value of care covered. As a result, their extent varied greatly; they covered 10.2 percent of the non-group market in Minnesota, for example, but only 0.1 percent in Alabama and 2.2 percent nationwide. While covering the uninsurable with community rating imposes an unfunded mandate whose cost and incidence are not immediately obvious, high-risk pools are not designed to be entirely self-financing through premiums and depend on direct appropriations to subsidize the system. Under this system, you get what you pay for, so the states that put in more funds were able to achieve broader coverage. This makes high-risk pools a fiscally conservative option, but they are often criticized for falling well short of guaranteeing that a defined benefit is affordable to all who need it — particularly in poorer states.
An alternative approach has been to subsidize the care of high-cost individuals in an actuarially priced market through re-insurance. Although the ACA taxes plans enrolling disproportionately low-risk individuals in order to subsidize those attracting high-risk enrollees, this has failed to remedy a situation where all plans have attracted predominantly costly enrollees. In response to this challenge, a form of re-insurance was recently proposed as an amendment to the House GOP bill by Representatives Gary Palmer (R., Ala.) and Dave Schweikert (R., Ariz.), who proposed that the federal government cover the costs of all services at Medicare rates for beneficiaries who have consumed above $10,000 of services.
As with all insurance, the merit of re-insurance depends on the incentives it establishes. The Palmer-Schweikert amendment would have entirely eliminated the incentive for plans to constrain the cost of covering the most expensive beneficiaries. Policymakers have spent years struggling to encourage Medicare providers to be thrifty with diagnostic tests, or get them to administer the most cost-effective treatment options, such as Avastin (for which they are reimbursed $50 per dose) instead of the equally effective Lucentis (for which they get $2,000). The Palmer-Schweikert plan would bring many of the dysfunctions of Medicare into the individual market. Indeed, as Medicare pays 18 to 30 percent more than private insurers for the same lab tests, reimbursing insurers for diagnostic services at Medicare rates (allowing them to profit substantially from each additional test ordered) would almost be an invitation to abuse.
That said, a well-designed re-insurance provision could have some merit. If plans were subsidized according to conditions diagnosed (as Medicare Advantage plans are), they would be encouraged to provide the best treatment to the sickest beneficiaries, without having an open-ended incentive to inflate costs.
Both well-designed re-insurance and high-risk–pool systems represent superior alternatives to community rating. They can both ensure that the sickest Americans receive affordable health-insurance coverage, that insurers are incentivized to attract them with innovative, high-quality services, and that the market for the insurance of the bulk of society can be left competitive and loosely regulated.
The main difference between the two alternatives is that re-insurance leaves the chronically ill in the same kinds of plans and provider networks as healthier individuals, whereas high-risk pools segment them into a separate market. As the chronically ill have qualitatively different health-care needs than the healthy, it is likely more efficient for them to be enrolled in distinct plans. While high deductibles are appropriate for healthy individuals who need insurance only for catastrophic expenses, the chronically ill often have care needs exceeding $5,000 per month. It therefore makes sense for them to be enrolled in a plan that provides intensive preventive treatment and does not put out-of-pocket costs between them and medications necessary to prevent expensive hospitalizations.
High-risk pools also allow funds to be targeted and focused on the neediest cases (high-cost, low-income beneficiaries with pre-existing conditions), rather than sprawling to subsidize people with no need for assistance in purchasing more expensive insurance plans than they would otherwise seek. As regulatory mandates and subsidies generally induce each other, high-risk pools are better designed to keep the footprint of government intervention limited, and serve better to keep the rest of the marketplace free for competition.
So, how do we get from the current system to a system of appropriately funded high-risk pools?
The atrophy of the ACA’s exchanges has inadvertently done much of the work for us, as they have turned into something resembling a defined-benefit version of a high-risk pool. The exchanges guaranteed that individuals’ premiums and out-of-pocket health-care expenses will not exceed a certain proportion of their income, and a subsidy is provided only to purchase the second-cheapest available benchmark plan. Instead of encouraging insurers to inflate the expense of providing care to the uninsurable over time, this ensures that subsidies are reduced by the competitive efforts of plans to cut costs through efficient benefit design and provider payment.
However, exchange subsidies are currently provided to many healthy individuals who have no need for them. Rating regulations should therefore be repealed for plans outside of the exchange to allow individuals to purchase actuarially priced plans that cover no more than the health risks against which they wish to insure themselves. This would ensure that the exchanges fully shrink into a high-risk pool, and that the associated subsidies become limited to those who genuinely do need them. It would also free the millions of healthy individuals trapped in costly exchange plans (and millions more who have been unable to afford insurance altogether) to buy policies that closely meet their needs, and allow a stable pool of chronically ill beneficiaries to receive coverage from carriers who actually want their business.
Absent a practical plan to cover those with pre-existing conditions, no Obamacare replacement is likely to get off the ground. High-risk pools are the best way to direct subsidies at those who need them most, while freeing the marketplace from the unwieldy, dysfunctional, and anti-competitive system of cross-subsidies. If the GOP does not take the opportunity to offer a narrowly tailored solution to the current problem, the Democrats will be more than glad to take charge for another round of their own sweeping brand of health-care reform down the road.
— Chris Pope is a senior fellow in health policy at the Manhattan Institute.



ARTICLE
In a recent column, I made the case that Americans are fighting the Second Civil War. The deep chasm that has opened up between the Left – not liberals, the Left – and the rest of the country is so wide, and so unbridgeable, that there is no other way to describe what is happening. But I noted that, at least thus far, unlike the First Civil War, this war is not violent.
Unfortunately, there is now reason to believe that violence is coming. In fact, it’s already here. But as of now, it’s coming only from one direction.
Left-wing thugs engage in violence and threats of violence with utter impunity. They shut down speakers at colleges; block highways, bridges, and airport terminals; take over college buildings and offices; occupy state capitols; and terrorize individuals at their homes.
In order to understand why more violence might be coming, it is essential to understand that left-wing mobs are almost never stopped, arrested, or punished. Colleges do nothing to stop them, and civil authorities do nothing to stop them on campuses or anywhere else. Police are reduced to spectators as they watch left-wing gangs loot stores, smash business and car windows, and even take over state capitols (as in Madison, Wisc.).
It’s beginning to dawn on many Americans that some mayors, police chiefs, and college presidents have no interest in stopping this violence. Left-wing officials sympathize with the lawbreakers; and the police, who rarely sympathize with thugs of any ideology, are ordered to do nothing by emasculated police chiefs. Consequently, given the abdication by all these authorities of their role to protect the public, some members of the public will inevitably decide that they will protect themselves and others.
This ability of the Left to get away with violence is one of the gravest threats to American society in its modern history. Since the Civil War, I can think of only two comparable eruptions of mob violence that authorities allowed. One was when white mobs lynched blacks. The other was the rioting by blacks, such as the Los Angeles riots 25 years ago, and the recent riots in Ferguson and Baltimore.
Today, authorities in what we once proudly proclaimed the “Land of the Free and Home of the Brave” are intimidated to the point of paralysis.
And exactly what do they fear? Not violence – they have made peace with left-wing violence. What they fear is the left-wing media. If Black Lives Matter is forcefully prevented from blocking tens of thousands of cars from entering or leaving San Francisco, the police and local authorities will be labeled “racist” by black leaders, a smear that will then be echoed by the New York Times and rest of the left-wing media.
Likewise, if a college president requests enough police onto a college campus to ensure that a Heather Mac Donald, a Charles Murray, or an Ann Coulter can deliver a lecture, some of the student-gangsters engaged in violence might be injured – and that college president will then be pilloried by the mainstream media.
Furthermore, left-wing violence doesn’t succeed only where it takes place: It also succeeds where nothing happens. The Left can now shut down places and events just by threatening violence. This is what happened last week in Portland, Ore. One leftist called in a threat to the annual 82nd Avenue of the Roses parade, saying that the Republican-party contingent marching in the parade would be beaten up. The business leaders organizing the parade canceled the whole event for the first time in its ten-year history. Had they had any reason to believe that, in left-wing Portland, the police would have adequately protected the marchers, one assumes (hopes?) that they would not have canceled the parade.
An e-mail sent to parade organizers perfectly summed up the Left’s dominance of America through violence: “You have seen how much power we have downtown and that the police cannot stop us from shutting down roads so please consider your decision wisely.”
Meanwhile, the press lies about alleged “white supremacists” in the Trump administration and about an alleged massive surge in anti-Semitism – in order to do what the Left has done since Lenin: blame others while it alone organizes violence.
So, here’s a prediction: If college presidents, mayors, and police chiefs won’t stop left-wing mobs, other Americans will. I hope this doesn’t happen, because electing conservative Republicans and not donating money to colleges would be more effective. But it is almost inevitable.
Then the left-wing media – the mainstream media – will enter hysteria mode with reports that “right-wing fascists” are violently attacking America.
And that’s when mayors and college presidents will finally order in the police.
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.com
 



ARTICLE
Republicans have put on a clinic on over-promising during the past several years.
Even if you were paying only very little attention, you would have gotten the distinct impression over the past four election cycles that the GOP was unalterably committed to repealing and replacing Obamacare.
It didn’t matter what year the Republicans were running (2010, 2012, 2014, or 2016) or what presidential candidate (earnest, establishment-friendly Mitt Romney or bombastic outsider Donald Trump), repeal of Obamacare remained the consistent theme.
The party didn’t leave anything in doubt. It didn’t rely on weasel words or escape hatches. Republicans pledged to, as Texas senator Ted Cruz put it, repeal “every blasted word of Obamacare.” And not in phases, not slowly over time, but ASAP.
Exaggerating only a little more than other Republicans, Donald Trump said last year that “we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare. Have to do it. I will ask Congress to convene a special session so we can repeal and replace, and it will be such an honor for me, for you, and for everybody in this country because Obamacare has to be replaced and we will do it very, very quickly.”
With the House on the verge perhaps of getting a repeal-and-replace bill through, it is worth recalling the years of sweeping promises. The House bill will roll back Obamacare taxes and introduce a significant reform of Medicaid, but when it comes to the heart of Obamacare — the regulations — the bill only makes it possible for states to get waivers, based on certain conditions.
This is a bill probably worth having, even if it would have earned the derision of Republicans back in the days when they were winning elections with Churchillian statements of resolve on Obamacare. Then, it would have been considered a contemptible half a loaf — at best. Now, when Republicans actually have power, everything looks different.
First, there are the cold feet. As soon as Republicans were confronted with the possibility of writing law rather than making symbolic gestures, they lost much of their enthusiasm for the repeal-only bill they had sent to President Barack Obama’s desk for a ritual veto in January 2016. (Republican support for that bill at the time was near-unanimous, 239–3 in the House and 52–2 in the Senate).
Second, while think-tank types and a few officeholders seriously grappled with what a replacement bill would look like, the party had no consensus on replace. For much of the party it was merely the second part of the repeal-and-replace slogan.
Third, many Republican moderates in the House were highly reluctant to repeal Obamacare, even though they hadn’t bothered to let anyone know.
Finally, the highest-profile Obamacare regulations, especially the protections for people with pre-existing conditions, are politically potent. Whether to get rid of them and how has proved the main sticking point in the House, and even the carefully crafted waiver provision is vulnerable to distortion and stinging attack.
All of this means House Republicans have been hard-pressed to pass an incomplete and jury-rigged repeal-and-replace. To their credit, they didn’t simply give up after the failure of the first version. And their work has been significantly complicated by taking into account what can ultimately survive under Senate rules bypassing the filibuster.
Checking the box of a health-care bill in the House, almost any health-care bill, will impart some momentum to the effort, although it’s unclear what the prospects will be in the Senate, where the divisions over Obamacare are as stark as in the House, and the margin for error even smaller.
What is obvious is that this hasn’t been the glorious triumph as advertised election after election. The cliché is that you campaign in poetry and govern in prose. Republicans campaigned for years in stark exaggerations and now are governing in flawed compromises.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate 



ARTICLE
The only people who can’t recognize that our nation has a “smug liberal” problem are smug liberals. Case in point, smug liberal (and television comedienne) Samantha Bee. On Sunday, CNN’s Jake Tapper asked Bee to react to a pre-election Ross Douthat column that called out Bee and other late-night comics in part for creating a comedy world of “hectoring monologues,” full of comedians who are “less comics than propagandists — liberal ‘explanatory journalists’ with laugh lines.”
We’re all familiar with the style. It features the generous use of selective clips from Fox News, copious amounts of mockery, and a quick Wikipedia- and Google-search level of factual understanding. The basic theme is always the same: Look at how corrupt, evil, and stupid our opponents are, look how obviously correct we are, and laugh at my marvelous and clever explanatory talent. It’s like sitting through an especially ignorant and heavy-handed Ivy League lecture, complete with the sycophantic crowd lapping up every word.
Bee, the host of TBS’s Full Frontal, of course, couldn’t see the problem and not only told Tapper that she didn’t think there was a smug-liberal problem, she also howlingly added that in her own show, “We always err on the side of comedy.”
Yep, they sure are hilarious (language warning):
The irony is that at the exact moment when Bee was denying America’s smug-liberal problem, smug liberals were in full meltdown mode over Bret Stephens’s first column for New York Times. Stephens is a Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist, anti-Trump conservative, and a former columnist for the Wall Street Journal. In his essay for the Times, Stephens had the audacity to — gasp — address the possibility of scientific uncertainty in the climate-change debate.
Let’s be clear about what Stephens actually said. Here’s his summary of the current state of climate science:
Here’s the translation: Science teaches us that humans have helped cause global warming, but when we try to forecast the extent of the warming and its effects on our lives, the certainty starts to recede. In addition, the activism has gotten ahead of the science. Indeed, Stephens even quotes the New York Times’ own environmental reporter, Andrew Revkin, who has observed that he “saw a widening gap between what scientists had been learning about global warming and what advocates were claiming as they pushed ever harder to pass climate legislation.”
Not only did the “hyperbole” not “fit the science at the time,” but — Stephens writes — “censoriously asserting one’s moral superiority and treating skeptics as imbeciles and deplorables wins few converts.”
As if on cue, parts of liberal Twitter melted down. Stephens was instantly treated as, yes, an imbecile and a deplorable. Not only did the vast majority of commentators ignore his argument, they treated it as beneath contempt. But can anyone actually doubt that climate predictions are uncertain? Does anyone doubt that climate activists’ rhetoric has far outstripped not just the scientific consensus but even the bounds of good sense? This 2008 Good Morning America report is just too funny not to repost:
Note that GMA’s dystopian future — with Manhattan sinking under the waves — is set in 2015.
Bizarrely, even the commentary calling for Stephens’s head inadvertently make his point. For example, David Roberts writes in Vox that “the New York Times should not have hired climate change bullshitter Bret Stephens,” but buried in the middle of Roberts’s harangue is this “to be sure” paragraph:
Umm, yes, and that’s exactly why we need to ask hard questions about proposed solutions — rather than simply accepting environmentalist propaganda at face value.
Liberal dogma is rapidly becoming a secular religion, a “faith” that conspicuously omits any requirement that one love his enemies. Christians have long struggled to keep one of Christ’s most difficult commands, but many leftists don’t even try. To many, it’s not even a virtue. Indeed, the same kind of vitriol is a hallmark of the post-religious Right and is part of the explanation for extreme polarization. Post-Christian countries eschew Christian values, including the very values that can and should prevent even the most ardent activists from becoming arrogant . . . and intolerant.
Yes, there is a smug-liberal problem in America, one that smart liberals recognize. Stephens is right. You don’t win converts with mockery. You can sometimes win grudging compliance, but you mainly make enemies — especially when your mockery reveals your own ignorance and inconsistency. But as we know, the smug liberal doesn’t care. They want to make enemies. After all, how do they measure their own virtue? When the Right rages, they rejoice. The unbelievers deserve their pain.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
When I set out to write about my friend Kate O’Beirne on my phone, we are immediately in emphasis mode, as she was KATE THE GREAT in my address book. So when I go to write her name, it’s ALL CAPS, all the time. So let me tell you about KATE. Because in the way she died, she put one final spotlight on what’s most important in life.
Kate O’Beirne, first of all, died on April 23, which this year happened to be Divine Mercy Sunday, a relatively new feast day in the Catholic Church, treasured by Pope Francis and Pope Benedict and by John Paul II before them. Three years ago on the feast, we were in Rome with mutual friends, praying and playing together as pilgrims at the canonization Mass of Popes John Paul II and John XXIII. As always, there was about her a peace and grace and wisdom and wit that I prayed I might acquire through osmosis.
And great she was. I don’t know that she’d take to our canonizing her, and that’s above my pay grade and not what I seek to do here. But she was someone who tried to make the world better for others, starting with the person right in front of her, or standing in the corner, or quiet at the meeting table. She reached out to people not as blessed as she was with family and resources. She gave whenever the opportunity presented itself, and looked for ways to create opportunities. She was sanctifying the world with her prayerful — and fun and wise — presence.
She was perhaps best known for being Washington editor of National Review and a panelist on CNN’s Capital Gang. But to so many who were blessed to know her off the page and off screen, she was a source of advice, support, and ideas galore.
Some years ago when two friends of mine and I set out to start Catholic Voices in the United States, seeking to help people articulate the faith with love in all situations, Kate was the No. 1 supporter of the effort, donating her own time and roping in her family, too. She would pitch it to bishops and cardinals in the highest offices of the Church. This, despite being known as a conservative pundit. Because how she handled the debate shows was different. She’d articulate and defend her conservative views with substance, grace, wit, and wisdom. She treated people as people, not opposing talking points. So she established and maintained long-term relationships that grew into friendships. That made her views more compelling, inspiring and helping people see the beauty of the Catholic faith, which was the treasure of her life, along with her family.
This despite — or because of — being the author of a book called Women Who Make the World Worse and How Their Radical Feminist Assault Is Ruining Our Schools, Families, Military, and Sports. I say “despite” because the book certainly puts feminism as we conventionally know it on the defensive. But I say also “because of” because in many ways her book and her faith partook of the same spirit. If feminists truly believed in empowering women for freedom and choice, they’d rejoice in the example of Kate O’Beirne, pro-life, supportive of the traditional family, and determined that you might see that being a woman does not mean that you are part of a monolithic political vote in any given election. (Had Hillary Clinton been reading Kate O’Beirne, she might have changed her gender-privilege position — I am woman, I am inevitably president — years ago.)
Kate’s book exposed the “modern women’s movement” as “totalitarian in its methods, radical in its aims, and dishonest in its advocacy.” As she lays out her case — which was published in 2006 and stands the test of time — she shines an authoritative and motherly light, to stop the bloodletting in a culture that tends to pour salt onto open wounds and add misery upon miseries.
Her book is also resplendent with gratitude. “Long before NOW [the National Organization of Women] held its first organizational meeting, there were female role models who exemplified initiative, intelligence, and independence. America’s first large network of professional women was Catholic nuns. In the 1900s, they built and ran the country’s largest private school and hospital systems. These women were nurses, teachers — and CEOs.” She would have loved that the Washington Post took the hint and mentioned these trailblazers in the first paragraph of their obituary of Kate.
In recent years, she spent more of her time with her beloved family and treasured her time with her grandchildren in a particular way. She was awed by their beautiful personalities and sensitive souls. Once described in a newspaper column as the “crème de la crème of Washington insiderdom,” she was every bit the same woman regardless of the environment. You may have encountered her sharp political analysis, but what was life-changing was her confident, radiant faith. That was her greatest of great gifts. And as she lay in her hospital bed in her last hours, although she could not speak, the message was clear: All is gift, all is grace. Make the world better, and fall into the arms of the Creator who made all that is good in love. And so she did and has.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Like all my museum colleagues, I support funding for the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Institute for Museum and Library Services. Unlike many, though, I think they need to change.
I went to a lecture the other day, and the speaker, a distinguished scholar, prefaced her talk with an appeal to write my congressman in support of these agencies. If they were abolished, she warned, “no more art” would result. She should stick to her art-history day job, since prophecy is clearly not her strength. The not-for-profit arts and humanities sector nationwide spent $17.3 billion last year, and this doesn’t include college and university spending, the art market, and corporate spending on for-profit arts. Federal support is less than .4 percent of this amount.
The American model for supporting the arts is different from the European model. Private giving supports culture here; in Europe, it’s mostly government-funded. I’m not suggesting federal culture spending can’t make a big difference. I’m suggesting that this money, as we spend it now, usually doesn’t.
So let’s stop the atrocity propaganda. Without these agencies, culture will continue to thrive. I was the director of the Addison Gallery of American Art in Andover, Mass., for ten years. Phillips Academy, my parent institution, did not take federal money. We certainly could have gotten federal grants for many of our great shows, but instead we made them happen through fundraising. Still, without a federal role, some precious opportunities would be lost forever.
It’s been a long time since basic questions were put to these agencies. Questions like: “What compelling interest can federal money for the arts serve?” Or: “What can federal money do that private philanthropy won’t?” Or: “Can more focus produce big results?”
Right now, these agencies are aggressively unfocused. Together they give thousands of grants, most of them small. Self-preservation might lead to spreading money among many congressional districts, but to me, it suggests that lots of money is piddled away. Small grants to individual research projects, artists, exhibitions, and theater or music productions are nice, yet almost all these things would happen anyway without federal help. Federal funding often ends up simply increasing an institution’s general budget. It doesn’t move the nation’s cultural needle.
I would leave small grants to the state arts and humanities agencies. They can target money to projects whose quality, impact, and timeliness they understand best. Currently, in the case of the NEA and the NEH, 40 percent of their funds goes directly to state arts agencies. This is money well spent; it’s closer to the people.
How much federal money actually hits the checking accounts of artists, scholars, and arts institutions? I suspect lots of it goes to staff salaries, conferences, staff travel, and think-tank-style reports. The staffs are committed and conscientious, but they’re also big. There’s an enormous vetting and compliance bureaucracy built into these agencies, and they often do duplicative work.
Do we give preference to projects that are both worthy and needy? The NEH gives money to the Getty Museum. With a $5 billion endowment, the Getty is not needy, as worthy as it is. Some means-testing might be a good idea. I’d like to see bigger grants for transformative goals to arts organizations that genuinely struggle to pay the bills. Many parts of the country have cultural creativity and ambition, but their donor bases aren’t as big as Boston, New York, or Chicago. Why don’t we give these less advantaged places priority?
If we’re spending money on culture, here are some more big agenda items. Congress and President Trump seem likely to spend $1 trillion on new infrastructure. Arts infrastructure belongs in the mix. Many arts venues are burdened by inadequate storage, lack of climate control or classrooms, inadequate access for the disabled, and stages or lighting that need renovation. These back-of-house challenges are tough to fund because they lack glamour, and donors like glamour. Yet they benefit arts organizations by liberating them from physical limitations and allowing them to do more and do it better.
Another big project is promoting free admission. Federal arts agencies don’t do much to lower the cost of the arts to users. Museums should be free. The Addison was free. Free admission is the quickest and best way to increase accessibility and attendance. Museums resist it, but here’s a secret: Aside from heavily touristed areas, museum admission charges don’t generate much money. They exist primarily to drive museum memberships, which fundraisers see as a first rung for donors. Given the choice between broad, free access and attracting members, museums will invariably pick memberships, which for many users aren’t a financial option. Admission charges thus become a barrier to entry for poor people and for many families.
A simple change would dramatically promote accessibility: No museum should receive federal indemnity for exhibitions, or federal immunity from seizure for foreign loans, unless it has a robust free-admission policy. Federal indemnity serves museums by insuring loans of paintings with high market values, eliminating the need for expensive commercial insurance. The immunity-from-seizure program protects foreign lenders of art from American ownership lawsuits while their art is in scholarly shows in the United States. These are essential programs for museums today.
Not all museums must be totally free, but recipients of federal money, federal indemnities, and federal immunities should head in this direction. Exhibitions receiving federal help should certainly be free. Museums should offer free admission to residents of the cities or counties that host them. And college and university museums should be free to all; they are part of big, tax-exempt institutions and are often the only things on campus open to the general public.
If museums benefit from federal assistance, they have a corresponding duty to help achieve national goals. Elsewhere I’ve written about the idea of linking these programs and federal cultural spending to a collection-sharing effort. Currently, many big museums, mostly in our major cities on the East and West Coasts, have thousands of great objects in storage that are rarely seen. A national interest would be served by liberating these objects and, where condition and security allow, sending them to museums throughout the country that don’t have such large and impressive permanent collections.
The selection of topics that receive federal funding should be narrowed. Last year the NEH made grants of $50,000 each, not insignificant, to projects on Kurdish nationalism, wine production in Tsarist Russia, and Indians in Brazil. Each of these sounds engaging, but aren’t they really the province of special-interest foundations or individual donors? It makes more sense to focus on American topics — American art, American history, and American theater, dance, and music. It’s the culture of our country, and it’s in our interest to nurture it. There are not a lot of foundations focusing on American art; I should know as a long-time director of a great museum specializing in American art.
Federal agencies should prioritize projects that enhance our understanding of American identity and citizenship. Fewer and fewer people seem to know anything about either. Let’s put the deity of multiculturalism aside; we’re not citizens of the world. If we’re citizens of everywhere, we’re citizens of nowhere, and that’s a false value. A focus on American culture doesn’t have to be exclusive, but it needs to be a priority, since the money comes from American taxpayers.
Our national culture programs are decades old. In some respects, they have become insular, bureaucratic, and sclerotic. The focus I suggest on a few goals of substance needn’t last forever. But the need to address big issues now will keep these agencies in place and relevant.
— Brian T. Allen was the director of the museum division of the New-York Historical Society, the director of the Addison Gallery of American Art, and the curator of American art at the Clark Art Institute. He lives in Arlington, Vt.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The epithet “climate denier,” intended to invoke Holocaust denial, has always been tasteless and inapt. Climate change is not like the Holocaust, nor is questioning the accuracy and predictive power of a scientific model like questioning the historical fact of a genocide that murdered 6 million Jews. But climate activists delighted in defining their opposition this way, with help from prominent figures such as Barack Obama, who in 2014 used Twitter to condemn “climate change deniers” and promote a website, run by Organizing for Action (formerly Obama for America), that featured large black-and-white pictures of then–House speaker John Boehner and Senator Marco Rubio atop a green “Climate Change Deniers” banner. “On climate,” asked the site’s headline, “whose side are you on?”
For a while, this seemed to work. Framing the climate debate as one between noble keepers of the scientific flame and people akin to Nazis gave the former group license to say almost anything. To the casual observer, even the most egregious exaggeration about climate science could seem reasonable compared with its outright rejection. Thus, Obama’s assertion in his 2015 State of the Union address that “no challenge — no challenge — poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change” became widely accepted. When Senator Bernie Sanders warned during a presidential debate that “the scientific community is telling us that if we do not address the global crisis of climate change . . . the planet that we’re going to be leaving our kids and our grandchildren may well not be habitable,” he was not laughed off the stage.
Often, the politicians and pundits targeted with the “denier” label did deserve blame. Ignoring the best available scientific research — an obvious starting point in any other policy debate — was irresponsible or dishonest. Their arguments rarely emerged from any valuable scientific insight, but usually from a fear that acknowledging the scientific basis of climate change would mean accepting radical and costly responses. This was doubly counterproductive: Not only did it grant by default a mainstream foothold to outlandishly overblown climate fears, but also it sidelined and undermined more important and compelling policy-based objections to the activist agenda.
And then a funny thing happened: “Denial” gave way to those more reasoned arguments. Perhaps the accumulation of scientific evidence changed minds. Perhaps it was only the political reality that sank in. Regardless, opponents of aggressive climate policy mostly stopped questioning whether the climate was warming and whether human activity played a role — the two points of agreement that define the famous “97 percent consensus” of climate scientists — and started explaining why that consensus did not justify costly and ineffective policies.
This shift in focus from the basic science of climate change to its public-policy implications has been a disaster for climate activists, exposing the flabbiness at the core of their position. Softened by years of punching down at their opponents’ worst arguments, they became addicted to asserting that “science says so,” and they are now lost when it doesn’t.
When Sanders, back in the Senate, questioned Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt during the latter’s confirmation hearing to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, it was the interrogator who couldn’t keep his facts straight. Pruitt asserted that “the climate is changing, and human activity contributes to that in some manner,” explaining that he had inserted the caveat (“in some manner”) because “the ability to measure, with precision, the degree of human activity’s impact on the climate is subject to more debate.” Pressed by Sanders, he stated again: “The climate is changing, and human activity impacts that.”
Pruitt wanted to discuss “the job of the [EPA] administrator,” which he noted was “to carry out the statutes passed by [Congress].” He also agreed that the “EPA has a very important role at regulating the emission of CO2.” But Sanders was determined to show that Pruitt rejected the scientific consensus, even if this meant falsifying the contents of that consensus.
Sanders claimed that “97 percent of the scientists who wrote articles in peer-reviewed journals believe that human activity is the fundamental reason we are seeing climate change.” That is wrong. A survey-of-surveys published last year in Environmental Research Letters reported that prior surveys had found 78 percent of scientists agreeing that “the cause of global warming over the past 150 years was mostly human,” 82 percent agreeing that “human activity is a significant contributing factor in changing mean global temperatures,” and 85 percent agreeing that “anthropogenic greenhouse gases are the dominant driver of recent global warming.” Of course, even among those expressing agreement about the “significant” or “dominant” human role, debate would presumably have emerged about whether natural factors accounted for 0, 10, 25, or 50 percent.
Sanders also claimed that “97 percent of scientists who have written articles for peer-reviewed journals have concluded that climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and it is already causing devastating problems in our country and around the world.” As to the devastating problems, this also is false. He said “the vast majority of scientists are telling us that if we do not get our act together and transform our energy system away from fossil fuel, there is a real question as to the quality of the planet that we are going to be leaving our children and our grandchildren.” Also untrue.
In fact, scientists and economists hold widely varying views on the costs that climate change has caused and will cause. Surveys of scientists rarely address social consequences or policy implications. When President Obama tweeted that “Ninety-seven percent of scientists agree: #climate change is real, man-made and dangerous,” even Salon had to acknowledge he was wrong to say “dangerous.” Only half of the economists surveyed by NYU’s Institute for Policy Integrity in 2015 believed “immediate and drastic action is necessary” on climate change; only 56 percent said that “if nothing is done to limit climate change in the future” it would be a “very serious” problem for the United States; only 41 percent believed “climate change is already having a negative effect on the global economy.”
But the New York Times had categorized the Pruitt nomination under the heading climate change denial, albeit without any support. So when Pruitt testified, Times reporter Coral Davenport tweeted, “#Pruitt on #climate: ‘Science tells us climate is changing’ but says extent of human role is up for debate. False.” In her accompanying story, she reported that Pruitt’s views were “not consistent with the scientific consensus” as reflected by the U.N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
What does the IPCC actually say? While it is “extremely likely that human activities caused more than half of the observed increase in [temperature] from 1951 to 2010,” the attribution for the approximately 0.6°C of warming requires wide ranges that are “likely” to be accurate: between 0.5 and 1.3°C for greenhouse gases, between – 0.6 and + 0.1°C for other human activity, and between – 0.1 and + 0.1°C apiece for natural causes and internal variability. For the slower warming observed during the period from 1998 to 2012, the IPCC could offer only low to medium confidence in its explanation.
So Pruitt’s comments were not “False.” Indeed, in a later story Davenport’s colleague Justin Gillis acknowledged that Pruitt’s position was “almost axiomatically true.” But, Gillis argued, it remained problematic because
This is the crux of the matter. Statements about climate change are no longer being policed for their accuracy, but rather for the degree to which they help or harm the activist agenda. The Atlantic explains that “the new climate denial is like the old climate denial” because “both are excuses for inaction.” Why didn’t Sanders ask Pruitt the obvious follow-ups: “Do you see that lack of precision as relevant to the policy choices facing us?” or “Of course, science is always subject to imprecision, but do you believe we should take action to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions?” Sanders didn’t ask these questions because he had no interest in discussing climate policy, where his own ideas make no sense (including, for instance, banning nuclear power and “bringing climate deniers to justice”). His position rests on the fiction that scientists unanimously agree, and that is where he must make his stand.
Pruitt’s emphasis on the difficulty of measuring, “with precision, the degree of human activity’s impact” also crosses a red line for activists, because the precision with which climate models can describe what is happening links directly to the precision with which they can describe what will happen. If scientists do not know exactly how the climate system is behaving now, we might accord less weight to their projections into the distant future.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hit that tripwire in his own confirmation hearing when he said: “The increase in the greenhouse-gas concentrations in the atmosphere are [sic] having an effect; our ability to predict that effect is very limited.” Professor Katharine Hayhoe mocked the claim, suggesting that perhaps it would have been correct in the 1800s. “In 2017? Not so much.” Professor Michael Mann called it “indefensible.” In the Guardian, Dana Nuccitelli concluded, “Functionally [Tillerson] might not be very different than a Secretary of State who outright denies climate change.” Mashable’s Andrew Freedman warned that Tillerson, Pruitt, and fellow Trump nominee Rick Perry had “moved from outright climate denial to a more subtle, insidious and risky form.”
But as the IPCC emphasizes, the range for future projections remains enormous. The central question is “climate sensitivity” — the amount of warming that accompanies a doubling of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. As of its Fifth Assessment Report in 2013, the IPCC could estimate only that this sensitivity is somewhere between 1.5 and 4.5°C. Nor is science narrowing that range. The 2013 assessment actually widened it on the low end, from a 2.0–4.5°C range in the prior assessment. And remember, for any specific level of warming, forecasts vary widely on the subsequent environmental and economic implications.
At least one might assume that reasonable minds could be allowed to differ on the ultimate question of how well society is likely to cope with the effects of climate change — a political, social, and economic question several degrees removed from anything resembling a scientific consensus. Not so. I addressed these issues in a recent Foreign Affairs essay, in which I called the IPCC “the gold-standard summary,” cited it repeatedly, and adopted its estimate that temperatures could rise by 3 to 4°C this century. My essay further embraced the Obama administration’s “Social Cost of Carbon” analysis and adopted its high-case model for economic cost. But the essay argued that the likely impact of all this was “manageable” rather than “catastrophic.” Mann decried it as “#Koch climate denial propaganda.” Eric Holthaus, meteorologist and host of the podcast Our Warm Regards, called it “a master class in modern climate denial.”
The scope of viewpoints that constitute “denial” is rapidly expanding to swallow all opposition to favored climate policies. In Scientific American, blogger Peter Dykstra declared “grudgingly admitting the problem while scrambling to avoid addressing it” to be a form of climate denial. Writing in Rolling Stone, Bill McKibben pathetically attempted to introduce the term “Renewables Denial” (“at least as ugly and insidious as its twin sister, Climate Denial”) to describe skepticism that wind and solar power can meet the world’s energy needs anytime soon.
At stake are the boundaries of debate in our democratic society, on an issue that the self-appointed enforcers insist is the most important one facing us. The ad hominem “denier” criticism places arguments and their purveyors beyond the pale, unworthy of response. Appealing to a purported “97 percent consensus” asserts that the question has been scientifically answered and policymakers have no business debating it. Such rhetorical techniques are wildly inappropriate where science is in fact, by its own admission, not settled, and especially where science is but one input to a difficult policy question.
Fortunately, this nonsense is unsustainable. The Times tried letting people speak for themselves, introducing quotes from twelve of Trump’s Cabinet nominees with the summary: “Most of the people President-elect Donald J. Trump has chosen for the top tiers of his administration have expressed doubt that climate change is caused by human activity.” But anyone who actually read the quotes discovered that most of them raised no issues with climate science at all.
In early March, Davenport tried calling Trump appointees “skeptics,” rather than “deniers.” But Gillis summarized her story, headlined “EPA Head Stacks Agency with Climate Change Skeptics,” in a tweet as “Top posts at EPA are being stocked with climate-change denialists.” He then acknowledged that the conflicting word choices were no accident and that the Times “cannot seem to achieve internal consistency about what word to use, despite best efforts.” That was awkward, though not as awkward as Professor Michael Mann’s testimony before the House Science Committee later that month: “I don’t believe I called anybody here a denier,” he asserted, “yet that’s been stated over and over again. So I’ve been misrepresented quite a bit today.” To which Professor Judith Curry, sitting just to his right, responded, “It’s in your written testimony.” Sure enough, on page 6, Mann referred to “climate science denier Judith Curry,” even averring, “I use the term carefully.”
Activists, so eager to bar the gates to the public square and keep their opponents out, have instead locked themselves in. If everyone agrees with the 97 percent consensus, and that consensus does not dictate any particular policy outcome, they have nothing else to say. Perhaps this is for the best. If the extremists from both sides become sufficiently marginalized, a reasoned policy debate might emerge about the real risks of climate change and the cost-effective responses. This would require the media to admit that their “denier” terminology has lost all meaning and to attend equally to the scientifically unsupported statements from both sides.
It would also require a consistent, scientifically accurate message from the White House. The president should clean up the embarrassing ambiguity and vacuity in his own views. And his administration should make clear that it works from mainstream scientific conclusions. EPA Administrator Pruitt confused matters greatly with comments to CNBC last month that went beyond his testimony about “precision” and “debate” and suggested that human activity was not the primary cause of recent warming. Pruitt had no basis for taking that position, nor does he gain anything from it; even Fox News confronted him. Conversely, an accurate statement of the science would only strengthen his position in defending the policies he seeks to implement. The more he focuses discussion on costs and benefits of EPA actions, the more reasonable he will seem — and the more reasonable he will be.
For now, though, navigating the climate debate will require translating the phrase “climate denier” to mean “anyone unsympathetic to the most aggressive activists’ claims.” This apparently includes anyone who acknowledges meaningful uncertainty in climate models, adopts a less-than-catastrophic outlook about the consequences of future warming, or opposes any facet of the activist policy agenda. The activists will be identifiable as the small group continuing to shout “Denier!” The “deniers” will be identifiable as everyone else.
— Oren Cass is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. This article appears in the May 1, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Everyone said Guardians of the Galaxy was a great movie and everyone was, as usual, wrong. I thought it only sporting to give Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 a try, but it’s exactly the same kind of thing and is terrible in exactly the same way. I think I laughed twice during the original, 2014 film, but the sequel didn’t manage to get a single chuckle out of me, which ties it for the least funny comedy I’ve ever seen. “Ow, my nipples!” cries one character, late in the movie, and I found it impossible not to think of a TV program of almost the same title that happens to be the most popular show in a brain-dead future USA posited in Mike Judge’s Idiocracy.
James Gunn, the writer-director of both Guardians space comedies, has one comic mode, or reflex: The incongruous follow-up. It goes like this: “You’re cybernetically engineered . . . ” — wait for it — “to be a douchebag!” A loud, blustery action scene is undercut by a quip. Or a line of dire, terrified dialogue is undercut by a dismissive one-liner. Or a massacre is set off against a silly pop song on the soundtrack. That was fresh when Quentin Tarantino staged the infamous ear-cutting scene to the strains of “Stuck in the Middle with You,” but Reservoir Dogs was 25 years ago, and besides, Gunn already beat the gimmick to death in the first Guardians movie.
At the outset of the sequel, as outer-space warrior “Star-Lord” Peter Quill (Chris Pratt), sexy alien Gamora (Zoe Saldana), and hulking sidekick Drax (Dave Bautista) do battle with some sort of tentacled beast in the background, in the foreground we have the toddler-plant Baby Groot dancing around to Electric Light Orchestra’s “Mr. Blue Sky.” Later, Rocket the wisecracking raccoon (voiced by Bradley Cooper in the style of an acerbic 1940s cab driver from a black-and-white movie) will kill dozens of thugs while the soundtrack blares Glen Campbell’s “Southern Nights.” It’s the same joke, if you can call it a joke at all. Gunn should be directing TV commercials, where one idea is all you need and you don’t have time to gnaw it to the bone.
The two references to Drax’s ouchy nipples undermine in just the same way the action scenes in which they occur. After we learn amid many displays of awe and splendor that Quill’s father (Kurt Russell) is a god of virtually limitless power, someone inquires whether he has a penis. Ha, ha: “penis”! I suppose there’s a kind of genius in Gunn’s ability to remember what made him laugh in fourth grade, but if your sense of what’s funny hasn’t grown a tad more sophisticated since you were in primary school, then . . . well, you’re part of the vast majority of America, I guess, the Ow, My Balls! culture Judge parodied so well.
Gunn is clueless about how to structure an action scene to make it exciting or suspenseful, and so he settles for making the set pieces noisy and chaotic. And, I have to add, beautiful: Even in a 3-D version, which normally registers as muddy on screen, Guardians 2 is gorgeously designed, especially in a scene in which our heroes are chased by hundreds of remotely piloted spaceships firing at each other in a glorious explosion of color. It’s mesmerizing to look at, even if there isn’t the slightest worry that the Guardians are actually in peril from a race of gold-skinned aliens who threaten an apocalyptic level of havoc because (I’m not kidding) the raccoon stole their batteries. Alfred Hitchcock himself freely acknowledged that a thriller needs a not necessarily plausible gimmick called a MacGuffin to get everyone moving, but I don’t think it’s too much for the central plot device of a major motion picture to be more interesting than “the raccoon stole their batteries.”
Quill is a lonely soul who misses his late mother, and Guardians 2 reaches for a bit of emotional substance underneath the nipple-and-penis jokes, but Gunn’s heart isn’t in the mushy stuff. The only reason we know there’s an attraction between Peter and Gamora is that Quill keeps talking about it. Given that he’s an emotionally incontinent quipster and she’s an entirely cold-blooded humorless killing machine, they don’t seem to enjoy each other’s company, nor will you much care whether they get together in the end. The only connection they seem to share is that, for much of the movie, they are standing next to each other.
So their supposed love story is about as riveting as Gunn’s supposedly irreverent sense of humor. A desperate comic laughs at his own jokes. Gunn frequently tries to jolly things along by ordering up for his characters not just laughter but loud, booming, sustained guffaws in response to, for instance, learning that one villain calls himself “Taserface.” No amount of ambient laughter can make that funny, much less hilarious. You don’t get a pass on bad writing just because your characters are idiots.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Anaheim, Calif., is the home of Disneyland, of course. It is also the home of a Major League Baseball franchise. What are they now?
They started out as the Los Angeles Angels. Then they became the California Angels. And then the Anaheim Angels. And now they are — drumroll, please — the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
That is a rebranding odyssey. And they’ve remained angelic all through it. In fact, there is a book about the franchise called “Under the Halo.”
It’s hard to think of people living in Anaheim. You think of it as a place that people come to, in order to visit Disneyland. But of course people live here — some 335,000 of them.
I have a friend who grew up in Anaheim. He sometimes calls himself a “Disneyland Republican.” Why? Well, when he was growing up, he liked to go to Disneyland because it was clean, safe, and fun. There were rules — but there was also fun. Indeed, there was fun because there were rules. Disneyland, he saw, was an atmosphere of ordered liberty.
He was struck by the contrast between this and Knott’s Berry Farm, several miles away. There, you sensed danger, with gangs and the like. Knott’s Berry Farm was not well policed. You were better off at Disneyland.
Funny how people come to the views they hold. My friend’s early experiences make perfect sense to me.
“Anaheim” is a nice name. A peculiar name. Where did it come from? The almighty Wikipedia will tell me. “Anaheim” is a joining of “Ana” and “heim.” “Ana” comes from the nearby Santa Ana River. Heim, in German, means home. The city was founded by German Americans in the middle of the 19th century.
I’ll be danged.
Believe it or not, I have not come to Anaheim to visit Disneyland, pleasant as that would be. I have not even come to see an Angels game. I am covering an event for National Review.
That event is the big annual conference of DECA. And what’s DECA? An association that prepares high-school students for careers in business, and for life in general. It is a “point of light,” as the first Bush would say.
I’ll tell you about it in National Review. Then, I’ll have a series of notes here on the website. But I can’t resist saying a couple of things now, seeing as we’re here.
DECA’s conference includes competition — business competitions, which test students in a variety of areas. While competing, a student must wear the blazer: a blue blazer with the “DECA” patch on it. That is the uniform, so to speak.
The blazer looks pretty sharp, yes. (I’ve long said that a blue blazer “will cover a multitude of sins.” Bill Buckley practically lived in a blazer. A “blazuh,” he called it.) But the DECA blazer is required because it is an equalizer: Everyone looks the same, more or less. Rich kids, poor kids, and kids in between. The blazer obviates the vexing problem of dress.
So, I have a memory. When he was defense secretary, Caspar Weinberger was invited to Oxford to debate E. P. Thompson, the famed British leftist. Weinberger showed up in black tie, as he had been asked to do. Thompson was in a worn tweed jacket or something.
And, in his opening remarks, Thompson mocked Weinberger for his fancy wear.
I’m going from memory here, but I believe that Weinberger responded, “My father always said that a tuxedo was the most democratic of costumes — because everyone looks the same in it.”
Heh. Nice goin’, Cap.
The DECA conference has an Executive Mentor session. My own bad self was in it, as a mentor. They were scraping the bottom of the barrel. Another mentor was Allan Bell, of Atlanta. He did not start out in Atlanta. He started out in Detroit.
In the hard-core ghetto, a difficult place to escape. A difficult place to survive.
Allan was the youngest of 16 children. His mother died when he was ten. His father could not afford to send him to college. Think of the strain on that father, trying to take care of his family.
You’ll never believe this: At twelve, Allan formed a career aspiration. To be an accountant. Yes, an accountant. He was a 4.0 student. He got a scholarship to Butler University in Indianapolis. He went on to Northwestern. Today, he is a CPA.
And he has just started a venture called BizWhizz.org, which aims to introduce young people to the fundamentals of entrepreneurship. Talk about a point of light.
I will talk more about Allan Bell in the future.
During the activities of DECA, I have a memory of Bork — a happy memory. A wonderfully peppy organizer has people high-five their neighbor and all. Do little games with their neighbor. Touch them and so on.
Most people, or a lot of people, take to it like a duck to water.
Bob Bork was very uncomfortable with the “sign of peace” in church — shaking hands with your neighbor and whatnot. Oh, man, can I relate.
Heh.
A restaurant here in Anaheim advertises chicken and waffles. That is very American. Or is it? Does this tradition, this peculiar combination, come from some other country? I sort of doubt it …
Another restaurant advertises “Classic American Comfort Food.” There is no grilled-cheese sandwich on the menu. What the …?
There is an Alpine Inn, with snow on the roof and icicles hanging down — right here in Southern California. Cute. (Not in a bad way. I like it.)
A shuttle bus from a hotel to Disneyland has this on the side: “It’s not a shuttle bus, it’s a dream machine.”
Everywhere, there are mouse ears. Girls wear them, women wear them. They come in much more than the standard black now. They are made from all kinds of materials with various designs.
One mom says to her little girl, “Oh, Melissa, did you leave your ears in the car?”
Bummer.
In the lines outside Disneyland, people ask, “Where are you from?” “Utah,” comes one answer. This has the feel of a national reunion. It is certainly a rite, a pilgrimage.
May I make an observation? There are a lot of white parents with dark-skinned adopted children. A lot. If America is a racist country — well, would that other countries were as racist …
Disneyland is advertised as “The Happiest Place on Earth.” (I once knew an ice-cream parlor whose slogan was “Ice cream is happy food.”) It is pretty damn happy. It is also very, very clean. Practically Singaporean.
Do they cane you if you litter? Cane you with something relatively soft and pleasant?
Years ago, I heard that Walt Disney had a philosophy: Keep the place absolutely spotless. As soon as someone drops a gum wrapper, pick it up. That way, people will not be inclined to litter. They do not litter in pristine places. To litter would be jarring. In dirty places, they might litter freely. Because what difference does it make?
This relates, of course, to the famous “broken windows” theory promulgated by Jimmy Q. (James Q. Wilson) and George Kelling in the early 1980s. If someone breaks a window, don’t leave it unrepaired. If you do, people will sense that there is no authority here. Everything might be permitted.
(Think of your own home, and even your life more broadly. Doesn’t something like the broken-windows theory apply?)
Disneyland has an area, a promenade, called “Downtown Disney.” It has restaurants, shops, and the like. You don’t pay to stroll “downtown.” This is an area free of charge. It reminds me of Fisherman’s Wharf in San Francisco — but much nicer.
Ah, San Francisco: one of the most beautiful places ever devised by Nature and man — but marred by (utterly unnecessary) dirtiness.
Downtown, here at Disneyland, music plays constantly, through loudspeakers placed just so. It is happy music. Is it cloying? Only occasionally, and only a little. To me, it is a nice accompaniment to the experience — part of it, really.
I’m reminded, listening, how much wonderful music has come out of Disney movies. There is non-Disney music from these loudspeakers, too. I mean, “California Girls” doesn’t spring from Disney, does it? It springs from the Beach Boys.
Here is something else that is nice about Disneyland: There are young employees, of course, in their teens. Doing their first jobs, probably. And there are elderly employees as well. They can profit from one another.
Up the street from Disneyland, there is a restaurant called “Tru Grits.” What comes next, under the name, I am totally unprepared for: “Modern American Asian Kitchen.”
Really? Okay.
Here is something else I’m unprepared for: a Shakey’s Pizza parlor. I knew them when I was a boy. I thought they were gone. But no …
Is there anything that doesn’t grow in California? There are flowers and trees and bushes that I am completely unfamiliar with. How the early visitors must have gaped.
Tell you something funny about palm trees: Their trunks look fake.
There is an adjective, “Disneyesque,” that is often kind of a putdown. At a minimum, it is condescending. It means goody-goody, frou-frou, superficial, and so on. I have sometimes (often) used “Disneyesque” in my music criticism. I might be describing something cinematic, with tinklies and related touches.
But, you know? Disneyesque is good. And it is good to be in Anaheim.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Attempting comprehensive tax reform is like trying to tug many bones from the clamped jaws of many mastiffs. Every provision of the code — now approaching 4 million words — was put there to placate a clamorous faction, or to create a grateful group that will fund its congressional defenders. Still, Washington will take another stab at comprehensiveness, undeterred by the misadventures of comprehensive-immigration and health-care reforms. Consider just one tax change that should be made and certainly will not be.
The deductibility of mortgage-interest payments, by which the government will forgo collecting nearly $1 trillion in the next decade, is treated as a categorical imperative graven on the heart of humanity by the finger of God because it is a pleasure enjoyed primarily by the wealthy. About 75 percent of American earners pay more in payroll taxes than in income taxes, and only around 30 percent of taxpayers itemize their deductions. Ike Brannon, of the Cato Institute and Capital Policy Analytics in Washington, argues that, given America’s homeownership rate of about 62 percent, not even half of all homeowners use the deduction. Its principal beneficiaries are affluent (also attentive and argumentative) homeowners, and its benefits, as Brannon says, “scale up” regressively: The larger the mortgage and the higher the tax bracket, the more valuable the deduction is.
Perhaps the deduction’s net effect is a higher rate of homeownership, which can benefit society by encouraging respect for property rights, the thrift necessary for a substantial investment, and a sense of having a stake in the community. But the unpleasantness of 2008 demonstrated the downside of encouraging too much homeownership. Furthermore, the deduction might actually suppress homeownership by being priced into rising housing costs. Besides, Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom, which have no mortgage-interest deductions, have homeownership rates comparable to America’s.
Homeownership is, Brannon argues, a way for people to hold their wealth; it is not an investment because “it does not improve the productive capacity of the economy.” Indeed, the more money that flows into housing, the less flows into stocks, bonds, or banks.
Government policy is like a Calder mobile — touch something here and things jiggle over there. For example, the president has acted to discourage the use of Canadian wood when making planks for the rising edifice of American greatness. A 20 percent tariff on softwood imports from Canada — about 30 percent of the softwood lumber used in U.S. residential-housing construction — is retaliation for Canada’s government supposedly charging Canadian lumber interests too little for trees harvested in government forests. The tariff will raise the price of flooring and siding and therefore of houses.
Dismayed U.S. homebuilders foresee a 6.4 percent increase; U.S. lumber interests say that is an exaggeration. Even allowing for theatricality on both sides, lumber protectionism will certainly deepen two problems: Because the mortgage-interest deduction enables higher housing prices, Americans will continue to pour too much wealth into housing. And inequality will be exacerbated. Homeownership is crucial to the accumulation of wealth. But as social scientist Joel Kotkin writes, Millennials are caught in a pincer of low incomes — the Census Bureau estimates that even those with a full-time job earn $2,000 less in real dollars than the same age cohort did in 1980 — and high housing prices. Kotkin says “homeownership rates for people under 35 have dropped 21 percent” since 2004.
And there is this: The percentage of persons ages 25 to 34 who have never been married has risen from twelve in 1960 to 47 today. There are cultural as well as economic reasons for this delay in two powerful economic multipliers — family formation and house-buying — but certainly, the rising cost of housing is a factor. This is just one of the unseen costs of protectionism’s seen benefit of a small number of domestic jobs protected.
Elimination of the mortgage-interest deduction would have to be grandfathered to accommodate those who budgeted for their home purchases with the deduction in mind. Even so, it will not happen. Neither will limiting the deduction by denying it to a tiny top sliver of the largest mortgages — say, portions of mortgages over $500,000. People are loss-averse — they resist surrendering any benefit, even if they would reap bigger benefits from increased economic growth that would result from a more sensible allocation of society’s resources. And the political class is risk-averse, unwilling to challenge the affluent, or 1 million organized Realtors. The sound you hear is of mastiffs growling.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Over the past few months, President Donald Trump has repeatedly expressed contempt for the mainstream media, claiming its journalists are dishonest and “the enemy of the American people.” Trump’s attitude toward the press may be disconcerting to some. And it should be. But it’s imperative that the press and the public avoid confusing Trump’s rhetoric with the actual decline of a key component of our democracy.
In fact, according to a report released Friday from Freedom House, the U.S. still has one of the freest media industries in the world.
Michael Abramowitz, the president of the independent watchdog group, which advocates freedom and democracy worldwide, said in the report that there’s been no detectable chilling effect on the press. “So far, despite President Trump’s fierce denunciations of unfavorable but factual stories as ‘fake news,’” Abramowitz said, “there is abundant evidence that major news organizations remain undeterred, even innovative, in pursuing serious investigations of the government and of Trump himself.”
But as U.S. journalists continue to shriek that the U.S. press is no longer free, leaders of countries across the globe are increasingly imprisoning, and killing, journalists who criticize them. The countries that Freedom House found to be the most hostile to the press are, to name a few, North Korea, Cuba, Iran, and Syria. No surprise there. The countries deemed to be the “worst of the worst” with regard to freedom of the press have not had a free press for quite some time (or forever). The report’s most significant finding is that press freedom has declined notably across the globe; the worldwide measure is at its worst in the 13 years since Freedom House began its annual report. Only 13 percent of the world’s population has access to a free press such as that of the U.S.
As of December 2016, for example, 81 journalists are being held in Turkey’s prisons under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s rule — “the highest number in the world,” the report said. Over in Ethiopia, 16 journalists are also behind bars for reporting that was critical toward their government.
In the Middle East and North Africa, countries increasingly restricted the press. “In 2016,” Freedom House research director Jennifer Dunham wrote in the report, “journalists and media entities in countries such as Algeria, Bahrain, Iran, Morocco, and the United Arab Emirates suffered from the chilling effects of harassment, threats, and attacks, particularly regarding critical coverage of government officials.” In Yemen, at least six journalists were killed; nine were “forcibly disappeared.”
Over in the Asia-Pacific, the Republic of Maldives implemented laws to intimidate journalists. Defamation was criminalized, and journalists can now be forced by the government to reveal sources. Similar government restrictions on the press also appeared in sub-Saharan Africa, specifically South Sudan, where Dunham found that security agents were “deployed to printing sites to halt the publication of certain articles.”
In Brazil, government officials used creative ways to silence opposition from the press. Five investigative journalists who exposed the extravagant salaries of members of the judiciary in Paraná state had nearly 50 lawsuits filed against them. “The lawsuits were apparently coordinated, using similar language,” the report explained, “but were spread out geographically, forcing the journalists to spend considerable resources traveling between the courts.”
The strangling of the free press worldwide is a trend that can be altered, especially if the U.S. remains exemplary in its commitment to a free press at home. Dunham explained that if Trump continues to criticize the press and goes as far as to implement laws in violation of the U.S. Constitution, “Washington’s ability to apply normative pressure to media freedom violators around the world will suffer.”
But Trump has given no indication that he seeks to violate the Constitution, and his track record doesn’t suggest otherwise. While his highly controversial travel-ban executive order was blocked by the courts and some argued it was unconstitutional, he deferred to the court’s decision. He may have criticized the judges involved, just as he criticized the press, but it is clear that he obeys the checks and balances in our nation’s system of government.
U.S. journalists ought to refrain from acting as if Trump’s rhetoric were equivalent to suppressing the fourth estate in the vein of Turkey’s Erdogan or Ethiopia’s Mulatu Teshome. If U.S. journalists believe that the freedom of the press is dead in the U.S., they ought to try working alongside the journalists in the 138 countries — or 69 percent of the world’s countries — that don’t enjoy the privileges of a free society.
— Austin Yack is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
It turns out that being president is hard.
“I loved my previous life. I had so many things going,” Donald Trump told Reuters in a newly published interview. “This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.”
The president’s plaintive remark should come as no surprise. This is the same man who, in February, announced: “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated.” Donald Trump, the wealthy heir to a real-estate empire and complete political neophyte, was, compared to any of his predecessors, uniquely unprepared for what is quite possibly the most difficult job on Planet Earth. And after 100 days in office, he’s beginning — at least, in his more introspective moments — to appreciate just how difficult that job is.
Then again, Barack Obama’s tenure was marked by a similar lament. “I think it is important to remind everybody that . . . I’m president, I’m not a king,” he told Univision in January 2013, discussing the possibility of suspending deportations of non-criminal illegal aliens. “I’m required to follow the law.” The executive was, he acknowledged, only one of three branches of government, and that presented structural challenges to advancing his agenda.
Elected, like his successor, largely on his charisma and promise to transform “the system,” President Obama found himself flummoxed by it. He, too, thought the presidency would be easier.
But where Trump’s comments seem tinged with wistfulness — O, to enjoy unburdened the breeze at Mar-a-Lago! — Obama’s were more often tinged with frustration. In February 2013, again discussing immigration during a Google Hangout interview, he was more transparent: “This is something that I’ve struggled with throughout my presidency. The problem is that, you know, I’m the president of the United States. I’m not the emperor of the United States.”
In private, Obama was more forthright about the challenges of the office. Plotting an approach to the Arab Spring that would appear supportive of democratic protesters and also protect American interests proved so difficult, he “told people that it would be so much easier to be the president of China,” the New York Times reported in March 2011. “As one official put it, ‘No one is scrutinizing Hu Jintao’s words in Tahrir Square.’”
The modern presidency, as Barack Obama ultimately discovered, is an impossible job. The president must be the leader of his party, but also the leader of the nation — “the only national voice in affairs,” in the words of Woodrow Wilson, who reshaped the office in the 20th century. And he must be not only the leader of his nation, but “the leader of the free world,” on whom the oppressed can look with hope. He must be all things to all people everywhere — and yet he must remain a citizen among citizens, abiding by the law.
Obama’s response to this conundrum was to abandon the law in favor of, as he liked to say, “the right side of history,” an ends-justify-the-means solution of which Wilson would have approved. Those same things that he acknowledged, as late as 2013, were beyond his powers, he would go on to do: granting lawless de facto amnesties to nearly half the illegal population in the United States under his DACA and DAPA orders; declaring that neither the nuclear arrangement hammered out with Iran nor the Paris climate accords were “treaties” so that he could withhold them from Senate consideration; and unilaterally manipulating the Affordable Care Act when its measures proved politically costly.
Donald Trump is being mocked as a buffoon for discovering that the presidency presents unique challenges, especially to those who seek sweeping and dramatic overhauls of American policy. In fact, he is only learning the same lesson as his predecessor — and he could do the country a service merely by rejecting his predecessor’s reckless response to that lesson.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There are times in life when ideas are overtaken by events, when the hard experience of reality meets and overcomes the hopefulness of ideas. Now is just such a time. As the opioid crisis takes lives on a historic scale, it’s time to kill a bad idea. Just say no to legalizing hard drugs.
To be sure, there’s not a large constituency in support of legalizing any drugs other than marijuana, but their legalization, including that of narcotics, has been a topic of lively intellectual debate ever since the war on drugs truly took off. The editors of National Review have long supported legalization, libertarians have argued vociferously for legalization for decades, and a number of influential thinkers on the left and the right have joined in agreement on this one issue.
Outside of college dorms, the argument for legalization, in general, isn’t that drugs should be legalized because they’re fun and people can be trusted to use them responsibly. Rather, it’s that the costs of the war on drugs — in lives lost, lives squandered in prison, and civil liberties curtailed — outweigh the probable harm of legalization. Here are the editors of National Review in 1996: “It is our judgment that the war on drugs has failed, that it is diverting intelligent energy away from how to deal with the problem of addiction, that it is wasting our resources, and that it is encouraging civil, judicial, and penal procedures associated with police states.”
Intelligent supporters of legalization know that drug use would increase, but would it increase so much as to overtake the cost of homicide, robbery, and incarceration? Well, after years of experimenting with opioid prescriptions so promiscuous that they functioned as a form of quasi-legalization, the answer appears to be yes. The costs of drug use are worse and more horrific than the costs of prohibition.
But first, a bit of history. As German Lopez lays out in a thoughtful extended piece at Vox, opioid prescriptions increased as the federal government pushed the “pain as the fifth vital sign” campaign and as pharmaceutical companies aggressively marketed opioids like OxyContin. Opioid prescriptions skyrocketed and addiction rates increased, and as addiction increased, so did overdoses. To be clear: Not all these new addicts were the actual patients. Simply put, families and communities were suddenly awash in narcotics, with extraordinarily potent drugs filling medicine cabinets from coast to coast.
I distinctly remember the change. I remember my confusion when an emergency-room nurse asked me to measure my pain on a scale from 1 to 10 after a friend scraped my eyeball in a pickup basketball game. It all seemed so subjective. Since I’d never experienced ultimate agony, how could I measure? I said “seven” and got a bottle of Vicodin. In reality, I probably could have managed with a shot of bourbon and a few Advil. Later that same year, I asked my secretary at my law firm if she had some Tylenol to help a stress headache. Her response? “No, but I have some Percocet.”
As Robert VerBruggen notes in his own piece rethinking drug libertarianism, it seems that most addicts don’t actually get their pain pills from a doctor. Why bother? The drugs were simply everywhere, with enough pill bottles prescribed to provide one to every American, many times over. And once addiction took hold, greater restrictions on prescriptions meant that addicts just switched to a cheaper and deadlier drug, heroin. The numbers are startling:
And now, as virtually every American knows, we face a national crisis. In 2016 drug-overdose deaths increased 11 percent over 2015’s already-high number. A stunning 52,404 Americans lost their lives. To compare, that’s almost 15,000 more than died in car crashes and roughly 16,000 more than died to guns, including homicides and suicides. In fact, that number probably undercounts the toll from drug abuse, since doubtless some number of suicides represented addicts who’d hit rock bottom and saw no way out but through the barrel of a gun or the bottom of the pill bottle.
In other words, opioids are monstrous inventions that overpower the human will on a mass scale. There are no “rational actors” among addicts, and the substances are extraordinarily addictive. Do you know an opioid addict? Then you’ve seen them slide slowly away from reality.
The formula is simple — flood the market with pills, and you’ll flood the country with addicts. A number of smart (no, brilliant) people thought that the costs of enforcement outweighed the costs of legalization. That may well be true of marijuana, but can we make that argument any longer with opioids? If people have access to pills, they tend to take pills, and an uncomfortably large proportion of them get so hooked on them that if you take them away, they move to even harder and more powerful drugs. A horrifying percentage overdose and die.
That’s not to say that fighting the war on drugs means winning the war on drugs. It may mean that we do nothing more than contain the problem, preventing it from spiraling out of control even further. And, as Lopez notes in Vox, arguing against legalization isn’t the same thing as arguing against reform, including reforming the way in which the criminal-justice system deals with drug offenders. There is much room for creativity and thoughtfulness in dealing with the crisis. I see no room for broader availability and greater ease of access.
Last year I sat next to a man on a plane who lost his daughter to a combination of Xanax and Lortab. She’d taken both drugs for years, to deal with anxiety and chronic pain. As he told the story, every year she grew more tolerant. Every year she had to take more to achieve the same effect. One terrible and stressful night, she took an extra dose to force herself to sleep. She never woke up.
If we legalize hard drugs, there will be more stories like that — many more. Opioids make slaves of men. There is no choice but to continue the fight.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
President Trump’s latest tax-reform proposal gets some big things right. Our corporate tax rate is the highest in the developed world, and it reduces investment and therefore wages. He wants to bring it down. He wants to reduce marginal tax rates on individual income to improve incentives to work, save, and invest. And he would eliminate the deduction for state and local taxes, a deduction that both functions as a subsidy from low-tax states to high-tax ones and mostly benefits the affluent.
The proposal includes fewer details than the two tax-reform plans Trump released during the campaign, which is the reverse of the usual path for legislation. As those details are filled in, Republicans should attend to three elements of the plan.
First, the administration is silent about two important reforms to business taxation. Other Republican plans have advocated allowing businesses to deduct the cost of investments as soon as that cost is incurred, rather than making them use lengthy depreciation schedules to stretch out those deductions. They have also ended the tax code’s bias toward the use of debt rather than equity in financing investment. These changes to the business tax base are at least as important as reducing tax rates.
Second, legislation should structure in a sensible way the “tax relief for families with child and dependent care expenses” that the White House promises. During the campaign, Trump said that families with stay-at-home moms would benefit equally from this tax relief. The best way to achieve that objective would be to expand the tax credit for children and allow it to reduce payroll-tax as well as income-tax liabilities. Parents could use their additional take-home pay for commercial day care if they wish, but could also use it to allow mothers to work part-time instead of full-time, or to save for education.
Third, the legislation should not let revenues and spending get much further out of alignment. It was one thing to cut tax rates without much concern for deficits when the ratio of national debt to GDP was 30 percent, as it was in 1981. It’s another when it’s more than 100 percent, as now. Republicans say that tax cuts will provide a substantial boost to economic growth, and they may be right. But budget plans should not count on such future growth. Nor should they count on future spending restraint. The less Republicans are willing to restrain spending now, the more restrained their tax cuts should also be.
The Trump White House seems to be taking a more hands-off approach to legislation than most of its recent predecessors. It has set a direction for tax reform. How we move in that direction is now up to Congress. It can and should use this opportunity to combine pro-growth policies, middle-class tax relief, and fiscal prudence.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
It’s fitting that Dan Rather is best known for bringing to the world a piece of fake news about George W. Bush’s Air National Guard service in Texas, because that’s where he began his career in shoddy journalism. The bungling goes all the way back to 1963 Dallas. His presence there on the day President Kennedy was assassinated helped create the legend of Dan, but he actually blew the story that made his name.
Rather had heard from a priest that the president was dead, but knew that wasn’t a strong enough source to back up such a huge story, so he didn’t pass along the tip to his superiors while he tried to shore up the rumor. According to Alan Weisman’s biography Lone Star: The Extraordinary Life and Times of Dan Rather, Rather became confused about who he was talking to on the phone. Thinking he was speaking to a fellow reporter on the ground, Eddie Barker, who was elsewhere in Dallas, he was actually on the line with the CBS News control room in New York: “Did you say, ‘dead’? Are you sure, Dan?” said the voice in New York. “Right, dead,” Rather said, still thinking he was talking to Barker. So, to Rather’s horror, CBS radio blasted the news out to the world. “Rather said he began shouting into the phone that he had not authorized any such bulletin,” Weisman wrote. “Accurately or not, Rather was credited with being the first to report the death of the president.”
Dan Rather was never much of a journalist. What he excelled at was playing one on TV. His latest performance has the hacks thrilled: In recent days he’s gotten the People magazine treatment from People, and again from Politico, which heralded, two weeks after Easter, “Dan Rather’s Second Coming.” So Rather is much like Jesus Christ, except instead of being crucified for our sins he was crucified for his own, albeit with said crucifixion amounting to being separated from his position as the Ron Burgundy of CBS and forced to seek refuge in low-rated cable. Behold, he is risen . . . on something called “The Big Interview” on AXS TV, which is one step up from Wayne’s World on public-access TV. Dan’s next episode features a chat with Sheryl Crow. Recent guests include Billy Gibbons (of ZZ Top), Crystal Gayle, and Kid Rock.
If Rather is barely a working broadcaster anymore, Rather’s fans at Peoplitico cite his popularity on Facebook, where he has 2 million Likes. His feed News and Guts has over a million of its own. His personal posts are the usual leftist porridge of overreaction, anger, and hysteria about President Trump: “This is an emergency . . . it is gut check time,” Rather wrote on February 24, referring to (remember when this was a thing?) “the barring of respected journalistic outfits from the White House.” (Politico itself now acknowledges that the alleged conflict with the media is a “fake war.”) After Wall Street Journal editor Gerard Baker calmly explained that he was reluctant to label a misstatement by Trump or anyone else a “lie” if he couldn’t show intent to deceive, Daily Kos and other field reps for the perpetually agitated Left thrilled to Rather’s angry Facebook response, “A lie is a lie is a lie.” He ought to know.
The appeal to younger progs seems to work like this: Donald Trump’s presidency is so outrageous that even staid, studiously neutral octogenarian anchorman Dan Rather agrees with us and is publicly losing his spit. It’s cathartic and awesome to witness so much venom spewing out of such a geezer. Rather is the journalistic Bernie Sanders, just as Sanders is the political Larry David. Watching cranky old men go nuts is fun.
This is nothing really new for Rather. Entertaining his audience has always come first and if (as in Dallas) he sometimes mangled a story so badly that he would have been fired if he had been working on a small-market city desk, he always kept his newsman face on. “Rather would go with an item even if he didn’t have it completely nailed down,” wrote Timothy Crouse in his chronicle of campaign reporters, The Boys on the Bus. “If a rumor sounded solid to him . . . he would let it rip. The other White House reporters hated Rather for this. They knew exactly why he got away with it: Being as handsome as a cowboy, Rather was a star at CBS News, and that gave him the clout he needed.” Rather’s big Watergate moment, typically, was simply about Rather: At a press conference, the president asked him, “Are you running for something?” and Rather cheekily if nonsensically replied, “No, Sir, Mr. President, are you?” We’ve grown so used to showboating news blowhards making themselves the center of attention that it’s easy to forget where it began. In Rather’s era, other TV newsmen strove to be self-effacing and bloodless — John Chancellors and Roger Mudds.
Did Rather ever break any news? Sure. He reported, in 1969, that President Nixon was about to fire J. Edgar Hoover. Except Nixon never did fire Hoover, who was still FBI director at his death in 1972. Rather also bungled a story that Nixon was about to fire a top Vietnam official. “Dan had an overwhelming drive and ambition, and at times his ambition overcame his journalistic caution,” Rather’s longtime CBS colleague Bob Pierpoint told Weisman, adding, “He had a more dramatic persona than the others.” (Pierpoint praised Rather’s “mannerism and his delivery.”)
The “dramatic persona” gradually grew ridiculous, as during the 1980 60 Minutes segment that Washington Post TV critic Tom Shales memorably dubbed “Gunga Dan.” Rather, dressed ludicrously in mujahideen-wear, breathlessly told the cameras that he was disregarding his own safety and sneaking into Afghanistan for a segment Shales called “punchy, crunchy, highly dramatic, and essentially uninformative. . . . We knew something about the war against the invading Soviet troops before 60 Minutes, but, and this is important, did we know how the war was affecting Dan Rather?” Shales noted that Rather is seen nervously asking about distant bombing. His interpreter replies, “Nothing to bother us. Don’t worry.” Shales concluded, “It’s hard to decide whether [Edward] Murrow is smiling down approvingly or spinning in his grave.”
There was always a fine line between Gunga Dan and Diva Dan. When Rather stormed off the CBS Evening News set in a hissy fit in 1987 because he learned that U.S. Open tennis coverage was going to bleed into the news and cost him precious face time, the network was forced into the unprecedented situation of going black for six minutes. Even being fired by CBS after the 2004 debacle in which Rather’s team, in collusion with John Kerry’s campaign, aired unverified documents about George W. Bush’s National Guard service that were almost certainly fake, didn’t teach Rather anything: He still stands by the story.
Vamping for the Politico photo shoot, Rather brought out a costume and props: He wears a trenchcoat and carries a reporter’s notebook, as though he’s ready to pump Kid Rock for sources. The picture brings to mind the 2005 New Yorker profile by Ken Auletta, in which a pathetic Rather, desperate to prove he’s something more than a performer reading scripts, is seen lunging for phones and asking about meetings that took place as usual without him. He’s a daffy, irrelevant figure who, when an outsider came to profile him, “pretended to be more involved in shaping the daily broadcast — barking orders, assigning stories, writing copy — than he actually was.” That’s Dan Rather: fake newsman.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This article originally appeared in the September 24, 2007, issue of National Review magazine.
Young women who idealize marriage, fiercely disapprove of divorce, and eagerly embrace the self-denying demands of motherhood might be thought a welcome antidote to the breakdown of the American family. But some young women who hold just these attitudes are responsible for what William F. Buckley Jr. calls “the single greatest problem in America.” That problem is illegitimacy.
A fascinating, in-depth study published in 2005 — Promises I Can Keep: Why Poor Women Put Motherhood before Marriage – explores the views of low-income single mothers whose children are illegitimate. Its insights on out-of-wedlock births shatter the paradigms of poverty warriors left and right.
The harmful effects of growing up without a father in the home are depressingly well documented. Children raised in single-parent homes are more likely than children raised in intact families to have emotional and behavioral problems, to engage in crime, to fail in school, to abuse drugs, and to be on welfare as adults. The recent Census Bureau report measuring the 2006 poverty rate reminds us that, if poor mothers married the fathers of their children, the number of poor children would be reduced by over two-thirds. Over a third of all American children are born out of wedlock, and illegitimacy rates in low-income communities are more than twice the national average.
A range of supposed root causes has been offered to explain illegitimacy. Many conservatives fault the perverse incentives of welfare programs, which subsidize destructive behavior. Some of these conservatives advocate the restructuring of government aid around different, positive incentives. Others believe that desperate straits would compel smarter, self-interested behavior on the part of welfare recipients, and so make the politically futile argument that all welfare should be ended. Supporters of abstinence education hope to reduce the number of out-of-wedlock births by discouraging sexual activity among young people wholly unready for parenthood.
Liberals who discount the role of fathers would make single-mother households more economically viable by boosting welfare payments. Some liberals think more job-training programs would increase the number of marriageable men in poor neighborhoods. Most liberals agree that greater access to family-planning services and birth control would reduce illegitimacy.
But none of these theories satisfactorily answers the most fundamental question: Why do extremely disadvantaged single young women have children they cannot raise successfully, thereby damaging their prospects?
The authors of Promises I Can Keep give answers that are both original and credible. (Their work was first called to my attention by the Heritage Foundation’s Robert Rector, the most informed poverty expert I know.) Kathryn Edin, a University of Pennsylvania professor, and Maria Kefalas, a professor at St. Joseph’s University (also in Philadelphia), spent a few years developing relationships with about 160 single mothers in eight poor neighborhoods in Philadelphia and Camden, N.J. Their study group included blacks, whites, and Hispanics. About half of the mothers, whose average age was 25, had not graduated from high school. Three-quarters had had their first child as a teenager. Most were dependent on welfare, and fewer than half were employed. They were among the most disadvantaged of America’s single mothers.
Edin and Kefalas hoped to learn what caused the “dramatic break” between marriage and childbearing among the poor. What they learned was how poorly we understand the poor. Where outsiders see self-defeating behavior with wholly unfortunate consequences, these hopeful young mothers see purpose and redemption.
The young, low-income single mothers in the study have no regrets about their decisions. They prize both marriage and motherhood — but not in that order. They have placed the bar for the former extremely high and the bar for the latter alarmingly low.
The institution of marriage is so highly valued by these mothers that it has become an ideal perennially deferred to the future. “I don’t believe in divorce, that’s why none of the women in my family are married,” one single mother explains. They hope to be married one day, when they have found a suitable mate and can expect a lifelong commitment. But they are unwilling to postpone childbearing until they find that sure bet.
They also see their children as essential to their lives. Children are the most important accomplishment within their reach and the chief source of their identity. The love of a child is the one relationship they can count on to last. One woman who became a mother at only 14 explains, “I never felt my daughter held me back from anything. . . . She taught me how to be responsible and mature.” Poor single mothers contemplate life without their children and imagine being “dead,” “in jail,” “messed up on drugs,” or “nowhere at all.”
Romantic relationships proceed at lightning speed, and it is high praise when a boyfriend declares, “I want to have a baby with you.” Pregnancies are more likely to be planned than accidental. Facing an unwelcome pregnancy, such mothers are less likely than more affluent teenagers to choose abortion, because they disapprove of shirking responsibility. Adoption is generally out of the question because it would mean giving away “your own flesh and blood.” And abstinence education misses the mark when the target audience longs impatiently for motherhood.
Unemployment is not especially likely to break up a child’s relationship with his father, since these young women — eager to have children and confident in their ability to raise them alone — tend not to be looking for a breadwinner. (Infidelity, on the other hand, frequently ends relationships.) The mothers are surrounded by role models “who have succeeded in doing well by their children, ensuring that they’re clean, clothed, housed, fed, and loved.” Unlike middle-class parents, they can’t assume that they will be able to provide the bare necessities to their children, so they take pride in meeting a standard that emphasizes survival over achievement. Edin and Kefalas explain, “The well-dressed child transforms the shabbily dressed mother.” Managing to raise and care for a child as a single parent wins respect. And because these mothers consider “being there” the most important tenet of good mothering, they judge themselves successful even when their children fail in school, get pregnant as teenagers, or wind up on drugs or in juvenile detention.
The high incidence of illegitimacy in poor communities won’t be reduced as long as disadvantaged young women see marriage as a luxury and children as a necessity. Unfortunately, it takes much more than the creation or adjustment of a welfare program to change attitudes that seem rational to a young woman based on her experience and environment. Without a better understanding of “the single greatest problem in America,” we have little hope of improving the lives of poor single mothers and their children.
Read More by Kate O’Beirne:
 



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This article originally appeared in the January 29, 2007, issue of National Review magazine.
For decades, pro-life activists have been in the business of winning hearts and minds to their cause. Powerful arguments about the humanity of the unborn have moved public opinion, and a pro-life political force has made ambitious politicians feel the heat, whether or not they see the light. Pro-lifers’ faith in the power of persuasion has been rewarded, and their political clout increased, by important converts, including Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush. Mitt Romney has also changed his position on abortion, but some social conservatives argue that membership in their ranks should be closed to this most recent convert with presidential ambitions.
In 1967, Gov. Ronald Reagan signed a liberal abortion law, declaring, “I’m fully sympathetic with attempts to liberalize the outdated abortion law now on the books in California.” Reagan later changed his mind and expressed regret for signing a measure that saw more abortions performed in California than in any other state before Roe v. Wade. He became a committed pro-life politician and backed the first pro-life plank in the Republican platform. George W. Bush ran as a pro-choice politician in his 1978 congressional campaign, but held pro-life views when he ran for the governorship of Texas in 1994. His father too once favored abortion rights, but took a pro-life position in the 1980 presidential campaign.
When Sam Brownback was running in a GOP congressional primary in 1994, he initially rebuffed a pro-life group’s endorsement, according to a recent account in The New Republic. In that article, a former president of Kansans for Life recalls that Brownback was “unfamiliar with the anti-abortion lexicon” 20 years after Roe v. Wade, and that Brownback described himself as “more in line with the views of Nancy Kassebaum,” the state’s pro-choice junior GOP senator. But Brownback wound up facing a primary challenger who, as the article puts it, “was about as pro-life as you could get without earning yourself a restraining order.” Prior to the race, Brownback had never had to defend his abortion views; but by Primary Day he was on the record as an abortion opponent. The article plausibly asserts that Brownback, who has formed a presidential exploratory committee, “is closing in on a decade as the leading social conservative in the U.S. Senate” (though Rick Santorum also has a claim to that title).
Although the experiences of three presidents and Sam Brownback strongly support the argument that genuine conversions happen, and that pro-life converts remain faithful, Mitt Romney’s change of heart has been met in some conservative quarters with hostile skepticism.
Romney ran as a pro-choice candidate in his 1994 Senate race against Ted Kennedy and in his 2002 gubernatorial campaign. In 1994, he revealed that a relative had died of a botched abortion in the 1960s, and said, “It is since that time that my mother and my family have been committed to the belief that we can believe as we want, but we will not force our beliefs on others on that matter, and you will not see me wavering on that.” In 2002, he assured Planned Parenthood and NARAL that he supported “the substance of the Supreme Court decision in Roe v. Wade”; he also said, “Women should be free to choose based on their own beliefs, not mine and not the government’s.”
During his gubernatorial campaign, he won the endorsement of the abortion-rights group Republican Majority for Choice. But three years later, the group’s co-chairman declared, “We feel very betrayed.” The reason was that Governor Romney had vetoed a bill that would have allowed access to emergency contraception—the “morning-after pill”— without a prescription. Romney had also vetoed an embryonic-stem-cell-research bill; and last year his administration issued regulations banning the creation of embryos for research purposes, calling such research “Orwellian in its scope.”
In an opinion article that appeared in the Boston Globe, Romney defended his veto of the emergency-contraception bill. He explained, “The bill does not involve only the prevention of conception: The drug it authorizes would also terminate life after conception.” He faulted the bill for not requiring parental consent before allowing minors access to the pill. And he wrote, “I understand that my views on laws governing abortion set me in the minority in our Commonwealth. I am prolife. I believe that abortion is the wrong choice except in cases of incest, rape, and to save the life of the mother.”
Does Romney’s acknowledged change on abortion (“I had this issue wrong in the past,” he frankly allows) make him the wrong presidential choice for conservatives? Some social conservatives in Massachusetts have been circulating a dossier of Romney’s past statements on abortion and gay rights, which have been widely quoted by his critics. And some claim that, as governor, Romney should have been more confrontational in advancing conservative positions.
For example, although Romney has won praise for defending traditional marriage following the court decision that legalized same-sex marriage in Massachusetts, some of his conservative critics argue that he could have ignored the court and prohibited the issuance of marriage licenses to homosexual couples. He is also faulted for appointing two gay-rights activists, both former prosecutors, to local criminal courts. But Evangelicals for Mitt, a website that has convincingly defended Romney’s record on social issues, argues that he was bound by the court’s marriage decision, and points out that in Massachusetts a council wholly composed of Democrats must approve all judicial nominees.
Deal Hudson, the director of the Morley Institute for Church and Culture and the former editor of Crisis magazine, reflects the skepticism of some conservatives when he argues that Romney’s late-life conversion should raise eyebrows. Hudson writes on his blog: “Can Catholics trust that the 59-year-old Romney who was pro-choice and was unaffected by three decades of public debate over abortion would carry his new pro-life convictions over into Cabinet personnel decisions, judicial appointments, and public policy?” And although it appears that Romney has always been personally pro-life, having counseled women against abortion as a lay Mormon leader, Hudson asks, “What prevents Romney from converting back again?”
Because the media have gleefully pounced on Romney’s abortion “flipflop,” he will be called upon to explain his change of heart frequently during the campaign. As a practical political matter, any retreat from his current stance would destroy his credibility. Romney has been stating his abortion position with the conviction of a convert, in terms that can appeal to a broad audience. Many social conservatives are persuaded that his conversion is genuine. But pro-lifers who doubt Romney’s sincerity can take heart: When “ambitious” politicians “cynically” adopt pro-life views, it is because pro-lifers are winning.
Read More by Kate O’Beirne:
 



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This article originally appeared in the June 17, 1996, issue of National Review magazine. We are bringing this piece out from the archives in remembrance of Kate O’Beirne, the former Washington Editor of National Review.
As the world knows, women’s overwhelming support for President Clinton has put Bob Dole on the wrong side of a serious gender gap. Clinton leads among women by 20 points and believes their support is crucial to his re-election. The Dole campaign is determined to narrow the gulch. But because women tend to be inattentive and uninformed about politics, in courting women voters Clinton and Dole must woo the indifferent — a clear advantage for our President.
Since the 1940s, studies have consistently found that the public in general is poorly informed about politics and public policy. In their newly published book, What Americans Know about Politics and Why It Matters, political scientists Michael Delli Carpini and Scott Keeter find that, despite higher education and income levels and the explosion in information services, the public’s knowledge has not increased over the decades. The authors provide exhaustive evidence of how ill-informed the typical American is.
Less than half the public can define either conservative or liberal with any degree of accuracy; less than half know the length of a House member’s term; only between a quarter and half can identify the decisions reached in Roe v. Wade or Miranda v. Arizona. Over the fifty years of survey items examined, only two positions of public officials could be identified by over 75 per cent of the public. The New Deal? LBJ’s Great Society? No. The winners were Bill Clinton’s “Don’t ask, don’t tell” policy, and George Bush’s disclosure that he hates broccoli.
But some voters do know more than others. Republicans are better informed than Democrats, for example. And political ignorance discriminates by sex, too. Three-quarters of women score well below the male average on tests measuring knowledge of national politics. This particular gender gap is at least fifty years old, and it exists between men and women of equal education and income levels.
Women’s lack of knowledge is in part due to their lack of interest in politics. According to the National Opinion Research Center, 53 percent of college-educated men under the age of 30 read a newspaper daily, compared to only 34 per cent of their female counterparts. And the gap opens at an early age. A national survey of schoolchildren found that boys are significantly more knowledgeable about politics than girls, even after controlling for background and curriculum. Quite simply, it may not be in women’s nature to care very much about politics. (Sorry, Gloria.)
Research shows that from an early age, girls are less interested in the rules of the game and in notions of abstract justice. They are more interested than boys in personal, immediate topics and in reaching consensus.
Significantly, there is no gender gap in knowledge of local politics. Indeed, women frequently know more than men about it. Why? Delli Garpini and Keeter point out that state and local politics involve issues that are more tangible, immediate, and personal. Although parents with children at home know less about politics in general, that is not true of local issues such as the public schools, which have a particular relevance to them. Women especially are more likely to know who’s running the schools. On issues further from home, their opinions are frequently uninformed.
Polls suggest that women are more concerned than men about the poor, the federal safety net, and the national commitment to education. But they are not nearly as knowledgeable as men on these issues they claim to care about. Men are far more likely to know the size of the national budget, the unemployment rate, and the level of federal education spending. If women were, shall I say, a bit more frank, the “don’t know enough to have an opinion” category on polls would expand dramatically. If NOW does ever set up the national third party it periodically threatens, perhaps it could resurrect an old party name — the Know Nothings.
Better informed individuals vote more effectively. Professor Delli Carpini says that the policy opinions of the most informed voters almost perfectly match their electoral choices. But among the least informed, there “is virtually no relationship” between the issues they say matter to them and how they vote. So when women express conservative opinions on crime and welfare, a fair number won’t be informed enough to translate their positions into support for a candidate who agrees with them.
Karlyn Bowman of the American Enterprise Institute notes that women are “a lagging indicator on most issues because they are not as attentive as men to many current events.” So the formidable challenge for Clinton and Dole is to catch the attention of women. It’s not easy, but stories with a personal and emotional edge, rather than an abstract point, can do it. Surveys show that women were far more interested than men in the O.J. trial. Tonya Harding’s adventures also engaged the interest of women. Presumably, not even a desperate Dole campaign would want to see Liddy kneecap Hillary. But they must try something dramatic to catch up with a President who has a huge advantage with inattentive women voters.
Delli Carpini says that “the incumbent advantage works particularly well with less informed voters.” He explains that it’s tough to run an issues campaign for their benefit, so personality and style become critical. (Uh oh.) Even the simplest political information isn’t easily communicated to a large number of people.
Bob Dole has played a dominant role on the national scene for the past two years, yet a majority of Americans still don’t know that he served in World War II. Bob Dole might want to accessorize that new baby-blue blazer with his veteran’s overseas cap; women are bound to notice wardrobe changes. And Delli Carpini thinks it could help if Dole emphasized the tangible, local effects of the GOP’s devolution agenda. But if all else fails, maybe Trent Lott could push through a quick repeal of the Nineteenth Amendment.
Read More by Kate O’Beirne:
 



ARTICLE
I have always considered 1 Samuel 8 the birthplace of statism. We read in this chilling passage of the Israelites being warned that a king will enslave them (v. 11), trample on their liberties (12), practice egregious versions of eminent domain (14), and implement a highly confiscatory tax system (15–17). In verse 19, we read the reply to this warning the statement that I believe became the civilizational foundation for statism: “But the people refused to listen to Samuel. They said, ‘No, we want a king over us.’”
And so it was. The people wanted a king.
The message here has always been profound. Those who are theologically inclined can see that the genesis of statism was, first and foremost, idolatry: “And the Lord said, ‘It is not you they have rejected, but they have rejected me as their king. As they have done so from the day I brought them out of Egypt until this day, forsaking me and serving other gods” (7–8). Throughout history the growth of government has been a story of the decline of faithful obedience. Government’s ascent was directly correlated to the people’s surrender of moral responsibility. Abusive, oppressive, redistributionist, tyrannical, arbitrary, self-serving, and corrupt? Sure, civil magistrates have been all of those things and more for different peoples at different times since the beginning of civilization; but the people wanted a king.
The prospect of being taken care of, of being led rather than leading, of having a “savior” — this allure has too often trumped all else, even the human order created for liberty and flourishing. Time and time again history has been clear, and we see this as early as the days of 1 Samuel 8. Faced with a choice between greater freedom (which entails responsibility) and a deep state, idolatrous civilizations have chosen the latter.
It says more about the people than about the state. And in this complex reality we find one of the key issues that split conservatives to this day: Some believe that excessive government comes from a greedy state’s usurping more and more control of our lives, whereas others believe that it comes from a people’s ineptness and surrender to the state’s overreach. The unfortunate reality is that both sides are correct, as inadequate self-government begins the vicious cycle of an intrusive magistrate, leading to a more dependent people, leading to still greater government, leading to even less self-government, resulting in more state expansion. Rinse and repeat. The consequences include a government payroll of 22 million employees and $20 trillion in national debt. The importance of getting this cause and effect right is immense — but not the subject of this article.
In the verses leading to the famous passage I quote above, we can find a disturbing ancient foreshadowing of what plagues us very much to this day: Cronyism and corruption are so often what cause the people to lose faith and opt for statism. Let’s briefly look at the first few verses of 1 Samuel 8:
Yes, the people rejected self-government and even theocracy. They were warned of all the consequences of having a king but didn’t care. They traded the promise of greater freedom and prosperity for leviathan. And they did so reasonably aware of the implications. But underlying it all, indeed, serving as the impetus to the impulse for big government, was corruption. Crony capitalism, to use a modern phrase, gave birth to statism. And to be sure, history has done nothing but reinforce this basic reality. Thoughtful people may think it a non sequitur, but it is raw human nature. What we risk in not repudiating rent-seeking, handouts, sweetheart deals, and governmental selection of winners (and losers) in the marketplace goes far beyond election results.
Not only will Republicans lose elections if they are perceived as the party of cronyism (and this applies at local, state, and federal levels), but worse, Republican ideas — or at least truly conservative ones — will fail as well. Forced to choose between what they believe is a devil they don’t trust (corporate interests, Wall Street, big business, greedy developers, etc.) and a devil that at least offers them candy, the blue-state model of big spending, vast government services, and deep-government programs simply becomes the lesser of two evils. At this point, it does us no good to argue (correctly, of course) that behind the second door, too, is vast corruption and cronyism. The embedded cronyism and corruption of public-employee unions and politicians is not a desirable replacement for crony capitalism, and we can be right about that until kingdom come, but it is a losing argument. The people wanted a king.
The time for the Right to grab ahold of this message is now. To anyone who doesn’t think that the stigma of crony capitalism is election-crushing: Please ask Hillary Clinton. In an election match-up that she and the Democratic party would have moved heaven and earth to create, she was also funded with 1.2 billion donor dollars, an unprecedented amount, but simply could not shake the (accurate) assessment that her Clinton Foundation, corporate speeches, and entire post–White House ecosystem was all one big crony charade.
Given Donald Trump’s populist appeal and the electoral success of his promise to “drain the swamp,” you could argue that Republicans have been shown to be in greater need of this message. After the Troubled Asset Relief Program, Americans felt that Wall Street was receiving a crony handout from the Republican party — an unavoidable outcome when the TARP legislation was so poorly constructed, executed, administered, and defended in the court of public opinion. All of those failures led the American people to hate the “financial bailouts” (a subject for another time). Democrats supported the bill, but it came from a Republican president and a Republican treasury secretary. The association between TARP and the GOP was set.
Today, however, at the federal level, the most egregious forms of federal crony capitalism, whether it be the known failure of Solyndra or the perceived success of Tesla, are not associated with the GOP. Republicans must drive this fact home: that it is the Left that is making people billionaires with taxpayer dollars. Republicans must advance thoughtful legislation that strips from the federal landscape, as much as possible, the opportunity for rent-seeking. Needless to say, corporate tax reform is a great place to start. (I will save for another time, however, the plethora of ways that favoritism and governmental selectivity can be struck from the tax code.)
But we should not naïvely assume that there will be no pig slough of opportunity for crony capitalism if a massive Trumpian infrastructure program materializes. “Public-private partnership” is an invitation to the worst form of cronyism, and it is not hard to see a lot of this coming down the pike in the next year or so.
Alas, it is not at the federal level where Republicans have the most to lose in being on the wrong side of crony capitalism. If the GOP fails to get this message (and policy) right at the local and state levels, the results will be catastrophic. Indeed, in city and county politics, it is the predominant issue and will dictate the direction of localities for the next generation. Special and targeted incentives are the ultimate slippery slope. The silly defense I most often hear for governmental sweetheart deals with business is that Republicans are supposed to be defenders of business and promoters of growth. Of course, that is correct.
Targeted incentives, though, that favor a particular company or sector fool nobody. They do not promote growth; they reward the already big and powerful who have the lobbyists, lawyers, and influence to reap the benefits of a gravy train. Local and state politicians should be fostering a pro-business culture, and they should be doing that with universally low tax rates, not special low tax rates for a particular company; they should be doing that with a culture of low regulation, not special, one-off waivers for this or that business.
The Right must be committed to stopping this, from deplorable stadium deals for billionaire sports-team owners to appalling tax favors for connected real-estate developers. Equal opportunity for all means one set of rules for the entire population. When a city council or a county board decides that it, holding the public purse strings, will decide whom to credit back tax dollars and for what, it has defied any reasonable definition of equal under the law. There is a concerted effort to manufacture ambiguity around the difference between crony capitalism and legitimate governmental support for business and growth. Not surprisingly, that effort comes from crony capitalists.
Too many Republicans who indict Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as a perilous example of business and government in bed together become suddenly paralyzed with confusion and nuance when a big company wants a special tax break for a new factory or hotel it wants to build. We cannot afford to impose a double standard: to oppose subsidies when we do not like the company, product, or sector in question but then to change our mind when we favor them. Likewise, the decision for an employer or a developer to build a project or invest in a community only if it receives a special treatment not afforded to others is corrupt at its core. Local government can support the free market by not distorting it. City councils should find ways to remove from their regulatory framework impediments to growth and business. If they do, they will create 50 times more benefit than they would with all the special tax breaks they could dream up.
Those who believe that defeating liberals at the ballot box is the highest ethic we are held to (it isn’t) ought to seize this message. For 40 years, crony capitalism has been the basis for more Republican election losses than every social issue combined. There is a non-crony way to be highly supportive of business and growth: Ensure a very low tax base because of a very non-intrusive government (non-intrusive governments cost less) and combine that with very light regulation. Low tax, low regulation — for everyone.
These are basic right-wing orthodoxies that, fairly and consistently upheld, create even playing fields and promote the dignity of the open marketplace. Whether they are called subsidies, mandates, incentives, loan guarantees, or anything else, crony privileges have no place in local, state, or federal politics — not just because it is bad government, but because it makes for a bad society.
“This growing partnership between business and government is a destructive force, undermining not just our economy and our political system, but the very foundation of our culture,” Charles Koch wrote in 2012 in the Wall Street Journal. It would be a shame for the Republican Right to contribute to such a demise, when it has such a golden opportunity right now to be part of the solution. Are the people likely to continue to want a king? Sure. But the less corrupt cronyism they see, maybe, just maybe, the less leviathan we’ll all see.
— David L. Bahnsen is a trustee of the National Review Institute and the founder and chief investment officer of The Bahnsen Group, a wealth-management firm in Newport Beach, Calif.



ARTICLE
Demosthenes, the Athenian rhetorician and champion of liberty, pointed out around 355 B.C. that residents of Athens were free to praise Sparta’s regime, but Spartans were banned from praising Athens.
In 1689, the British passed a law guaranteeing freedom of speech in Parliament. A century later, French revolutionaries incorporated into law the Declaration of the Rights of Man, which established free speech as a universal right. Two years later, the Americans ratified the First Amendment, which guarantees that the state shall not infringe on the right to free speech. Roughly a century and half later, in 1948, the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which says, “Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression. . . . ”
I mention all of this because every time I read or hear about the pathetic state of affairs at the University of California, Berkeley — where conservative speakers and rabble-rousers alike are banned from speaking lest they be assaulted by a mob — journalists and other commentators insist on pointing out the irony that this is all happening “where the Free Speech Movement was born.”
Yes, I know there was a thing called the Free Speech Movement. And, yes, its members and leaders talked a good deal about free speech.
But the movement for free speech is thousands of years old and runs like a deep river across the landscape of Western Civilization.
Indeed, I can’t help but get the impression that a lot of people don’t realize that the Free Speech Movement in this context is a brand name. I can tell you that the “mockumentary” band Spinal Tap was born in a 1979 TV skit for ABC. But that is not the same thing as saying the medical procedure – a.k.a. the lumbar puncture — was born in the same skit.
Mario Savio, the leader of the Free Speech Movement at Berkeley, was committed to free speech. But so was Berkeley at the time. In the years before Savio’s movement, Berkeley had hosted speeches by communists, Nazis (invited by leftists to cause a stir), and political and literary speakers of every stripe.
Whatever perfunctory regulations of free speech existed, then-Berkeley professor Nathan Glazer explained in his 1965 Commentary essay “What Happened at Berkeley,” went “back to a time when no political activity of any kind was allowed on campus.” Even presidential candidates were barred from politicking because, “as a state university it was not supposed to be involved in politics.” But by 1964, these rules had already been loosened a great deal.
As for Savio, his mission was broader than merely wanting to allow vigorous debate. He wanted students to be able to participate as much as possible with the civil-rights movement, which, obviously, was a very political movement. He was on the right side of that argument.
But Savio was also a passionate leftist. (When he got married to his fellow FSMer Suzanne Goldberg, the Daily Worker’s Mike Gold asked him what they wanted for a wedding present. “All that we really want is for President Johnson to withdraw all our troops from Vietnam and the Dominican Republic. Very little would make us happier.”)
Savio had a romantic hatred — in the tradition of Rousseau — for liberal democratic capitalism. His most famous statement came in his speech at Sproul Hall in 1964:
Whatever legacy Savio has for the cause of free speech is dead, but this mindset lives on. The rioters and goons — along with their pusillanimous enablers in the administration — are carrying on this tradition. It is a tradition that says this is our sacred place and anyone not loyal to our faith must be resisted, rejected, and renounced. All the talk of “hate speech” is clever marketing — like the label the “Free Speech Movement” itself.
What these petty, secular theocrats despise is heresy speech. And they will throw their bodies into the gears to silence it.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Because the California National Guard couldn’t be mobilized in time, Ann Coulter had to withdraw from giving a speech at Berkeley.
If you take it seriously, that’s the import of UC Berkeley’s decision to do everything it could to keep the conservative provocateur from speaking on campus over safety concerns.
“If somebody brings weapons, there’s no way to block off the site, or to screen them,” the chancellor of the university said of Coulter’s plan to go ahead and speak at an open-air forum after the school canceled a scheduled talk.
The administrator made it sound as if Coulter would have been about as safe at Berkeley as she would have been addressing a meeting of MS-13 — and he might have been right.
We have entered a new, much less metaphorical phase of the campus-speech wars. We’re beyond hissing, or disinviting. We’re no longer talking about the heckler’s veto, but the masked-thugs-who-will-burn-trash-cans-and-assault-you-and-your-entourage veto.
Coulter is a rhetorical bomb thrower, which is an entirely different thing than being a real bomb thrower. Coulter has never tried to shout down a speaker she doesn’t like. She hasn’t thrown rocks at cops. She isn’t an arsonist. She offers up provocations that she gamely defends in almost any setting with arguments that people are free to accept, or reject, or attempt to correct.
In other words, in the Berkeley context, she’s the liberal. She believes in the efficacy of reason and in the free exchange of ideas. Her enemies do not.
Indeed, the budding fascism that progressives feared in the Trump years is upon us, although not in the form they expected. It is represented by the black-clad shock troops of the “antifa” movement who are violent and intolerant, and easily could be mistaken for the street fighters of the extreme Right in 1930s Europe. That they call themselves anti-fascist speaks to a colossal lack of self-awareness.
It is incumbent on all responsible progressives to reject this movement, and — just as important — the broader effort to suppress controversial speech. This is why former Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean’s comments about hate speech not being protected by the First Amendment were so alarming. In Dean’s defense, he had no idea what he was talking about, but he was effectively making himself the respectable voice of the rock throwers.
Dean’s view was that “Berkeley is within its rights to make the decision that it puts their campus in danger if they have her there.” This justification, advanced by the school itself, is profoundly wrongheaded.
It is an inherently discriminatory standard, since the Berkeley College Republicans aren’t given to smashing windows and throwing things when an extreme lefty shows up on campus, which is a near-daily occurrence.
It would deny Coulter something she has a right to do (speak her mind on the campus of a public university) in reaction to agitators doing things they don’t have a right to do (destroy property, among other acts of mayhem).
It would suppress an intellectual threat, i.e., a dissenting viewpoint, and reward a physical threat. This is perverse.
For now there is a consensus in favor of free speech in the country that is especially entrenched in the judiciary. The anti-fa and other agitators aren’t going to change that anytime soon. But they could effectively make it too burdensome for certain speakers to show up on campus, and over time more Democrats like Dean could rationalize this fact by arguing that so-called hate speech doesn’t deserve First Amendment protection.
So, it isn’t enough for schools like UC Berkeley to say that they value free speech, yet do nothing to punish disrupters and throw up their hands at the task of providing security for controversial speakers. If everyone else gets safe space at UC Berkeley, Coulter deserves one. If the anti-fa are willing to attack free speech through illegal force, the authorities should be willing to defend it by lawful force.
Heck, if necessary, call out the National Guard.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Ann Coulter has canceled her speech at UC – Berkeley because of violent threats from protesters  – and yet somehow, her invitation is what’s been discussed as an example of fascism. 
Yesterday, in a piece for the the Daily Californian, a Berkeley student and member of its International Socialist Organization named Mukund Rathi claimed that speaking invitations being extended to Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos were evidence of “the disturbing growth of a far right that is a threat to us all,” and announced that his organization and others would be hosting an “Alt Right Delete conference” in August “to defend UC Berkeley as an anti-fascist campus.”
What he didn’t mention as an example of fascism in his anti-fascist rant? Protesters shutting down Yiannopoulos’s speech. In fact, he described what happened to Yiannopoulos as the community’s coming out  “in defense of the campus against Milo,” as if Milo’s having the freedom to speak were something that needed to be stopped. What’s more, in discussing the need for wider support in stopping the alt-right, Rathi even claimed that “the fights on the streets of Berkeley” in response to a pro-Trump rally on April 15 “showed that we also can’t depend on a small group of anti-fascists to rebuff the far right alone,” because “without an organized mass movement, those who want to confront the far right will conclude that the only available choice to fight back is property destruction and street fighting, while others will conclude that this is no choice at all.”
Obviously, he’s correct in saying that a movement that depends on violence isn’t going to be a success, but I have just one question: How on earth can he consider the people who were fighting on the streets to be “anti-fascists” in the first place? A mark of fascist thought is limiting speech through any means, including violence  – and what makes this whole thing even crazier is that Rathi does seem to understand this. After all, in his piece, he brags that the Alt Right Delete conference will be “understanding the growth of the far right, the left’s long history of anti-fascist organizing, free speech as a principle of the left.”
Rathi actually had the nerve to tout his support for free speech in the exact same piece where he seems to suggest that it’s a good thing to limit speech when it comes to people like Yiannopoulos and Coulter — and he somehow thought that this kind of logically inconsistent drivel was actually cohesive enough to publish. 
Do I agree with Ann Coulter? Nope! Does that matter? Nope! Because I support free speech, and I understand that “free speech” includes speech that I don’t like. You know who does support blocking certain speech, though? Fascists — and a good start to fighting fascism is probably to stop thinking the same way that fascists do. 
– Katherine Timpf is a National Review Online reporter.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
On Friday, Pope Francis travels to Egypt, the largest Arab country and home to the Copts, the Middle East’s largest Christian community. His principal purpose is to take part in an interfaith dialogue with Grand Sheikh Ahmed el-Tayeb, who heads el-Azhar, the ancient center of Sunni Muslim learning.
Begun 20 years ago, this dialogue effort is best known for Tayeb’s breaking it off in 2011, after he faulted Pope Benedict XVI for an “unacceptable interference” in Egypt’s internal affairs. Media now herald its resumption as a breakthrough, a sign of thawed relations between the two venerable institutions. For Christians, it comes at a desperate time and place: Ancient Christian communities are being relentlessly targeted by ISIS, as was underscored on Palm Sunday when two Coptic Orthodox churches were bombed, killing 45 members of the congregations.
Christian–Muslim meetings have typically been exercises in futility. They have borne little fruit, often resulting in Christian concessions and apologies that go unreciprocated. A classic example is the Vatican’s intervention with Roman city officials to facilitate the construction a Saudi-backed mega-mosque during the 1970s; Saudi Arabia has responded by continuing to ban churches within the kingdom, despite its million Christian foreign workers.
It does not augur well that in late February, in preliminary meetings for this dialogue, Vatican diplomats reportedly avoided sensitive issues, called generally for more tolerance and less religious extremism, and obsequiously remarked that, given its Abrahamic roots, Islam is considered “the closest religion” to Christianity, a perplexing statement that glosses over both the Old Testament, which Christianity shares with Judaism, and the absence of any sacred texts that Christianity shares with Islam.
Whether the Cairo meeting will have real significance or turn out to be more dialogue for dialogue’s sake will depend partly on what Pope Francis says.
What the Pope Can’t Say
	The pope will have to take into consideration the grand sheikh’s red line: no criticism of Islam. Tayeb holds the view that to ask el-Azhar to address attacks on churches is to insinuate that they are caused by Islamic extremism. He rejects that assumption as “Islamophobia,” a form of blasphemy or “defamation against Islam.”
What angered Tayeb five years ago and prompted him to freeze the Vatican dialogue was precisely a papal denunciation of a church bombing in Alexandria at a Mass on New Year’s Eve, 2010. Pope Benedict called for the Copts’ protection. Two months ago, in a talk at the time of this round’s preliminary meetings, Tayeb indicated that his views on this score haven’t changed. While condemning the recent attacks, he stated that they have “nothing to do with religion” but “just exploit the name of Islam.” Were Francis to take Benedict’s approach, it would guarantee the dialogue’s quick, unceremonial end.
What the Pope Is Likely to Say
	The pope can’t entirely ignore the elephant in the room. Since 2011, when this dialogue was suspended, ISIS and other terrorists operating under the banner of Islam have all but destroyed two of the region’s four largest remaining Christian communities, in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, and Egypt — churches that trace their roots to the Apostles. Severely persecuted and forced into a mass exodus, Iraq’s Christians now number about 200,000, down from their pre-2003 population of 1.4 million. Syria is reported to have lost up to half of its 2 million Christians. In 2015, Pope Francis was the first to call this “genocide.”
Moreover, when this meeting was announced last October, no one anticipated that “Islamic State of Egypt” was about to announce its formation. It did so by proclaiming in a video that the country’s Copts were its “favorite prey” and the targeting of them its “priority.” Last December, the Coptic Orthodox Cathedral compound in Cairo was bombed, and 25 of the faithful were killed. In North Sinai in February, seven Copts were murdered, and terrorists drove a thousand others from their homes. April 9 saw the twin church bombings. On April 18, the ancient monastery of St. Catherine was attacked in South Sinai. These developments can’t be ignored.
In recent weeks, in gestures and short statements, the pope has given clues as to what he might say in Egypt.
The Vatican is showing a united Christian front. Francis has issued condolences to the Coptic Church following the Palm Sunday attacks and recently broadcast that he would like his visit to “be a witness of my affection, comfort, and encouragement for all the Christians of the Middle East.” His refusal of the protection of an armored car for the trip is a brave gesture of solidarity with them. Bartholomew, the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople and head of Greek Orthodox Christians, will accompany him, along with Pope Tawadros II, representing the Coptic Orthodox Church.
In another symbolic gesture of solidarity, Pope Francis last weekend at St. Bartholomew’s Basilica in Rome participated in a memorial service for contemporary martyrs. One of the speakers was Rose, the sister of Father Jacques Hamel, a priest whose throat was slit by Muslim extremists during Mass in a French church last summer. The pope departed from his prepared remarks to offer an anecdote about the persecution besieging Christians in the Muslim world today. He said that a Muslim man he met at a migrant center in Greece told him that he saw terrorists slit his wife’s throat when she refused to discard her crucifix. Perhaps anxious not to be seen as anti-Muslim, Francis, emphasizing that the Muslim husband was aggrieved, concluded the story by calling the migrant center a “concentration camp,” a hyperbolic remark that drew press attention and offended Jewish groups.
Pope Francis took a step back from the persecution issue a few days later, in a brief, friendly video message to all the people of Egypt, not just the Copts. Referring to the recent violence, which he imprecisely described as “blind,” he said, “Our world needs peace, love, and mercy. It needs peacemakers, people who are free and who set others free, men and women of courage who can learn from the past in order to build the future, free of every form of prejudice.”
What the Pope Should Say
	In Egypt, the pope is likely to continue bearing witness, invoking platitudes and keeping his focus on the Christian martyrs rather than the sensitive issue of their persecutors. He will also likely stress the philosophy of “healthy secularity,” which would ensure full citizenship for Christians, an important theme pressed in Christian–Muslim dialogue since Benedict’s time but without noticeable progress on the ground.
The pope needs to do more. He should challenge the grand sheikh to promote specific, measurable educational reforms in the Muslim world. In 2015, Egypt’s President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi went to el Azhar and pressed the imams for a “religious revolution” to end terrorism to little avail.
The grand sheikh has given him an opening. At the preliminary meetings, Tayeb called the terrorists “deviants” from the right path of Islam and argued that they “misunderstand” Islam. “Exonerating religion from terrorism is no longer sufficient,” he said.
Taking the grand sheikh’s own words, the pope should ask him to define and clarify key terms that ISIS and other jihadi groups use to attract and recruit Muslims. Tayeb has already made progress with the doctrine of takfir, a form of excommunication which the terrorists use to justify the killing of Sunni Muslims who reject extremism.
Tayeb must do the same with all the terms that are used to justify on Islamic grounds the killing and harming of Christians and others. Clarification is needed on such loaded terms as infidel, polytheist, idolator, apostate, and blasphemer and on the doctrines of dhimmitude and jihad. ISIS uses these and other terms regularly in its videos and online publications, which resonate with enough Muslims to make Islamic terrorism an existential threat to Christian minorities in the Middle East and a growing threat worldwide. As commonly taught, such language is a source of “continual incitement” of youth, as Henri Boulad, an Egyptian Jesuit, told the Vatican newspaper, L’Osservatore Romano.
For a helpful example, Pope Francis could point to Morocco. Earlier this year, its  High Religious Committee removed the death penalty for apostasy, rescinding its 2012 ruling that apostates were condemned to death. It clarified: “The most accurate understanding, and the most consistent with the Islamic legislation and the practical way of the Prophet, peace be upon him, is that the killing of the apostate is meant for the traitor of the group, the one disclosing secrets, . . . the equivalent of treason in international law.”
The head of the Roman Catholic Church has much to impart from Christianity’s own historical struggle with such issues in coming to terms with modernity. As a leading Sunni authority with particular influence in Egypt, where al-Azhar trains 1,000 preachers each year, the grand sheikh should be pressed to publicly and unequivocally delink from violence all the Islamic terms used to justify terror and persecution. Pope Francis should not shy away from making that demand.
— Nina Shea is the director of Hudson Institute’s Center for Religious Freedom.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If you loved Bill Nye the Science Guy, do yourself a favor and don’t call up the kiddie entertainer’s new Netflix show Bill Nye Saves the World. Bitter, angry, shouty, conspiratorial, vulgar, wheedling, given to absurd hyperbole, and blithely eager to wreak punishment on his enemies, Nye comes across mentally as several milliliters short of a beaker. It’s as if Kermit the Frog somehow morphed into Michael Moore.
The new show (supposedly aimed at adults but still written at a grade-school level) uses occasional references to science to introduce simple political advocacy, broken up by bad jokes and interludes of actual screaming. This isn’t science but scientism, the invocation of science in areas where there are legitimate differences of values. “See, you, me we’re in this together,” Nye tells his audience at the outset of the first episode. “If we think together and work together, good things are gonna happen.” This might be a tempting thought to some — “Come, join our mob, happiness will ensue!” But groupthink isn’t science.
In the first few days after 13 episodes debuted on the streaming service, two unfortunate moments went disastrously viral. Guest star Rachel Bloom, the star of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, appeared on episode nine to sing an ode to anal sex and transgenderism, with lyrics such as “Versatile love may have some butt stuff / It’s evolution, ain’t nothing new / There’s nothing taboo about a sex stew.” The segment was as off-base scientifically as it was creatively: Good luck explaining homosexuality in Darwinian terms.
An even more horrifying moment occurred in episode 13, which is devoted to the supposed problem of overpopulation. Nye featured Travis Rieder, of Johns Hopkins University, as a guest panelist ethicist. Rieder said that because people in poor countries (being poor) don’t consume much energy (even though overpopulation is a driver of climate change), we should direct our population-control efforts at the rich world, where the population isn’t growing, instead of at the poor world, where it is. This would, he reasoned, be the best way of reducing global energy demands.
Even though in Niger the average woman has seven children, Rieder said, “our two kids are way more problematic!” Congratulations, Travis Rieder’s children, your dad thinks your very existence regrettable. Next time you’re standing on a ledge, don’t let Dad sneak up behind you.
“So should we have policies that penalize people for having extra kids in the developed world?” Nye asks. “I do think that we should at least consider it,” Rieder replies blandly. “‘At least consider it’ is, like, ‘Do it!’” Nye responds, a demonic glint in his eye. Another panelist, Dr. Nerys Benfield, director of family planning at Montefiore Medical Center, spots a whiff of eugenics here: “We’ve gone down that road before and who winds up being penalized? It’s poor women, minorities, disabled women. . . . So we really have not come at it from a place of justice necessarily in the past.”
Frightening as this portion of the show is, it immediately follows a segment that consists of an urgent call for government-guaranteed maternity leave in the United States — the opposite of penalizing people for having kids in the developed world. The U.S. is presented as an outlier on this matter by a correspondent who had traveled all the way to Bangalore, India, to celebrate India’s maternity-leave policy.
The consecutive segments are in such flat contradiction with each other’s politics that the only way to make sense of them is to find the common element: U.S. bad; developing world good. Never mind that India is one of the world’s worst countries in which to be a woman or that Niger is one of the worst places on earth. Being a global-minded progressive American today means neo-Rousseauian fantasies that things are much better in the world’s most impoverished places.
Nye’s chief obsession these days is climate change — the politics of it, not the science. After a ludicrous skit in which the Victoria’s Secret model Karlie Kloss presents climate change as causing the imminent vanishing of coffee, chocolate, and fish (“Warming waters and ocean acidification are destroying all the fish supplies — like, all the fish,” she tells us), he lets loose with a rant about “climate-change deniers.” “These people,” he says, “have managed to get across the idea that somehow scientific uncertainty, plus or minus 2 or 3 percent, is the same as plus or minus 100 percent. It’s just wrong!” He pleads for the U.S. to be the world leader on the issue and says it could be done “if we were exporting the culture of ‘Climate change — serious business — we’re gonna get to work on this — we’re gonna have renewable energy — we’re gonna have clean water for everyone and access to electronic information for everyone in the world.’”
How did providing clean water and getting everyone hooked up to the Internet come into this picture? Never mind. The U.S. is, of course, already providing huge subsidies for renewables. A serious, sustained, nationwide effort to reduce greenhouse emissions is already long under way: U.S. carbon dioxide emissions are at their lowest point in a quarter of a century, and world emissions were flat last year. Thanks to a combination of regulatory punishment and market forces, especially the huge increase in U.S. natural-gas production via fracking and other methods, coal is rapidly being driven out of the U.S. economy.
None of this, alas, has much of an effect on global temperatures; nor will proposed fixes such as the Paris Climate Accord do much to alter the trajectory of global temperatures. So humanity will have to adapt to climate change, while people like Nye are ranting and raving and suggesting anyone who isn’t ranting and raving with equal fervor should face the same fate as Enron executives who went to jail. Climate change and what to do about it are frustratingly complicated matters, but the pleasure of identifying and castigating enemies is so simple that a child can understand it. I look forward to the day when Netflix presents Pee-Wee’s White-Privilege Playhouse.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Every new president, dating back to Jimmy Carter, has promised to cut regulations. Even President Obama’s executive orders on improving the regulatory process and cutting red tape sounded impressive when they were issued. That was before six of the seven all-time-high years for pages of federal regulations occurred during his tenure.
Four decades of nonstop growth in federal regulation show that tackling Washington’s bureaucracy is tougher than it sounds. The U.S. Code of Federal Regulations is more than 175,000 pages long, having grown steadily since the 1970s. Federal regulations aren’t just words on a page; these pages contain more than one million commandments from Washington in the form of restrictive words such as “must,” “cannot,” or “shall.”
But based on President Trump’s first 100 days, there is reason for optimism that this trend is about to change.
President Trump has already issued two executive orders on regulatory reform. They sent a message to executive agencies: Regulatory restrictions on businesses will not be able to keep growing on autopilot.
Trump’s hiring freeze will also help lower the rate of new regulations. As research from the Mercatus Center has shown, there is a high correlation between the number of employees at an agency and the number of regulations issued by that agency. President Trump has also taken advantage of the Congressional Review Act, which gives Congress the power to overturn recently finalized regulations through a simple majority vote. So far, he has signed at least 13 such repeals. Previously, this tool had been successfully used only once in its 20-year history.
Though President Trump’s lofty promise to cut regulation by “by 75 percent, maybe more” is likely unattainable, simply halting the growth in federal regulations would be a massive achievement. And the president has many methods available to him to accomplish this.
Moving into the next phase of his first term, there are three main legislative solutions that President Trump can use to follow through on his promises to cut regulation. These solutions address the accumulation of old regulations, the creation of costly new regulations, and the lack of public participation in the regulatory process.
First, the Trump Administration needs to get rid of outdated, ineffective regulations.
If President Trump decides to capitalize on his reputation as a deal maker, an innovative idea from the center-left Progressive Policy Institute would address regulatory accumulation. Both the Regulatory Improvement Act and the SCRUB Act create a “Regulatory Improvement Commission” to come up with a package of older regulations to eliminate that would then go through Congress for an up-or-down vote. Focusing on older regulations would take some of the politics out of regulatory reform, and voting on a large package in this way would limit the ability of established interests to interfere with the process.
Because figuring out what regulations to cut requires weighing costs and benefits, addressing regulatory accumulation also requires that proposed federal regulations undergo basic cost-benefit analyses. Currently, most regulations coming from Washington are never subjected to this commonsense test.
For example, in 2014, only 16 of the more than 3,500 rules published in the Federal Register had cost analyses. This problem is not a recent phenomenon — since 2001, fewer than three out of every 1,000 regulations have had an accompanying cost-benefit analysis. The resulting lack of information creates an incomplete picture of the total regulatory burden on the economy.
Second, the Trump administration must slow the nonstop growth in new, costly regulations.
While a regulatory improvement commission would help lower the economic drag from decades of regulatory accumulation, more needs to be done to reverse the destructive effects that the autopilot nature of federal regulation has on the economy. The Competitive Enterprise Institute’s Wayne Crews estimates that federal regulations cost the economy $1.9 trillion each year, which is larger than Canada’s entire economy and comes out to about $15,000 per U.S. household. The Trump administration could begin to turn the tide by supporting the REINS Act.
Under the REINS Act, Congress would have to voice approval within 70 days if a major regulation with more than $100 million in annual economic costs is to take effect. This would invert the current system, under which regulations take effect unless Congress takes the time to stop them. Because of this dynamic, there have been 29 times more regulations issued by agencies than laws passed by Congress since 2009. The REINS Act has overwhelming support from Republicans, and it has already passed the House. President Trump could have a chance to sign it into law before the year is over.
Finally, the Trump administration can infuse unprecedented transparency into the regulatory process.
To further strengthen his opposition to runaway executive-agency powers, President Trump can encourage Congress to consider legislation such as the Regulatory Predictability for Business Growth Act, which was introduced in 2015 but did not pass. This bill would require agency interpretations that are in effect for longer than a year to go through the general notice and comment provisions required under the Administrative Procedure Act.
Administrators’ interpretations are meant only to provide guidance for complying with existing regulations. For this reason, they are exempt from the full regulatory-review process required under the Administrative Procedure Act. Yet agencies have increasingly used blog posts, press conferences, and guidance documents to substantially alter the meaning of existing regulations.
Returning agency interpretation to its proper role as guidance rather than lawmaking would help reintroduce public participation and openness into the regulatory process. And, as with the other legislative reforms, this change will last long after Trump’s presidency is over, cemented as part of his legacy.
Excessive regulation holds back the United States’ economic potential. President Trump understands that dramatic reforms to the regulatory state are needed to overcome the era of 2 percent economic growth that he inherited. Thankfully, there are many legislative and executive options that he can take to fulfill his promise to restore sanity to the federal regulatory process. Lasting success will take far longer than 100 days, but President Trump is off to a promising start.
— Jared Meyer is a senior research fellow at the Foundation for Government Accountability.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Exciting news, America! In case you haven’t heard, we’re living in The Handmaid’s Tale.
Normally, I would take this shot of news with a chaser of instant panic, given that The Handmaid’s Tale — first published by Margaret Atwood in 1985 and now elevated to larger-than-life status with a much-ballyhooed new miniseries on Hulu — is a downright nightmarish story.
In Atwood’s dystopian world, a sinister cabal of fundamentalist Christians (it’s always those dastardly Christians, it seems) seizes power, transforming what remains of the United States into the cruel Republic of Gilead. In this terrifying new world, certain fertile women — the “handmaids” in question — are forced into sex slavery, dissenters are sent off to clean up toxic waste, and a sly yet miserable cadre of privileged upper-class women manage to quietly enable the whole thing.
According to a rash of earnest think pieces from dozens of news outlets, The Handmaid’s Tale is “timely” (the Washington Post), feels “chillingly real” (the San Francisco Chronicle), and has “an unexpected relevance in Trump’s America” (the New York Times). Atwood’s dystopia, writes Rebecca Nicholson in the Guardian, “has reignited the interest of readers, who have been drawing fresh parallels between Gilead and Trump’s America, and the novel topped the Amazon bestsellers list around the same time that signs at the global Women’s Marches asked to ‘Make Margaret Atwood fiction again.’”
Never one to miss a good marketing opportunity, Atwood affirmed our apparent unfolding national horror show on April 19, speaking to the Los Angeles Times about the Hulu series: “The election happened, and the cast woke up in the morning and thought, we’re no longer making fiction — we’re making a documentary.” According to a recent article in The New Republic, lo, have mercy, for great woes have apparently befallen me, a wide-eyed, unsuspecting resident of the Lone Star State: “Texas is Gilead and Indiana is Gilead and now that Mike Pence is our vice president, the entire country will look more like Gilead, too.”
Sheesh. You’d think that, as a woman, I would have noticed the collapse of the world around me, but hey, it’s been a busy spring. I’ve had a packed social schedule, and as the old saying goes, you never notice the brutal rise of a women-enslaving dystopia when you’re attending a gala celebrating successful women entrepreneurs just a few blocks down from a clinic that cheerfully offers almost-free government-subsidized IUDs!
Well, never mind. In wild-eyed national discussions like these, one could bring up several facts: the fact that Republicans, not Democrats, have championed over-the-counter birth control; the fact that Planned Parenthood could thrive on private funding if it lost the $500 million it finagles annually from taxpayers; or the fact that our new Supreme Court justice, Neil Gorsuch, announced during confirmation hearings that he would “have walked out the door” if Trump had asked him to overturn Roe v. Wade.
These facts, of course, will promptly be ignored.
The Handmaid’s Tale hysteria, in short, is simply not serious. There are many things to worry about in the Trump era — personally, I might choose the various nukes bouncing around North Korea, but you can pick your own poison. It’s telling, however, that much of the feminist hand-flapping bounces right over Trump, landing on . . . wait for it . . . the mild-mannered Mike Pence. “Vice President Mike Pence’s refusal to have dinner with women who aren’t his wife, for example,” wrote Sophie Gilbert in The Atlantic, “smacks of the same kind of Puritanism that saw women condemned as witches and harlots just for the virtue of being born female.” Well. That escalated quickly.
But there’s something infinitely more interesting going on beneath the surface of the great Handmaid’s Tale brouhaha, and it highlights one of the biggest, most baffling problems with modern feminism: the consistent insinuation that women have no personal agency.
It is a theme that quietly underscores almost every panicked article about The Handmaid’s Tale. But perhaps Atwood puts it best, suggesting to the Times that America — a country where minors can get IUDs without parental consent in 21 states, while Republicans earn mass panic for suggesting that Planned Parenthood, an organization that paid its CEO $957,952 in 2014, doesn’t need taxpayer help — is on the verge of a Ceausescu-like regime where women are “forced” to have babies.
This would be very scary, I suppose, if one were detached from reality and also didn’t know how babies are made. In the feminist world, babies just seem to “happen” to women; it’s almost as quaint as the stork. It also all takes place in an imaginary world where modern birth control and individual agency don’t exist. (Spoiler alert: Birth control, despite what you may read, is not about to get banned. It will also probably remain subsidized to the hilt.)
Weirdly, for all of their talk about women needing to “control their own bodies,” feminists often act as if women are helpless and completely incapable of doing so on their own — unless, that is, they’re guided by a large, expansive, paternalistic government.
Good heavens. Forgive me, but for a moment, that almost sounded like The Handmaid’s Tale.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review Online columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The French are too intellectually vain to borrow others’ political ideas, but too interested in style not to appreciate and appropriate that of others. So, on May 7 they might confer their presidency on a Gallic Barack Obama.
In 2008, Obama, a freshman senator, became a national Rorschach test, upon whom Americans projected their longings. Emmanuel Macron, 39, is a former Paris investment banker, untainted by electoral experience, and a virtuoso of vagueness. His platform resembles ( in The Spectator’s Jonathan Miller’s description) “a box of chocolates from one of those upscale confiseries on the Rue Jacob: full of soft centers.” This self-styled centrist is a former minister for the incumbent president, socialist François Hollande, who in a recent poll enjoyed 4 percent approval. (Last Sunday, the Socialist-party candidate won 6.35 percent of the vote.) Macron calls his movement En Marche!, meaning “on the move,” which is as self-congratulatory and uninformative as Obama’s “We are the ones we’ve been waiting for.” Macron proposes to cure France’s durable stagnation by being ever so nice. Which means, above all, by not being . . . her.
In 1984, when Marine Le Pen’s anti-Semitic and xenophobic father, Jean-Marie, received more than 2 million votes for president, a Paris headline asked: “Are there 2,182,248 Fascists in France?” It was not an unreasonable question, he having advocated uniting all “the forces of the nation in a fasces.” He was pointedly invoking the Roman symbol of power — rods lashed together around an ax handle with the blade protruding — from which fascism took its name. His slogan was cunningly sinister: “My program is what you are thinking.” Meaning: what you flinch from saying about Jews, immigrants, and other deplorables.
It is unclear how far from this tree the sour apple that is his daughter has fallen. Her rallies feature chants of “On est chez nous” (“This is our home”), which expresses anxiety that France is less and less that. Millions of unassimilated immigrants have made a mockery of the dreamy multiculturalism preached by people living comfortably insulated from the influx. Le Pen’s blood-and-soil nationalism is a primal scream against the felt dilution of identity.
It is untrue that French libraries file the nation’s constitutions under periodicals. There have been a slew of them since 1791; the current one is a relatively ancient 59 years old. But a nation’s identity is usually bound up with linguistic unity, so France’s national identity is, in a sense, relatively young. Political scientist Francis Fukuyama has written: “In the 1860s, a quarter of France’s population could not speak French, and another quarter spoke it only as a second language. French was the language of Paris and the educated elite; in rural France, peasants spoke Breton, Picard, Flemish, Provençal, or any number of other local dialects.” Marine Le Pen, self-styled avatar of Frenchness, won less than 5 percent of the vote in Paris, running strongest where national identity has been most recently realized.
In 1977, France’s GDP was about 60 percent larger than Britain’s; today it is smaller than Britain’s. In the interval, Britain had Margaret Thatcher, and France resisted “neoliberalism” (see above: keeping foreigners’ ideas at bay). It would mean dismantling the heavy-handed state direction of the economy known as “dirigisme,” which is French for sclerosis. France’s unemployment rate is 10 percent, and more than twice that for the young.
Public-sector spending is more than 56 percent of France’s GDP, higher than any other European nation’s. Macron promises only to nibble at statism’s ragged edges. He will not receive what he is not seeking — a specific mandate to challenge retirement at age 62, or the 35-hour workweek and the rest of France’s 3,500 pages of labor regulations that make it an ordeal to fire a worker and thus make businesses wary about hiring. Instead, he wants a more muscular European Union, which, with its democracy deficit, embodies regulatory arrogance.
The 1930s confounded the European Left because capitalism’s crisis benefited the rancid Right, which by melding economic and cultural anxieties produced aspirations from the base metal of resentments. Today, globalization is causing similar stirrings on both sides of the Atlantic. Le Pen’s surge probably will crest short of floating her into the presidency. But in France and elsewhere, complacent people should remember the words of the African-American spiritual with which James Baldwin in 1963 warned Americans during the struggle for civil rights:
God gave Noah the rainbow sign
No more water, the fire next time.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s tax plan calls for reducing the corporate-income tax to 15 percent. That’s about 15 points too high.
Mitt Romney was mocked for insisting “corporations are people,” but he was right: A corporation is a cooperation, a group of people acting together as one corpus for a particular purpose. And it would be easier and more simple to tax the people.
Corporate income is unlike individual or household income in that it is broadly defined as income minus expenses, meaning ordinary business expenses, whereas the individual taxpayer can only deduct certain narrowly defined expenses, such as mortgage interest. The simplified version: If Corporation X makes $1 billion and has $900 million in expenses, then it has $100 million in taxable income, which is subject to a top rate of 39 percent. Most corporate income is taxed at the highest rate.
Even the simplest version of this structure creates opportunities for shenanigans and incentives to pursue them. But the real-world version isn’t simple at all, and it makes things much, much worse. Politicians create tax incentives that reward businesses for doing things they like and punish them for doing things they don’t like, while corporate interest groups invest a great deal of time and energy in lobbying for tax favors. Some of that is pretty crude: Democrats have for years been trying to monkey with business-expense rules to punish companies for outsourcing, so that a cardboard box bought for moving business records from the headquarters in St. Louis to the warehouse across town would be a deductible expense but the same box used to move business records to a new call center in the Philippines would not be deductible. Some of it is more subtle and more complicated, i.e., engineering deals and business units in such a way that artificial capital losses and expenses can be racked up and stored away to reduce (for tax purposes) future income. There’s an old joke that General Electric is the world’s greatest tax-law firm, with a sideline in manufacturing, but consider also that blockbuster films that do billions of dollars in business routinely show little or no profit for tax purposes. Famously, Return of the Jedi has never made a dime, so far as the IRS is concerned.
What would happen if we simply eliminated the corporate-income tax entirely?
It would not represent a tax-free windfall to a bunch of pinstriped boardroom schmucks and Wall Street types and corporate shareholders. There are all sorts of things that businesses could do with that extra 40 percent of whatever they have left over after expenses. But if they pay it out in salaries and bonuses, whether to fat-cat executives or ordinary line workers, those people pay the individual income tax on that money. If they pay it out to shareholders in the form of dividends, the shareholders pay the capital-gains tax on that money. If it is distributed through other capital gains, the same thing applies. If it is used to acquire facilities or equipment, then that money becomes income for another company, which has the same choices about how to dispose of it. The money still gets taxed, but not until it hits someone’s bank account.
You have not eliminated the taxation of that corporate income. You have moved it from the corporate level to the individual level, which has some benefits: Most individuals have far less opportunity and incentive to go to great lengths in pursuit of tax-avoidance strategies: The typical corporate shareholder is not a guy in Manhattan wearing braces and smoking a cigar — it’s a retired teacher in California who owns stock indirectly through the teachers’ union retirement system, and maybe directly through her individual retirement fund. I am very, very skeptical of popular Republican claims about self-financing tax cuts, but it is at least conceivable that some of that corporate income would in fact be taxed at a higher effective rate if there were no corporate income tax. And zeroing out the corporate income tax would also eliminate the double taxation in which income is taxed once at the corporate rate and then again when paid out as dividends.
But the most desirable consequence would not be fiscal, strictly speaking. It would be the fact that GE could stop being a tax-law firm and go back to its core businesses of lightbulbs and jet engines and warmongering or whatever. Putting that capital to productive use would not provide a guarantee of stronger economic growth, as some of my more optimistic conservative friends insist, but it would provide an opportunity for it.
Cutting the corporate-income tax to 15 percent is not enough: Many firms already pay an effective rate of less than that (see shenanigans, above), and merely playing with the rate leaves in place the cumbrous and distorting tax structure that is as much a part of the problem as the rate. The corporate tax accounts for a little more than 10 percent of federal revenue, and much of the notional revenue cost of eliminating it entirely could be offset by two tax reforms that we ought to be enacting anyway: the elimination of the mortgage-interest deduction (the tax break that helped create the housing bubble) and the state-and-local tax deduction (the tax break for rich liberals in California and New York). If Art Laffer and the guys turn out to be right and that forgone revenue ends up not being forgone and we find the federal government in better fiscal shape than expected ten years down the road, so much the better.
(Other fiscal offsets are available in pretty obvious forms, such as spending less money. Ho, ho.)
Because the United States has one of the highest statutory corporate-income tax rates in the world, U.S. firms — especially very successful ones such as Apple — have a very powerful incentive to keep their foreign earnings parked overseas, where they sit until the lawyers figure out a way to make use of them without incurring a 39 percent federal penalty for earning the money. Getting that money back in the game would be a very big deal.
On the corporate tax, my advice is always the same: Don’t fear the tax haven — be the tax haven.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. \
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Early this afternoon, Ann Coulter canceled her planned Thursday speech at the University of California, Berkeley. There can now be no doubt: A violent Left-wing mob dictates the rules at one of the nation’s (and the world’s) most prominent academic institutions.
Let’s be crystal clear about the government’s obligation here: It is to protect liberty. That’s why government exists in our constitutional republic, to guarantee the exercise of our unalienable rights, especially when it is threatened. Berkeley instead has chosen to systematically strip those rights from its students and hand ultimate power to the mob, justifying its cowardice through a disingenuous appeal to public safety.
The deprivation of individual rights is comprehensive, ominous, and intolerable.
First, Berkeley strips students of their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms so it can maintain and enforcing an allegedly gun-free campus. As a result, students are forced to depend entirely on campus and city police to secure their safety and liberty.
Second, campus law enforcement has shamefully abdicated its role. According to a lawsuit filed against the university by the Young America’s Foundation and the Berkeley College Republicans, the campus police operate under what is essentially a “stand down” order, intervening only if they believe human life is in immediate danger. The mayor of Berkeley himself has justified lackluster police responses by claiming that if police had been more aggressive then “more people could’ve gotten hurt.” Let’s be clear about what this means: The police are failing to protect liberty in part out of a desire to protect the rioters from physical harm. That’s why entire city streets have seemed to be empty of police presence. That’s why rioters have been able to beat innocent citizens with impunity. That’s why so few arrests have been made.
Third, this means that students and speakers face a terrible choice. Say the words the mob lets you say, when the mob lets you say them, or face the violence America has seen splashed on screens across the country. Men and women are being beaten with bats and bike locks. They’re being tear-gassed. They’re getting gang-tackled and stomped until they’re covered in their own blood. At a protest in Washington state, someone was actually shot. Given the level of violence thus far, it’s a miracle that no one has died; if things continue like this, someone surely will.
Justifying his institution’s cowardice, Berkeley’s chancellor put out a statement discussing at length the university’s commitment to free speech and to student safety. But against the backdrop of law enforcement’s unwillingness to enforce the law, it’s clear that he — like the police — is trying to protect the mob. His obligation is to protect liberty, not to guarantee the safety of those who violently and lawlessly suppress individual freedom. He is knowingly granting the mob a heckler’s veto.
The gun on a police officer’s hip exists to protect himself and others, yes, but it also exists to guarantee liberty. Constitutionally literate leaders understand this truth. Constitutionally literate citizens understand it as well. The guns on our own hips represent our commitment to freedom, and this much I know: If law enforcement fails to defend our nation’s founding liberties, then, ultimately, an armed citizenry will. The choice is that stark. The stakes are that great.
Berkeley likes to say that it isn’t censoring anyone, that it’s merely imposing reasonable “time, place, and manner” restrictions on speech in an attempt to balance fundamental liberties with the safety of the campus community. But in reality, the university is in full retreat, with the mob forcing the speech it doesn’t like into smaller venues, at times when far fewer people can hear it. Like a whipped cur, U.C. Berkeley is being backed into its crate, its tale between its legs, yelping about safety every trembling step of the way.
Colleges can do better. I’ve seen them do better. I’ve seen determined officers protect the most controversial speakers. I’ve seen the mob back down. All it takes is will. All it takes is courage. The government is not here to make rioters feel safe. Its first responsibility isn’t to make sure that only a “few” people get beaten and gassed for the crime of holding a charged political point of view. It’s here to secure and defend liberty.
Berkeley is failing at that basic, fundamental task. Other universities teeter on the brink of the same failure. It’s time for political leaders to remember their first duty. The alternative isn’t systematic censorship, but civil conflict. Restore the rule of law now, or our nation will find itself in a dark place indeed.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE



ARTICLE
A showboating federal judge in San Francisco has issued an injunction against President Trump’s executive order cutting off federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities. The ruling distorts the E.O. beyond recognition, accusing the president of usurping legislative authority despite the order’s express adherence to “existing law.” Moreover, undeterred by the inconvenience that the order has not been enforced, the activist court — better to say, the fantasist court — dreams up harms that might befall San Francisco and Santa Clara, the sanctuary jurisdictions behind the suit, if it were enforced. The court thus flouts the standing doctrine, which limits judicial authority to actual controversies involving concrete, non-speculative harms.
Although he vents for 49 pages, Judge William H. Orrick III gives away the game early, on page 4. There, the Obama appointee explains that his ruling is about . . . nothing.
That is, Orrick acknowledges that he is adopting the construction of the E.O. urged by the Trump Justice Department, which maintains that the order does nothing more than call for the enforcement of already existing law. Although that construction is completely consistent with the E.O. as written, Judge Orrick implausibly describes it as “implausible.”
Since Orrick ultimately agrees with the Trump Justice Department, and since no enforcement action has been taken based on the E.O., why not just dismiss the case? Why the judicial theatrics?
There appear to be two reasons.
The first is Orrick’s patent desire to embarrass the White House, which rolled out the E.O. with great fanfare. The court wants it understood that Trump is a pretender: For all the hullaballoo, the E.O. effectively did nothing. Indeed, Orrick rationalizes his repeated misreadings of what the order actually says by feigning disbelief that what it says could possibly be what it means. Were that the case, he suggests, there would have been no reason to issue the order in the first place.
Thus, taking a page from the activist left-wing judges who invalidated Trump’s “travel ban” orders, Orrick harps on stump speeches by Trump and other administration officials. One wonders how well Barack “If you like your plan, you can keep your plan” Obama would have fared under the judiciary’s new Trump Doctrine: The extravagant political rhetoric by which the incumbent president customarily sells his policies relieves a court of the obligation to grapple with the inevitably more modest legal text of the directives that follow.
Of course, the peer branches of government are supposed to presume each other’s good faith in the absence of a patent violation of the law. But let’s put aside the unseemliness of Orrick’s barely concealed contempt for a moment, because he is also wrong. The proper purpose of an executive order is to direct the operations of the executive branch within the proper bounds of the law. There is, therefore, nothing untoward about an E.O. that directs the president’s subordinates to take enforcement action within the confines of congressional statutes. In fact, it is welcome.
It is the president’s burden to set federal law-enforcement priorities. After years of Obama’s lax enforcement of immigration law and apathy regarding sanctuary jurisdictions, an E.O. openly manifesting an intent to execute the laws vigorously can have a salutary effect. And indeed, indications are that the cumulative effect of Trump’s more zealous approach to enforcement, of which the sanctuary-city E.O. is just one component, has been a significant reduction in the number of aliens seeking to enter the U.S. illegally.
In any event, eight years of Obama’s phone and pen have made it easy to forget that the president is not supposed to make law, and thus that we should celebrate, not condemn, an E.O. that does not break new legal ground. Orrick, by contrast, proceeds from the flawed premise that if a president is issuing an E.O., it simply must be his purpose to usurp congressional authority. Then he censures Trump for a purported usurpation that is nothing more than a figment of his own very active imagination.
Orrick’s second reason for issuing his Ruling About Nothing is to rationalize what is essentially an advisory opinion. It holds — I know you’ll be shocked to hear this — that if Trump ever did try to cut off funds from sanctuary cities, it would be an epic violation of the Constitution. Given that courts are supposed to refrain from issuing advisory opinions, the Constitution is actually more aggrieved by Orrick than by Trump.
* * *
In a nutshell, the court claims that the E.O. is presidential legislation, an unconstitutional violation of the separation of powers. Orrick insists that the E.O. directs the attorney general and the secretary of homeland security to cut off any federal funds that would otherwise go to states and municipalities if they “willfully refuse to comply” with a federal law (Section 1373 of Title 8) that calls for state and local cooperation in enforcing immigration law.
According to Judge Orrick, Trump’s E.O. is heedless of whether Congress has approved any terminations of state funding from federal programs it has enacted. In one of the opinion’s most disingenuous passages, Orrick asserts that the E.O. “directs the Attorney General and the [Homeland Security] Secretary to ensure that ‘sanctuary jurisdictions’ are ‘not eligible to receive’ federal grants.” (Emphasis in original.)
But this is just not true; Orrick has omitted key context from the relevant passage, which actually states that “the Attorney General and the Secretary, in their discretion and to the extent consistent with law, shall ensure that jurisdictions that willfully refuse to comply with 8 U.S.C. 1373 (sanctuary jurisdictions) are not eligible to receive Federal grants.” (Emphasis added.)
In plain English, the president has expressly restricted his subordinates to the limits that Congress has enacted. Under Trump’s order, there can be no suspension or denial of funding from a federal program unless congressional statutes authorize it. The president is not engaged in an Obama-esque rewrite of federal law; he explicitly ordered his subordinates to follow federal law.
It is not enough to say Orrick mulishly ignores the clear text of the executive order. Again and again, Justice Department lawyers emphasized to the court that Trump’s order explicitly reaffirmed existing law. Orrick refused to listen because, well, what fun would that be? If the president is simply directing that the law be followed, there is no basis for a progressive judge to accuse him of violating the law. Were he to concede that, how would Orrick then win this month’s Social Justice Warrior in a Robe Award for Telling Donald Trump What For?
Orrick can’t confine himself to merely inventing a violation, either, because there is no basis for a lawsuit unless a violation results in real damages. So, the judge also has to fabricate some harm. This takes some doing since, in addition to merely directing that the law be enforced, the Trump administration has not actually taken any action against any sanctuary jurisdiction to this point.
No problem: Orrick theorizes that because San Francisco and Santa Clara receive lots of government funding, Trump’s order afflicts them with “pre-enforcement” anxiety. They quake in fear that their safety-net and services budgets will be slashed.
Sanctuary cities? Maybe we should call them snowflake cities.
As noted above, there is a transparent agenda behind Orrick’s sleight of hand. The judge is keen to warn the president that, if ever his administration were to deny funds to sanctuary cities, it would violate the Constitution. It is in connection with this advisory opinion that the judge makes the only point worthy of consideration — albeit not in the case before him.
Here, it is useful to recall the Supreme Court’s first Obamacare ruling. While conservatives inveighed against Chief Justice Roberts’s upholding of the individual mandate, the decision had a silver lining: The majority invalidated Obamacare’s Medicaid mandate, which required the states, as a condition of qualifying for federal Medicaid funding, to enforce the federal government’s generous new Medicaid qualifications.
In our system, the states are sovereign — the federal government may not dictate to them in areas of traditional state regulation, nor may it conscript them to enforce federal law. The Supremes therefore explained that state agreements to accept federal funding in return for adopting federal standards (e.g., to accept highway funding in exchange for adopting the federally prescribed 55-mph speed limit) are like contracts. The state must agree to the federal government’s terms. Once such an agreement is reached, the feds may not unilaterally make material changes in the terms, nor may they use their superior bargaining position to extort a state into acceding to onerous new terms in order to get the federal money on which it has come to depend. Whether a particular case involves such an extortion, as opposed to a permissible nudge, depends on the facts. If the feds are too heavy-handed, they run the risk of violating the Tenth Amendment’s federalist division of powers.
Who knew federal judges in ur-statist San Francisco had become such federalists?
Orrick contends that if Trump were to cut off funds from sanctuary cities for failure to assist federal immigration-enforcement officials, it would offend the Tenth Amendment. This is highly unlikely. First, let’s remember — though Orrick studiously forgets — that Trump’s order endorses only such stripping of funds as Congress has already approved. Thus, sanctuary jurisdictions would be ill-suited to claim that they’d been sandbagged. Second, the money likely to be at issue would surely be nothing close to Medicaid funding. Finally, Trump would not be unilaterally rewriting an existing federal–state contract; he’d be calling for the states to follow federal laws that (a) were on the books when the states started taking federal money and (b) pertain to immigration, a legal realm in which the courts have held the federal government is supreme and the states subordinate.
Still, all that said, whether any Trump-administration effort to cut off funding would run afoul of the Tenth Amendment would depend on such considerations as how much funding was actually cut; whether Congress had authorized the cut in designing the funding program; whether the funding was tightly related or unrelated to immigration enforcement; and how big a burden it would be for states to comply with federal demands. Those matters will be impossible to evaluate unless and until the administration actually directs a slashing of funds to a sanctuary jurisdiction.
If that happens, there will almost certainly be no legal infirmity as long as Trump’s E.O. means what it says — namely, that any funding cuts must be consistent with existing federal law. But it hasn’t happened. And as long as it hasn’t happened, there is no basis for a court to involve itself, much less issue an anticipatory ruling.
Such niceties matter only if you’re practicing law, though. Judge Orrick is practicing politics.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Ahead of a potential government-shutdown battle, President Trump is reportedly willing to forgo a congressional down payment on a “big, beautiful wall” on America’s southern border. Despite his insistence on the wall’s importance to his immigration-enforcement agenda, the president is apparently open to postponing negotiations on funding until September, when Congress will take up the 2018 budget.
The maximalist version of Donald Trump’s proposed border wall was always a quixotic enterprise. From Brownsville, Texas, to San Diego, Calif., the U.S.–Mexico border stretches nearly 2,000 miles, often across rugged, harsh terrain — including Texas’s Big Bend National Park and Arizona’s Sonoran Desert. Building a single, monolithic wall is not feasible for much of this territory, as Trump himself acknowledges at times. The proposed route of a wall also cuts through privately owned land, raising serious legal questions. Nevertheless, more barriers in select places are welcome. We have repeatedly suggested as much and, the fulsome rhetoric of the president notwithstanding, this is the goal of the Department of Homeland Security.
But, as we have also suggested, physical barriers along the southern border ought to be just one element of a larger immigration-enforcement agenda. So far, President Trump has used his executive power fairly effectively toward this end, signing off on a series of orders that roll back some of President Obama’s worst overreaches, and directing executive-branch agencies to aggressively enforce laws rendered toothless by his predecessor. He has encouraged Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Border Patrol to hire. Last week, he signaled an interest in ending the well-documented abuse in the H-1B visa program, which employers have used to undercut American workers in high-skilled jobs.
These and other policies, and their (usually) clear promulgation, are already having an effect on the flow of illegal immigration into the U.S. DHS reports that border apprehensions of parents and children decreased 93 percent — from 16,000 to just over 1,100 — from December 2016 to March 2017. DHS secretary John Kelly suggests that news of the new administration’s tougher line on illegal immigration is discouraging many would-be illegal immigrants from taking the risk of crossing the border.
All without Trump’s border wall. Rather than obsessing over the wall — let alone the preposterous idea that Mexico is going to pay for it at some future date — the president should focus on securing the gains that have already been made at the border and continuing to ramp up internal enforcement. Toward that end, his energies would be best spent working with congressional leaders to appropriate money to help swell the ranks of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Border Patrol; encouraging a bill to mandate nationwide E-Verify for new hires, which would help cut off the jobs magnet for illegal immigration; and pushing Congress to add muscle to H-1B enforcement. The bargaining chip he has available to play to try to get Democratic support is a formal, lawful amnesty for so-called DREAMers.
Since there is a finite amount of funding available for immigration enforcement, E-Verify, a crackdown on H-1B abuse, and similar measures should be more important priorities than additional barriers at the border. The purpose of the wall, after all, was to cut down, and ideally end, the steady stream of immigrants crossing our southern border illegally. We are now seeing how central enforcement in the interior of the country is to that goal. The wall Trump often describes may be big and beautiful, but it is also fanciful, and, when it comes to the things we need to do to establish a durable enforcement regime, largely beside the point.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Donald Trump is expected to announce his long-awaited tax-reform plan this week, the centerpiece of which is reportedly a reduction of the top federal corporate-tax rate from the current 35 percent to 15 percent. Even before the plan’s formal announcement, critics have reacted with predictable wailing and gnashing of teeth.
If they really care about helping workers and reducing poverty, they should rethink their opposition.
It is easy to cherry pick statistics in this debate. Supporters of corporate-tax reform point out that the United States has one of the highest effective marginal corporate-tax rates in the world at 38.9 percent when both state and federal taxes are considered. Critics counter that the effective average corporate rate is actually much lower, with estimates ranging from 23 percent to 34.9 percent. The effective average rate and the effective marginal rate are, of course, very different things.
The marginal tax rate reflects the amount of taxes that a company will pay on the next dollar of income earned, while the average effective tax rate is calculated based on the amount of taxes that companies actually pay after taking into account all exclusions and deductions.
Those who cite marginal tax rates in the corporate tax-reform debate have the better case for two reasons. First, it is marginal rates that most affect incentives, the willingness of companies to innovate, invest, and expand. Second, all the effort that companies put into reducing their effective tax rates is highly inefficient and distortionary. Companies should be making decisions based on what is best for business, not what is most likely to reduce taxes. In fact, American corporations currently spend some 240 million man-hours every year preparing their taxes, much of that devoted to attempts at reducing their tax burdens. And those efforts come at the expense of productivity and competitiveness.
More importantly, we should understand that corporations are largely collectors of taxes, rather than payers. The vast majority of corporate taxes are simply passed through, ultimately paid by investors, consumers, or employees. Remember Mitt Romney’s much derided comment that “corporations are people, too”? In the case of corporate taxes, it’s entirely true.
Workers in particular appear to take much of the hit from higher corporate-tax rates. Because capital is mobile while labor is not, investors can often escape the pass-through of corporate taxation, while workers end up paying the price.
Several studies show that higher corporate taxes mean lower wages. For example, a 2007 EU Study found that “a ten percentage point increase in the corporate tax rate of high-income countries reduces mean annual gross wages by seven percent.” Another study, for the American Enterprise Institute, concluded that “wages are significantly responsive to corporate taxation.” And a study of state-level corporate taxes for the National Bureau of Economic Research found that cuts in corporate taxes benefit workers, especially unionized ones: “A one percent lower state [corporate] tax rate is associated with a 0.36 percent higher union wage premium, suggesting that workers in a fully unionized firm capture roughly 54 percent of the benefits of low tax rates.”
Moreover, studies suggest that low-wage workers are as likely to be hurt by high corporate taxes as their high-wage counterparts. That means that those who want to help low-wage workers escape poverty should be among the first to embrace corporate-tax reduction.
Of course, there are many unanswered questions around the Trump plan. While the proposed rate deduction has been leaked, few other details are yet available, and the devil will undoubtedly be in the details. It remains to be seen, for example, whether Trump’s proposal will include the much-debated Border Adjustment Tax, which would hit American consumers to the tune of $30 billion per year.
More concerning still is the proposal’s potential impact on the deficit. Because a reduction in corporate taxes would reduce the double taxation of some investment income, the Brookings Institution/Urban Institute Tax Policy Center estimates that it could result in a $2.4 trillion reduction in federal tax revenue over the next decade. The Trump administration expects economic growth to recoup most of this loss, but many experts are skeptical. Tax cuts do increase economic growth — and this one is particularly likely to do so — but they rarely “pay for themselves.” The administration’s continuing refusal to embrace spending cuts means that it runs the risk of ballooning our $20 trillion national debt in pursuit of (sorely needed) tax cuts.
Those concerns aside, though, lower corporate-tax rates should draw broad bipartisan support. As a reform, corporate-tax cuts are far more likely to help workers than trade wars or minimum-wage hikes. It is hard to see why — beyond reflexive “resistance” to Trump — anyone would oppose the idea.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Are you freaking kidding me? Thirteen-term Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters, Beltway barnacle permanently affixed to USS Government, is now the fresh-faced “rock star” of the Democratic party.
“Auntie Maxine” is stoking the resistance, inspiring Millennials, combating hate, crusading against corruption, and invoking the counterinsurgent cry to “stay woke!”
I do not have enough guffaws to give.
This new spokesmodel for civility and clean government has stoked division and exploited taxpayers for decades.
Change agent? She has served on the Democratic National Committee since 1980 — when the Atari 2600 was cutting-edge, Kim Kardashian was a newborn, and Al Franken was hamming it up on Saturday Night Live.
Waters has spent 37 years in office — many of those years as head of the Congressional Black Caucus — promising to make life better for constituents in economically ravaged South Central Los Angeles.
What do the denizens of her district have to show for it? Staggering levels of persistent unemployment, poverty, and gang violence as the 25th anniversary of the L.A. riots looms this coming weekend.
What does Representative Waters have to show for it?
She’s earned a lifetime of left-wing adoration for whitewashing the deadly riots as a “rebellion,” excusing the week-long shooting, looting, and arson orgy as “a spontaneous reaction to a lot of injustice and a lot of alienation and frustration,” and coddling Crips and Bloods gang members — with whom she performed the Electric Slide as part of her “fearless support and understanding of young people and their efforts at self-expression.”
I covered Waters in the early 1990s as an editorial writer and columnist at the Los Angeles Daily News. Her federally funded Maxine Waters Employment Preparation Center was a gang-infested boondoggle.
She embraced Damian Williams, the infamous thug who hurled a chunk of concrete at white truck driver Reginald Denny and performed a victory dance over the bloodied innocent bystander.
And she and her family personally profited from her rise to racially demagogic power.
She owns a tony mansion in predominantly white Hancock Park, several miles outside her congressional district.
She secured an ambassadorship to the Bahamas for her husband, a former pro football player and car salesman whose main qualification was having traveled to the island for a vacation.
Her daughter, Karen, has scooped up nearly $650,000 in payments from Mama Waters’s slate mailer operation for her federal campaign committee since 2006, the Washington Free Beacon reported this week. And Mama Waters owes her well-heeled daughter an additional $108,000.
Waters also mau-maued the House Veterans Committee into hiring two black staffers.
And she walked away with a slap on the wrist from the toothless House Ethics Committee in 2012 after being charged with multiple ethics violations related to her meddling in minority-owned OneUnited Bank.
Reminder for all the new fangirls and fanboys suffering from Maxi-mnesia: Her husband, Sidney, was an investor in one of the banks that merged into OneUnited. As stockholders, they profited handsomely from their relationship with the bank.
It was a mutually beneficial relationship. After Waters’s office personally intervened and lobbied the Treasury Department in 2008, OneUnited received $12 million in federal TARP bailout money — despite another government agency concluding that the bank operated “without effective underwriting standards” and engaged “in speculative investment practices.” After the federal bailout of Fannie/Freddie, OneUnited’s stock in the government-sponsored enterprises plunged to a value estimated at less than $5 million. Only through Waters’s intervention was OneUnited able to secure an emergency meeting with the Treasury and then-Secretary Henry Paulson.
Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch president, reported that Waters’s friend and fellow California Democratic congresswoman Zoe Lofgren helped delay Waters’s scheduled 2010 House ethics trial on the matter by stalling subpoenas and improperly firing two attorneys working on the investigation. Six of ten House Ethics panel members quit the case in 2012 over questions about their partiality. An outside investigator absolved Waters of any wrongdoing.
The newfound Maxine Waters Fan Club might want to know that Waters’s government cronyism and self-dealing earned her a “Most Corrupt member of Congress” designation from the left-wing Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington five times — in 2005, 2006, 2009, 2011, and 2017.
Now, Muddy Maxine is leading the charge to drain the swamp that sustains her. What a riot.
— Michelle Malkin is host of Michelle Malkin Investigates on CRTV.com. Her e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
In case you’ve been confused by the last few days of punditry, let me say outright that France is not America.
For example, we recently concluded a presidential election in the United States in which many argued that it was imperative to smash the “final glass ceiling” by electing a female president. One doesn’t hear that kind of talk in France about Marine Le Pen, who just came in second in the first round of presidential elections. If she wins the runoff against Emmanuel Macron on May 7, she would be France’s first female president.
Why is there no “ready for Marine” rhetoric? Because Le Pen would also be the first “far-right” president. Identity politics has its limits.
And so does the term “far-right.”
Indeed, the terms “left” and “right” rank among the worst of France’s exports. Their inspiration wasn’t ideology, but a seating chart. Supporters of the monarchy sat on the right in the General Assembly while radicals, revolutionaries, republicans, and other foes and critics of the Ancien Régime sat on the left. (In Britain, by contrast, members of Parliament switch sides according to whichever party is in power.)
Thus, champions of free markets and limited government were every bit as “leftist” as the Jacobin totalitarians who would usher in the Reign of Terror. To this day, a “liberal” in France is closer to what many call a “right-winger” in America, at least on economic issues.
As for what constitutes “far-right,” that has come to be defined as a grab bag of bigotry, nativism, and all the bad kinds of nationalism. Le Pen is the youngest daughter of the even more “far-right” anti-Semitic politician Jean-Marie Le Pen, who until recently led the National Front party (FN), which was founded in 1972 by, among others, veterans of the Nazi-collaborationist Vichy government.
How far the apple fell from the tree is hotly debated, but what is clear is that Marine Le Pen is a smarter, more opportunistic, and more inclusive politician. She even defenestrated her father from the FN in an effort to “un-demonize” the party.
One of the main reasons she has come so close to being the next president of France has been her ability to sap support from former strongholds of the French Communist Party in the north. This is less shocking than it may sound, once you account for the fact that the French Communist Party has its own history of racially tinged attacks on immigration. Nearly a third of FN voters said their second choice in the first round of the elections was the doctrinaire socialist candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the French Bernie Sanders.
Le Pen rejects the “far-right” label, preferring a “third-way” approach that has a long intellectual history among nationalists and fascists. She says that the symbiotic issues of immigration and globalization (specifically relating to the European Union) yielded a new politics that “no longer put the right and left in opposition, but patriots and globalists.” She has downplayed social issues, highlighting the fact that she’s a twice-divorced single mother who champions “women’s rights.” She’s vowed to leave abortion laws alone.
Her “economic patriotism” — a mélange of anti-immigration, protectionism, support for civil-service protections, and entitlements (at least for the native-born French) — is an updated variant of old-fashioned national-socialism.
In other words, those looking to cherry-pick easy comparisons to American politics have their work cut out for them.
Except in one regard.
For decades, critics of America’s mass immigration have argued that the social upheaval such policies produce is dangerous and destabilizing. But the topic became radioactive for reasonable politicians, creating an opening for unreasonable ones among the working-class constituencies most affected by immigration.
This is precisely what has happened in France. Interviews with Le Pen voters tell this story over and over again. They bemoan the great “replacement” of not only workers but also customs, traditions, and lifestyles brought by waves of immigrants.
These resentments are perhaps more acute in France than elsewhere, a country where national identity precedes political and ideological orientations, and where assimilation is narrowly defined. But the same dynamic is playing itself out across Europe and America.
Le Pen will probably lose, but the problem will endure long past May 7.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */, or via Twitter @JonahNRO.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
National Review invited colleagues and friends of Kate O’Beirne, who died Sunday, to share some of their memories of her. (Send your own memories of Kate to [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.)
Kate’s wake is on Thursday and funeral Mass will be held on Friday at 1:30 in Virginia. Details here.
Hadley Arkes
Kate was in a limo with one of her liberal female counterparts on Capital Gang, when the woman suddenly railed on her: “Why do you know things like that?! Why do you have all of those figures?!” In the televised encounter, Kate had simply put a direct question: “Do you know what the budget of the U.S. is? Do you know what this government spends each year?” Her liberal colleagues could soar off into the clouds with visions of a government that could to remedy, without strain, the burning hurts and disappointments of private life. But of course, Kate could unsettle her liberal counterparts even more when the subject turned to abortion and she could roll off rather precise, jarring facts about the unborn child in the womb. She could also correct the glib untruths so readily retailed –e.g., that the right to abortion covered only the first trimester of the pregnancy, rather than offering the most sweeping right, extending to the full reach of the pregnancy — and even when the child came out, by accident, born alive. But “feminist fundamentalism,” she said, “holds that the battle of the sexes can’t be won unless women make war on the tiniest enemies of their independence.” That line had the ring of Kate’s sensibility, or her sense of irony, always engaged, and so she was quick to spot the “irony-impaired Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D., Calif.) [who] explained, ‘I have to march because my mother could not have an abortion.’”
Kate’s angle on life and politics came with the accent of Catholic girl, bred in New York, with a father owning a supper club in Manhattan. There was no need to cultivate “urbanity,” for she was a child of New York through and through, and she saw things with the eye of a family in the restaurant business: She saw things as they were. When Catholic New York elected a real senator of its own, Jim Buckley, Kate found just the right base for herself on that staff, along with friends and co-conspirators like Michael Uhlmann. From that vantage, she learned the ways of the Hill. She absorbed also the demanding sense of people who have to do their homework when they enter into the serious business of legislating. With Uhlmann she eventually made her way to the Reagan administration, and from there to a vice presidency at the Heritage Foundation. Her beat remained the Hill, and she moved in that terrain as a master. When John O’Sullivan invited her to take a leading role at NR, he knew that he was adding one of the savviest observers of the life of politics in Washington.
The news of Kate’s death carried a jolt. I had just been over for dinner a few months ago with Kate and her husband, Jim, and she seemed quite herself. But I hadn’t seen them at Mass for quite a while, and I began to wonder whether they had been on an extended vacation — or whether someone was ill. It was just like Kate, though, to keep her illness to herself, not because it rose to the level of a state secret, but precisely because she was reluctant to give it an outsized prominence in her story. That story was one woven with her husband, Jim, a combat veteran of Vietnam, who could hold his own in the world of books and public engagement on the issues of the day. No man could have been worthier to stand as the life-long husband of this worldly, smart gal, quick of mind. They had both found their centers of gravity in religion and politics. And nothing in the world that whirled about them, with its trendy slogans, would dislodge them. They were anchored in a moral world that would remain constant, with truths grounded in an enduring nature. Kate was so vibrant that it’s sad to imagine a world with her gone; and yet, that vibrancy is at the same time our ground of assurance that she will still be with us.
—Hadley Arkes is the Ney Professor of Jurisprudence Emeritus at Amherst College. He is also Founder and Director of the Washington-based James Wilson Institute on Natural Rights and the American Founding.
 
Raymond Arroyo
Kate deployed a wonderful preamble when we spoke that I now find revealing. She used it not only with me, but with many others.
During a conversation, she’d take a pause, stab a cigarette in the air, and announce, “As you know, Raymond . . . ” and then she’d go on to tell me something that I actually did not know. It was Kate’s gentle way of correcting and resetting an issue. She had a penetrating mind that could instantly grasp the deeper implications of events or issues that eluded most of us. But it was Kate’s concern for the good of the people she interacted with and society at large that was her life’s work. And she did it while allowing the less enlightened among us to preserve our dignity.
This is not to suggest that Kate was the Mother Teresa of Capitol Hill — perhaps she was the Mother Angelica. (In fact, she helped me title and edit both of my Mother Angelica biographies, offering critical notes and encouraging me to embrace her love of alliteration). Kate could be hilarious and cutting when necessary. She saw right through the over-inflated egos of D.C. and could puncture them with withering asides. At one of her last public events, Kate spied me across a packed room. Her height always gave her the advantage of seeing you before you saw her. In the middle of our conversation, a well-known pol rudely cut in to trumpet some bill he was pushing. As he walked away, Kate eyed him and muttered, “I’m glad he’s got taxes figured out. Now he’ll have time to work on civility.” One day she joined me as I chatted with a group about some Church officials. As I finished, she put her arm around me and said, “If you don’t have something nice to say…come sit next to me.”
Laughs aside, Kate was a devoted and sincere friend — one unafraid to share her Catholic faith. She was the godmother to Robert Novak, Judge Robert Bork, and Ramesh Ponnuru, but it could be argued that she was godmother to all of her friends. She took time to offer advice on everything from schools to career choices. Though as I reflect on our many lunches at the McLean Family Restaurant or at roving eateries in Rome, there was a constant in every conversation: her boys and her husband, Jim. She could not have been more proud of “Philip and John O’Beirne” whom she always referred to by their full names. I’ll never forget the tender moments I witnessed of those two sons by her death bed. Jackie Kennedy was right: We will finally be judged by the children we leave behind. Kate knew what she was leaving behind, which is why I think she clung to life for so many days in spite of her body’s rebellion.
In a place like D.C., it is rare to find people of grace who truly care for the souls nearest them. Kate O’Beirne was such a person. Regardless of party or politics, she was there when she was needed most, professionally or otherwise.
As you know Kate, we all loved you so. Rest in peace, my friend, and save a Prosecco for me.
—Raymond Arroyo is the New York Times Bestselling author of the Will Wilder series and host of The World Over on EWTN.
 
Fred Barnes
I didn’t know Kate when I first heard from her. She was working at the Heritage Foundation and I quickly concluded she was overqualified for whatever she was doing there. This must have when I was doing The McLaughlin Group TV show. All I recall from our first contact was being overpowered by her personality, her kindness, and that she knew more about what was going on in Washington than I did. And she was funny. I was flattered by her call. I wasn’t surprised when she turned up in bigger roles. National Review was one, but then there was Capital Gang on CNN. When Bob Novak started the show in the late 1980s, he brought her on board. She was instantly a dominant force. Kate was made for television. I loved watching her more than the men. She overpowered them too, even Bob Novak at times.
I heard often from my son-in-law Walton Liles about Kate too. He was a fellow at the National Review Institute in Washington in 2010-2011. It was run by Kate. He was amazed at the great speakers she got for the institute’s dinner. “The reason it worked was everyone liked her,” he told me. “Speakers would say yes to her.” The high-priced ones would come for free. “She was a great emcee at the dinners.” I can only imagine.
Kate loved Christ. I knew that before I was invited on a trip to Rome and the Vatican a few years ago with Kate in charge. I could feel her love of Christ. And that’s when I got to love her. We saw a lot of priests, ate with them, went to mass every day, and saw many cathedrals. Back at the Standard, my colleagues joked that I would come back a Catholic. I didn’t. But because of Kate, I may one day.
—Fred Barnes is executive editor of The Weekly Standard.
 
Kat Meskill Blomquist
Arriving in the wilds of Washington, D.C., straight from college, one could not have asked for a better first boss. As Kate took the helm of NR’s new Washington office, I was lucky enough to find myself as its new office manager. This role entailed answering the phones, begging Rich or Ramesh to replace the extremely heavy jug on the water dispenser, filling our office bathtub with bottles of beer for one of our cozy office parties in our space over Trover Books, and most importantly, working for Kate and having the chance to get to know her and observe her on a day-to-day basis.
I couldn’t get over how generous she was to me — someone with zero connections or political juice, which I soon learned was a measure of how much time one could expect from others in this town. Kate was the perfect role model personally and professionally. She was a conservative Irish-Catholic New Yorker who proudly followed her husband, Jim, in his Army career while still pursuing her own, just as I was poised to do. She was also a witty wise cracker — highly admired traits in my family. To see that one could possess these characteristics and still be a highly respected leader was a big relief because as a college student in the South, I learned just how hard it is to shake that New York edge.
Even as I have gone on in my career and found myself in more corporate environments where being irreverent and witty isn’t always welcome, I could always remember to stay to true to who I was because I knew Kate — someone I admired so greatly who was always unafraid to be who she was yet was still a giant success — most likely for that very reason. I often suspected that it was a rock-solid foundation of family, faith, and New York sensibility that made it so easy for Kate to be so unapologetically Kate. I think people were stunned and impressed to meet someone like her in Washington — someone who, frankly, just wasn’t a phony.
As the tides of political and professional fortunes ebbed and flowed for people, Kate was a strong, solid, honest rock for people to hold onto. Whether you were an intern or a U.S. senator, Kate would gladly join you in a conspiratorial conversation about the next move one might make to achieve a goal. Even if she didn’t have the specific guidance you wanted at that time, you’d leave any conversation with a funny but memorable and thought-provoking gem that you’d take with you forever.
They say that if you want a friend in Washington, get a dog. I would have always advised to skip the dog and just get to know Kate.
— Kat Meskill Blomquist is the director of corporate communications at Breakthru Beverage Group
 
Mary Ellen Bork
Besides being Bob’s inspiring godmother in 2003, Kate has been a constant friend, a sympathetic listener, an astute observer of all things political and legal, and one of the funniest people I have ever known. Once we were in a Laura Ashley fashion show to raise money for a local high school. We changed into several outfits, and at one point Kate exclaimed, “Look at me, I look like a shepherdess!” We could hardly continue to walk on stage we were laughing so hard.
She and I visited a couple of times with Dean Bernard Dobranski when he was in a wheelchair at Ave Maria School of Law in Naples, Florida. She had been on the board of the new law school, and Bob taught there for six years before it moved to Naples, Florida. While we were in Naples, Father Robert Sirico came to speak, and Bernie got us tickets. When Father Sirico heard Kate was coming he asked her to be the mistress of ceremonies. She took over with little notice, charmed the audience, and had everyone laughing.
Kate’s love of life, of the Church, and of the truth have indelibly marked our lives. We will always love her.
—Mary Ellen Bork is a freelance writer and lecturer on issues affecting Catholic life and culture.
 
Karlyn Bowman
James Buckley served in the U.S. Senate from 1971 to 1976. His staff was composed of a small band of young conservatives navigating their way through the halls of power in Washington, including Kate Walsh. It was a time before conservatism was cool, and more battles were lost than won. Kate was one of the young staffers serving the senator, and it was clear from day one that she would be a star in the conservative firmament, although it would come after marriage to her wonderful husband Jim and law school. Like Jim Buckley, Kate was a principled conservative with a generous spirit and heart. Her wit and wisdom were evident in those early days as they were throughout her life. It was impossible to have even a short conversation with her without laughing. She was such wonderful company whether discussing Vanity Fair or voters. She was an astute analyst of politics, and her column in NR was always worth reading. Family and faith were central to her, and we loved hearing stories of her boys and later the grandchildren. She was an original and we are all privileged to have known this exceptional woman. I feel especially grateful to have watched her achieve great success and to know she was the same person I met so many years ago in every important way.
—Karlyn Bowman is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.
 
Gerard V. Bradley
Kate Walsh O’Beirne passed away at about noon on Divine Mercy Sunday, at a time on the day when an Irish-American Monsignor would have been celebrating “High Mass” at the parishes of our youth. We were close in age, and both New Yorkers. Well, just about: I am the son of a Brooklyn cop and Kate grew up on “the Island”, which is what we called every burgh east of Queens and west of Piccadilly. (For the record, she was from Manhasset. Not that it makes much difference.)
Kate Walsh cut her political teeth working on James Buckley’s Conservative party bid for the Senate in 1970. He surprised most of us (though probably not Kate) by beating liberal Republican Charles Goodell and even more liberal Democrat Richard Ottinger. Jim became one of Kate’s best friends and, I dare say, warmest admirers.
Kate married her beloved Jim O’Beirne, and raised two fine sons — one of whom (Phil) it was my privilege to teach at the Notre Dame Law School. Her professional accomplishments were legion. It is enough now to observe, with the Psalmist, that Kate went “from strength to strength” throughout her long and productive career.
We met and got to know each well when we were in the neighborhood of 50 years old. But then and thereafter it was easy for me to see the Irish-Catholic “Island” girl in her. Her looks and manner of expression were hints. We shared many common memories of growing up in the same subculture, even if separated by some 20 miles, an urban/suburban divide, and one average household income level. Almost everyone crafting a recollection of Kate will remark that she was one “classy lady.” Indeed, she was. But Kate was also marvelously unpretentious, and sensible. She often struck me as the kind of girl I might have met at a high-school dance, just less impressed with herself than many and not neurotic at all.
Kate was of course devoted to the Church. Hers was a typically Irish, undemonstrative but nonetheless profound Catholic faith. And thoughtful; she was after all very smart, and well educated in Catholic schools. Kate moved in intellectual circles, clerical and otherwise, throughout her adult life. But Kate’s Catholicism was forever simple. It seemed to me to be the same intuitive, incorrigible conviction of the truth of the Gospels and trust in the promises of Christ that I remember seeing in so many moms and dads, cops and firemen, in my Brooklyn parish. It is that faith to which we all should aspire until, as the Psalmist wrote, “each [of us] appears before God in Zion.”
—Gerard V. Bradley is professor of law at the University of Notre Dame.
 
Margaret Carlson
Kate knew the secrets of life, big and small. She was a fiercely devoted friend; her only flaw, as far as I could tell, was that she had three beloved sisters and didn’t need another.
But I didn’t have any sisters and needed her. From the day she walked into CNN, she filled the role, teaching me the usual Washington things, like how to read an exit poll and shop online at Boden’s, but also that if I got brushed nickel bathroom fixtures, my house would sell faster and how great it was to have a warming drawer in the kitchen, and to ask Bob Novak who stuffed his shirts at one of our events.
She knew a lot about a lot. She once brought me a bottle of Prosecco and I said, somewhat ungratefully, that champagne gave me a terrible headache. Not to worry. This was made from different grapes in a special part of Italy. Drink up. We did.
Right again.
She wasn’t just wickedly smart and funny. Oh, she could love, Phillip and John, her three sisters, and the grandchildren that kept coming and coming. And Jim. How lovingly she described him bent over a dollhouse one Christmas, a very large man laboring over very tiny furniture for Charlotte. They had each other at hello.
I saw Kate every week for a decade and then didn’t see enough of her. When she left National Review and then the Young Guns, she said how wonderful it was to be with family without the press of outside deadlines. She didn’t miss any of it.
Ever wise and knowing: The life Kate should have lived, she did live.
Last year, Kate came over for dinner with two of our friends, to comfort me after my brother died. He went suddenly and after saying how rotten that was she assured me it was his time. God needed him right then, and called.
We are devastated. But God needed Kate right away and he called.
I will raise a glass of Prosecco and try not to cry.
—Margaret Carlson, a columnist with Bloomberg View, was Kate’s co-panelist on Capital Gang.
 
Shannen Coffin
Kate was my introduction to National Review and the world of political commentary generally. I met her at a Federalist Society reception sometime when I was working in the Bush Administration. I was charmed and star-struck at the same time. She had this way of making you feel at ease. A decade or more in the political punditry world at that time, she still showed a genuine interest in what you thought.
When I left government, I sent a piece I had written to her to see if she thought it interesting enough to publish. She told me that “I’ve never read anything like it!” (And meant it in a good way). And a few weeks later, Rich Lowry called when I was vacationing in Ireland, asking if he could print it. They even paid me for it. What a gig! I’ve written a lot since, mostly on NRO but for other publications as well. And it probably wouldn’t have happened without Kate.
You always knew when you struck a chord with Kate. Her face would light up in a wry grin and she’d point at you impishly. Whenever I was the beneficiary of a Kate “point,” I knew I’d said something smart. It didn’t happen that often in my case, but was always worth the price of admission.
Her greatest pride was her sons and grandchildren. She beamed when her son Phil, now a lawyer in D.C., joined the Army and later served in Afghanistan. When I later worked with Phil, I felt like I’d known him forever from his mom’s stories.
Kate O’Beirne was an American treasure and a dear friend. Fearless, with a heart of gold. My wife Casey, who saw Kate as a model for young women, and I will miss her deeply. My prayers for her husband Jim and her family.
Requiescat in pace.
—Shannen W. Coffin is a partner in Steptoe’s Washington office.
 
 
Representative Barbara Comstock
Our neighborhood, faith, and country lost a beautiful and beloved soul, Kate O’Beirne, at noon on Divine Mercy Sunday. Kate was peaceful, and surrounded in prayer by her husband of 42 years, Jim, and her beloved sons, Phil and John, and devoted sisters. We are devastated at her loss, but inspired by the witness of Kate’s life and so honored to keep vigil with her faithful and devoted family in her last days. Kate inspired her family and friends to the end, as she did in everything she did — with class, wit, and faith. Kate was a best friend, an inspired mentor for me and dozens of women, a wonderful wife, fiercely loving mother, and grandmother, and a brilliant writer and pundit. She was a godmother to so many conservative women and guided us on the personal, professional and spiritual fronts, always providing encouraging and spot-on advice, guidance, and even fashion tips and bargains she found. (“This would be perfect for you — great sale, your color — you have to get it!”) By her bedside was a card from a grandchild that read, “You made me a better person.” This was the case with anyone who was blessed with Kate’s friendship.
As people have heard the sad news, the immediate, universal response has been “I love her!” I met Kate in 1991, my first week working for my predecessor, Representative Frank Wolf. I immediately knew I had found a role model, a mentor, someone I wanted and needed for a lifelong friend. I was always so thrilled and honored that she obliged. In the over 25 years I knew her, I never met the person who didn’t. In 2013, we traveled to Rome together and were fortunate to have an audience with Pope Francis. Wherever we went in Vatican City, Kate knew a priest who walked by and of course, they all were fans. The angels are rejoicing that her suffering is over and she’s home. The hole in our lives can be somewhat filled by the legions of loved ones she leaves behind, but mostly by the example of her iconic, passionate personality and a life beautifully and faithfully lived.
—Barbara Comstock is a congresswoman from northern Virginia.
 
Ann Corkery
There are only two moments in life that truly matter: Now and at the hour of our death. Kate O’Beirne was truly prepared at the moments that matter. Kate had all the gifts and she was truly present at each moment sharing her gifts. She was tall, blonde, beautiful, kind, smart, quick, loyal, and thoughtful. Though she was a magnificent public presence, in private she was a great wife and mother, as anyone who knows her husband Jim or her sons Phil and John can attest. Her great love was domestic policy, but she was a shrewd political commentator in an ocean of pundits who added nothing to the public discourse. She treated the arguments of the Left with respect and tried to understand and distill them. Amazingly, she would share with her opponent their most winning points. She breezed into a room like a goddess, but she would notice the shyest, youngest, or most awkward person in the room and would bring her into the warmth of the circle.
We all adored Kate, but her humor and faith warmed me the most. Though she prepared thoroughly for every television appearance, she was so quick. Once we were touring Saint Peter’s and were at the balcony window where the newly elected pope steps out to greet the crowds, Kate peaked behind the sheer curtains to see Saint Peter’s Square below. The Monsignor pulled her back and she said, “Oh, I wanted the faithful to say, “Habemus Papa! We have our first blond Pope!”
However, Kate used her Catholic humor for more than laughter. She was instrumental in bringing many people into the Church. To one brilliant adult convert she said, “You are just too smart not to be a Catholic.” She was also the godmother of Robert Novak who converted later in life. At one awards dinner honoring him, she said, “I am Bob Novak’s godmother. Imagine how cute he was at his baptism.” Obviously, she delighted everyone who struggled to imagine the “Prince of darkness” in baptismal white.
We teasingly calling her “Kate the Great” which was her nickname in high school. She would say the reason she was popular in her all-girls high school was she was so tall and couldn’t steal the other girls’ boyfriends. So typical of Kate’s humility and humor. Kate’s book is entitled Women Who Make the World Worse. Kate was a woman who made the world far, far better. I can’t imagine now a world without her. Our consolation is she is going to welcome us one day to heaven. RIP
—Ann Corkery is a partner at Stein Mitchell Cipollone Beato & Missner LLP.
 
Robert Costa
I keep recalling that knowing glance she’d shoot me and her many friends. If you watched her on TV, you probably remember it, too. An eyebrow slightly raised and her lips curled into a tight smile she could barely suppress. That was Kate O’Beirne, in her way, calling out whatever spin-meister or politician was in front of her. Eventually, that throaty laugh — that “hah!” — would find its way out. Oh, how we’re going to miss that laugh.
Kate was a queen of old-school Washington, in the best sense. She was classy, fun, and up to speed on everything. She had deep convictions but recoiled at pretensions on both sides. She made everybody feel like they were in on the joke and part of the crowd, even if they were decades younger or only starting to understand the political game.
Thanks entirely to her, I was tapped to be the inaugural William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow at the National Review Institute. She took a chance on a 22-year-old guy she didn’t know, who was studying across the pond at Cambridge. She and I just clicked on the phone during the interview, which was the opposite of “corporate.” We laughed and dished.
While Kate’s presence during her heyday could be colossal — she didn’t call congressmen or senators, they called her — it’s worth remembering that she did have a quiet side. Working alongside her at NR’s office on Capitol Hill, I found her thoughtful and reflective and, at times, wistful. She’d talk about the pope as much as she did about John Boehner.
Tough and cheeky on television but spiritual and kind to those who knew her well. Private and discreet on most fronts, except about her Catholic faith. A Beltway insider, to be sure, but a flinty conservative outsider at heart.
Kate cared. She cared about a great many things. And that laugh lives on.
—Robert Costa, National Political Reporter, the Washington Post, Moderator, PBS’s Washington Week, Political Analyst, NBC News and MSNBC, and former Washington Editor of National Review.
 
Alvin Felzenberg
I am deeply saddened by the passing of my friend Kate O’Beirne.
She was truly one of the greats. And she will be sorely missed.
Kate was one of the first people I met when I moved to Washington 27 years ago. Kate was already a fixture in the world of Washington punditry. I had long enjoyed watching her spar with the best of them on Capitol Gang.
Although I cannot recall how we first met, I do recall remembering how much we were in sync on so many matters. I also discerned that I was talking not only to a delightful person with a remarkable sense of humor, but a walking institutional memory of the conservative movement and with a deep affection for all things Buckley. “Always remember,” she would like to say, “that there were ‘Buckley Democrats’ long before there were ‘Reagan Democrats.’” She did not have to explain. After all, that was how she started out. Like me, Kate was among Bill Buckley’s army of youthful admirers when he ran for mayor of New York.
Kate strongly identified with the “we” as it was used in what became James Buckley’s winning slogan in his successful Senatorial run in 1970: “Isn’t it time we had a Senator?” One of the many services James Buckley rendered this great nation was retaining Kate on his Washington staff. The rest, as they say, “is history.”
Over and over again, Kate proved the truth of the old adage that the best way to have friends is to be one. And she was among the best friends anyone could ever have. For me, she proved a steady source of advice, encouragement, and laughter.
It was no wonder so many in the conservative movement regarded her as our collective “den mother.” Nothing was too small to command her time and attention. And no problem was too large for her to declare it unsolvable. Kate would plunge right in, with verve, wit, and grace.
Like Bill Buckley, Kate had a special knack for putting out brushfires that occasionally broke out within the conservative movement. She was particularly apt in getting all sides to yield ground, especially when personal pride stood in people’s way. Also like Bill Buckley, Kate showed no tolerance for bigotry of any kind or intentional hurts or insults when they came from her side of the ideological fence. Having joined the conservative movement in its golden age, Kate took it as her professional calling to make it stronger than she found it. She succeeded miraculously.
I was proud to be her friend.
—Alvin S. Felzenberg is the author of A Man and His Presidents: The Political Odyssey of William F. Buckley, Jr.
 
Andrew Ferguson
I don’t know if Kate was taller than I am, but I always seemed to be looking up to her. She was physically imposing, I mean. Not just in her height, which she carried gracefully, almost casually, but in the sweep of blonde hair, the expressive hands, the laughing eyes, the throaty laugh. At a party she dominated the room without effort. Bill Kristol recalls that the wisest strategy at any Washington social affair was, first, to find Kate in the crowd and, second, to make your way over to her and join the crush of people who inevitably gathered around, because they were following the same strategy. Then you simply basked in the gossip (never malicious!) and the jokes, the pressing schemes and the breaking news that she, somehow, had heard before anyone else. Hanging out with Kate was the only way to be sure you would have a splendid time, no matter how dreary the occasion otherwise.
She was imposing in other ways: in her knowledge, her generosity, her gift for friendship, her faith in God, and her love for the communion of saints. Her light heart was never far below the surface. In conversation, she had a wonderful tic. She would make a wry remark about a personage or a recent event, and when you offered a remark of your own in agreement, she would lift her elegant hand and lower a long, sleek finger toward you. “Thank you,” she would say, gratefully, as though, finally, finally, she had at last found the one other sensible person in this insane, fallen world who understood the profoundest truths. My sister-in-law Mary was a big fan, and she got the treatment when she met Kate. “Thank you, Mary,” Kate said, finger lowered, when Mary concurred with some observation or another. It has become a byword in her and my brother’s family — just a tiny instance of the way Kate lives on.
There are much larger instances than this, of course, but it’s impossible to catalogue the pleasure she gave and the wisdom she showed to everyone who knew her. In tribute I can only lift my much-less-elegant hand and lower a knobby finger. Thank you, Kate, for everything.
—Andrew Ferguson is a senior editor at The Weekly Standard and is the author of Fools’ Names, Fools’ Faces (1996) and Land of Lincoln: Adventures in Abe’s America (2007). Ferguson’s most recent book, Crazy U: One Dad’s Crash Course on Getting His Kid into College, was published in 2010 by Simon and Schuster.
 
Michael G. Franc
We all have moments in our careers when someone suggests that we consider a new direction, often one that hadn’t occurred to us previously. For me, Kate O’Beirne was one of those people.
It was the aftermath of the 1992 elections. Bill Clinton was the president-elect and the Congress was in the secure embrace of an antsy and ambitious Democratic party. A dozen years of uninterrupted Republican control of the White House will do that when there are more Medicaid expansions, tax increases, stimulus bills, and federal education laws to be written, not to mention a transformational overhaul of our entire health-care system. Kate was the Heritage Foundation vice president in charge of congressional relations and had convinced her superiors that the election results offered a unique opportunity for conservatives to reboot and work with like-minded legislative entrepreneurs on the Hill. The conservative (mostly, but not exclusively, GOP) minorities in the House and Senate, she believed, would have to spearhead an alternative policy agenda to counter the coming Democratic legislative blitzkrieg.
Kate approached me about joining her team at Heritage. My time on the Hill had taught that think tanks can play a crucial role in the policymaking process. Kate instinctively understood that a vacuum existed. An excellent core group of conservative legislators had emerged along with their teams of highly competent policy and communications staff. But the right-of-center think tank community was not set up to provide them with the ideas, technical details, arguments, and data to create the necessary alternative policy agenda. Nor was it quick enough on its feet to offer them the credible critiques they craved to counter the steady stream of major liberal legislation when those critiques were needed most. It was an offer I couldn’t refuse.
Under her leadership, Heritage embarked on an aggressive approach to educate Hill staff on the basics and encourage backbench members to offer creative and well-designed bills to cut taxes, reduce spending, reform entitlements, and reform the health-care system. Many of these bills would evolve into major policy initiatives in the 1990s and beyond. Conservative leaders in both chambers took notice and the inside-outside alliances that would sustain the Contract with America were in place. Kate was instrumental in making this all happen.
She possessed an unfailing eye for talent, an instinct for when to embark on new initiatives (in 1992, for example, she advocated successfully for Heritage to offer its own policy-orientation program for newly elected members of Congress (something that paid enormous dividends two years later when the GOP seized control of both chambers of Congress and continues to this day), and one of the keenest radars for sound market-based policy ideas I have ever encountered.
As others in her orbit have observed, she possessed a remarkable love of and dedication to her family, her quick Irish wit was legendary and envied, and her Catholicism was unyielding and an inspiration to many, especially to those she encouraged to join the Catholic Church.
Kate O’Beirne, RIP.
—Michael G. Franc is the Hoover Institution’s director of D.C. programs.
 
Lucianne Goldberg
There was no one quite like her: smart, funny, irreverent, tall, stately, and totally lovely. What one remembers most when dwelling on our loss is her kindness. She had an uncanny way of sorting someone out, discovering what they needed and wanted, and finding a way to get it for them.
We have all been made better people for having Kate O’Beirne in our lives. For that she has our eternal gratitude and love.
—Lucianne Goldberg is publisher of Lucianne.com.
 
Chip Griffin
When you walked into Kate O’Beirne’s office at the Heritage Foundation, you knew she was different. Unlike most of her colleagues, her desk faced the window, with her back to the door. Her view was of the outside world.
That’s just how Kate was. Despite being a longtime Washington insider, she had a real sense of what the rest of America felt. She didn’t suffer Washington fools (and foolishness), but instead gave voice to conservative ideas in the pages of National Review, on TV, and in the halls of power.
Sitting in her office at the end of the week as she prepared for her appearances on CNN’s Capital Gang was an experience I will never forget. Despite being the young pup in the room, I had just as much standing with her as any of my older colleagues. She would often turn to me and say, “As you know . . . ” — and then tell me something I most certainly did not know.
On the handful of occasions when she used some line I had suggested, it was always a thrill to see it make it on the air. Far more often, though, I would borrow one of her quips or insights to use as my own to help me look wise beyond my years in meetings. I was hardly alone in finding inspiration in what she said to me.
Kate was one of a handful of mentors in my early years in Washington who helped me understand the power of words and the value of humility. In a town that often takes itself too seriously, she was quick with a laugh. She could be tough when needed, but she always delivered criticism constructively and demonstrated fierce loyalty to those who worked for her.
I often think back to a lunch we had several years after Kate and I had both moved on from Heritage to other opportunities. At the time, I was trying to figure out the next step in my career, and she was all too happy to help. She had a natural ability to identify an individual’s strengths and get them to focus on those.
As we ate and I told her about some opportunities that I had, her advice was direct: “You’re a good writer, so you need to write more.” To her, it was that simple. I’m not sure how well I have fulfilled that suggestion over the years, but I know that if she were here now, she would offer up a wry smile, a witty comment, and words of encouragement — just as she did for countless others who were lucky enough to have such conversations.
Many will miss her conservative voice, but I will forever be grateful for the friendship and mentorship she so generously gave to me during the past two decades.
Now I find myself saying one last time, “Thank you, Kate.”
—Chip Griffin is a principal at Harbor Light Writers Group.
 
Meghan Cox Gurdon
Like so many others who were lucky enough to know Kate O’Beirne, I loved her. Like those who have been eulogizing her, I find the same adjectives rushing to mind: Sharp, funny, tough, engaging, warm, generous.
I loved the way she’d cock her head, shoot out a pointing finger, and nod as if to say, “Am I right?”
I loved the way she made the people around her feel smart and valued and interesting.
I loved her unswerving commitment to the Catholic faith: “Thank God we have the Church,” she’d say.
I loved her skill with the conversational shiv, which was fast and accurate without hurting too much. At a party once, I said (like an idiot), “So, Kate, how are you getting along, writing your book?” This elicited a polite snort. “You know, Meghan,” she said, in that confidential way she had, “It turns out there’s a good reason no one’s ever supposed to ask that question.” Ouch! And rightly so!
I loved Kate’s energy. Even when she was sitting down, her foot would be tapping or her knee would be jogging as if she was compelled to live each moment with a little more intensity than other people.
Kate once told me that we wouldn’t be able to fix what’s wrong with American culture “until the Baby Boomers are cleared out.” Then she made a wry gesture towards herself: “Which is a shame, considering.”
I loved Kate, and, like everyone else who ever entered her charmed circle, this week I’ve been buffeted by gratitude and disbelief. How could Kate be gone? It seems impossible.
—Meghan Cox Gurdon is a writer in Washington.
 
Betsy Hart
Kate O’Beirne was magical.
If you were lucky enough to know her as a dear friend, not just a presence that lit up every room and every life she entered, you were blessed. And if Kate was your champion you were truly blessed indeed: As she would say with a twinkle in her eye, “The great thing about the Irish is they don’t just keep their own grudges, they keep their friends’ grudges too!”
I knew and loved Kate for 30 years, starting even before we worked at Heritage together in the late ‘80’s. I got to know and cherish her family and sisters along the way. She was my mentor and trusted guide, a role she played in so many lives. Among other wisdom, she shared with me that the most definitive statement of position on any issue could become ever so much more palatable with a simple “it just seems to me” inserted at the front of it. And that especially when it comes to husbands and sons, remember: Men need to be “socialized” — but never “feminized.”
She remained a north star for me until the end. Most recently she supplied me with expert guidance for a March trip to Italy: She advised in favor of arranged drivers and against “nutty cabs” in Rome, and told me exactly where to buy a certain line of beautiful resin jewelry in Florence.
But what I always appreciated most about Kate wasn’t her legendary wit, brilliant mind, and self-deprecating humor. Anyone who has met Kate has been enthralled by these things. No, it was that as she grew to dazzle the “elite” Washington scene at the height of her career — she wasn’t dazzled back. She wasn’t impressed by anyone’s status, and would happily eschew the most glittering of salons to instead be with good friends she simply valued and enjoyed. In fact, in true Kate fashion, she was just as happy to have a good excuse to avoid a salon.
Her love for and enjoyment of her family was a pleasure to witness. As she chose in her later years to focus more on her loved ones and grandchildren and less on preparing for Meet the Press sparring matches, it made sense to anyone who knew her. She never needed the fame, she always needed and cherished her family.
Whenever you were with Kate it wasn’t enough. Every coffee, lunch, dinner, or outing ended too soon. So in true Kate fashion, she once again left us wanting more. Of course, one of the many beautiful things about Kate is that this would be just as true if she’d lived to be 110.
Kate O’Beirne enriched so many lives. I will be forever grateful that mine is one of them.
—Betsy Hart is a senior development writer with the Heritage Foundation.
 
Mary Hasson
Kate O’Beirne was like a warm fire, crackling with humor and wit, in the center of the room. Her light and energy radiated outward, seamlessly connecting everyone within range. At noon on Divine Mercy Sunday, the Lord took her home. But while her fire has flickered out here on earth, I expect she’s lighting up the communion of saints in much the same way.
I knew of Kate before I knew her. I admired her clear thinking, her crisp writing, and her tell-it-like-it-is political analysis. But, perhaps unlike most people in Washington, D.C., I got to know Kate first in a “mom-to-mom” context. Our sons became close friends in high school and later, with a group of great guys, shared a house after college. During those years, even as Kate was taking on liberal commentators on CNN’s Capital Gang and crafting conservative messages as National Review’s Washington editor, our conversations — on soccer sidelines, at school events, and in D.C. social gatherings — centered mostly on the people she loved so dearly, her husband and sons, and then later her daughter-in-law and grandchildren. She was a feisty political player, but even more, she was a woman who fiercely loved her God, her family, and the Church.
As the years passed, our work overlapped in shared zeal for the Church and concern for the culture. Kate’s wisdom and experience were deep; three attributes in particular stand out. First, she was a talent-spotter. Not just in the usual way of recognizing and nurturing a fresh young writer, for example, or a young conservative eager to change the world, but in a richer sense: She unfailingly looked for and encouraged the specific gifts of the people before her, whether a mom at home raising great kids, a priest ministering to the spiritual needs of many, or the law enforcement or military person steadfastly doing his duty. Second, she was a champion promoter — of others. In a city too often characterized by the twin sisters of ambition and envy, Kate was the exception. She promoted others’ good works as they were her own, boasting of their achievements and taking delight in bringing good people together. Her life was a happy witness to her belief that by connecting good people, even more good would happen. Third, she was straightforward, unflinchingly so, on matters of faith. What “everyone” thinks matters very little, if we don’t get things right with God. Kate had the confidence of one who knows that the only audience that really matters is an audience of One.
Farewell, Kate, and Godspeed.
—Mary Rice Hasson is a fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and editor of Promise and Challenge: Catholic Women Reflect on Feminism, Complementarity, and the Church.
 
Charlotte Hays
With the death of Kate O’Beirne on Sunday, which hit with the force of a terrible nightmare, the conservative movement has suffered a precipitous decline in its wit quotient. Kate’s was an outrageously quick wit, so often leaving one thinking — dammit, I wish I’d said that. Kate probably knew that and she was always the first to throw a struggling conversationalist a lifeline — but nobody could be as funny as Kate.
My first “dammit, I wish I’d said that” moment with Kate came the first time I ever talked to her. Elian Gonzales had just been sent back to Cuba by the Clinton administration. “I often thought how different it might have been if [Elian’s] extended family in Miami had been composed of two lesbians, who were taking care of Elian,” Kate mused in an interview for the Independent Women’s Forum’s old Women’s Quarterly. “And I bet Juan Miguel smokes. Do they appreciate that Janet Reno was sending Elian back to a father who smokes?”
In the same interview, Kate, a military wife, put her finger on the overlooked reason as to why women on the front lines in combat might not be such a good idea. “The most powerful argument against women in combat,” Kate said, “is not the relative physical strength. It’s that decent men protect women in the face of a physical threat.” Kate said that, if women were going to be sent into the thick of battle as combatants, mothers would have to raise their sons to hit girls.
Not one for sanctimony, Kate also admitted that she liked negative advertising. But don’t people always tell pollsters they hate it? “Well, of course, they’re supposed to say that,” Kate responded. Kate never soft pedaled her criticism of the ills visited upon society by the feminist movement. In fact, Kate entitled her book on feminist leaders Women Who Make the World Worse. No hemming and hawing there!
From an Irish-Catholic family and educated by nuns, Kate was a devout Catholic, unselfconscious in her devotion. She was witty even when discussing her faith and full of all sorts of tidbits (western women don’t join Mother Teresa’s order because the deprivation is just too great). Thus I consider it a particular generosity that Kate invited me to join her, Ann Corkery and others to become, as we dubbed ourselves, “Tiber Sisters.” In other words, we went to Rome! Kate is forever associated in my mind with the Eternal City. Two cherished memories: drinking copious wine with the Tiber Sisters and Monsignor Christopher Nalty on a balcony from which one could almost touch the saints on the Vatican colonnades, and Kate’s joking, when another charming monsignor led us all the way up to the loggia balcony from which popes bless the world and the city, that she’d step out on the balcony, except that the world wasn’t ready for a tall blonde pope. I wonder if Saint Peter already has made Kate editor of a magazine and she is using it to create more laughter in a new venue. But she will be sorely missed down here.
—Charlotte Hays director of cultural programs and senior editor at the Independent Women’s Forum. Most recently, she is the author of When Did White Trash Become the New Normal?
 
Susan Hirschmann
I met Kate when I moved here as a twentysomething girl from Alabama and was running Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum Washington, D.C., office. Like so many, I viewed Kate as larger than life and hung onto her every word. She was then and has continued to be my mentor, and over the years, I am happy to say, my friend. We all wanted to be like Kate . . . think like her, speak like her (with a southern accent of course), dress like her, cook like her, mother like her, and be a friend like her. While I want to express my gratitude for that friendship, putting my thoughts into writing has never been my strong suit, and if I were doing this for anyone else, I would draft my inarticulate but heartfelt thoughts and send them to Kate to “please look over.” They would come back from her with a “few tweaks” which of course really meant completely rewritten to transform my clumsy words into something witty and articulate.
Kate was an uber girlfriend. Dinner at Kate’s house was always a treat that went into wee hours where she dished out beautifully prepared and presented food and drink, as well as fun and many laughs. As a wife, mother, grandmother, and sister, all of Kate’s friends benefited from her family’s wisdom told to us by Kate and were amused by the cute things Charlotte or Henry said. There was no more loyal friend than Kate O’Beirne. I remember sitting in the Capital Hill club with her and a group of girlfriends one night when a male member of Congress who had been a jerk to me walked in. Kate said to us all, “Remind me why we don’t like him.” She had disdain for the kind of woman who liked to be the only one in a room full of men in the mistaken belief that her status would be boosted by being so singular. Kate pointed out that that kind of woman’s unwillingness to share responsibilities and credit with other women was evidence of real insecurity. She always reminded us that women don’t need (or want) the kind of preferences that mark us as not able to compete fairly with men, and that promoting women who are not qualified for a job is the worst kind of soft bigotry of low expectations. Kate never stopped helping her girlfriends. There are so many of us that she brought together because she understood the value of smart women helping each other and because she loved sharing her friends. Kate, I know you will edit this from Heaven and understand the love and gratitude I am trying to express. RIP
—Susan B. Hirschmann is CEO of Williams & Jensen.
 
 
Mildred Webber Holmes
Kate O’Beirne epitomized the qualities we cherish in a leader and friend. She was smart, driven, a woman of conservative conviction, and helpful to those younger in advancing their career. In fact, Kate would literally do anything for you, offer funny and witty insights in serious moments, and remained a great friend through the ups and downs of Washington politics and intrigue. She was loyal to her friends and respectful of those who disagreed with her.
Kate had a career that most people can only dream about. She impacted the country in every position she held, working in the White House, advocating conservative policy at a premiere and important think tank, and writing and communicating ideas during her years at National Review. It is hard to find another person who has made such a significant and meaningful impact on both preserving and advancing American exceptionalism. She loved America with its promise of freedom and liberty, and we are better for it.
Most people know Kate for her many television appearances, her writings in National Review, and her public persona. I knew her as a friend always caring about others more than herself. She was a woman who loved her husband and her family more than her career. And a loyal woman that always had time for a friend in need. Gone too soon.
—Mildred Webber Holmes Consultant for the House Republican Conference and the NRCC
 
Father Roger Landry
Kate O’Beirne was the wittiest woman I have ever known and one of the wisest. I had the honor to be invited for dinner to her home, but the times I will most remember were together with her on several pilgrimages for journalists in Rome. At meals, she had an extraordinary way of setting the mood with her humor. In meetings with Vatican officials, she would ask tough questions when they needed to be asked, but without offense. On visits to sacred sites, her interjections would always clue me in on when I might be overloading on details. In the late-night sessions on the balcony, she would masterly hold court in such a way that you just didn’t want to leave, no matter how tired you were, and no matter how much you couldn’t stand the cigarette smoke wafting from between her fingers. When she talked politics, she brought an experience and an incisive analysis that would make you grateful you had ears and feel privileged you were able to be in the presence of such an unpretentious master. And when she attended Mass, I was regularly moved by how humble, attentive and reverent Kate the Great would become. During our journeys, I would often remind the pilgrims that the point of a pilgrimage was to help us on the pilgrimage of life, not to the misnamed eternal city, but to the eternal Jerusalem. I am filled with hope that that’s where she now is, waiting for the rest of us to catch up.
— Father Roger J. Landry, Diocese of Fall River (MA), National Chaplain, Catholic Voices USA.
 
Leonard Leo
Kate O’Beirne was about as fierce a defender of virtue that you will ever see. She understood the corrupting influences that lurk about our nation’s capital and never hesitated to warn about them. She would “name and shame” the enablers of that poisonous environment with piercing wit, but would, as well, offer clear alternative paths for those in power in an effort to bolster good political leadership. Her attention to broader cultural issues — women’s issues, the family, political correctness — was refreshingly candid, often delightfully satirical, and, at the same time, always most instructive. She has been an inspiration to many a young conservative leader. All of this, though, never caused her to be self-righteous, self-promoting, or self-absorbed. She was humble, and often used her pen and her voice to bolster others. If you saw Kate O’Beirne at the center of a serious discussion or an entertaining dinner party, it was to make others think, or laugh, or be noticed, and, not, to draw attention to herself. So I suppose it should come as no surprise that Kate chose to pass from this world with only the closest of family and friends knowing about her battle with cancer, for it probably would have pained her more than the disease itself to be the subject of more attention, sympathy, and concern. Even more than her ideas, may we learn from Kate O’Beirne the importance of a living a life of humble service to that which is right and just.
—Leonard Leo serves as executive vice president of the Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies and chairman of the Commission on International Religious Freedom.
 
Barbara Ledeen
Kate O’Beirne was not only a great battle buddy in the political world, she was a great friend. It is an old saw that Harry S. Truman famously said “if you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.” Too bad for ol’ Harry he didn’t know Kate Walsh O’Beirne because if she were his friend, he would have known what a friend is.
Here is one example out of hundreds I could give.
Kate and I shared a beautiful friendship with another woman who was dear to us both. The unnamed woman was about to send her dearly beloved last child off to college in Pennsylvania and was tearful about the prospective rite of passage.
So, ever ready to do something to help a pal, Kate and I arranged to meet our friend right after she dropped off her son and the three of us had a very merry ladies’ weekend visiting beautiful blooming gardens in Pennsylvania and Delaware, and stopping at a Downton Abbey costume exhibition. Nary a tear was shed.
Kate’s fine mixture of wit and perspective, her fierce faith in what she believed, her ability to take the measure of another person in about 30 seconds, her pure love for her family, friends, and country endeared her to me. But what made me love her was that she knew and shared what a friend is — how rare that is.
May her memory be a blessing to all who knew her.
—Barbara Ledeen is a longtime policy adviser.
 
Michael Ledeen
Kate was the daughter of a man who ran a bar in Manhattan, and she was impossible to gull. She knew just how rotten people could be, and she saw the consequences with a clarity that most of us lack. That made her a real rarity in American journalism, someone whose antennae were always in sync with the world as it is, not as the professors claim. She had an uncanny knack for going to the heart of complicated issues, because her understanding of human nature was so solid.
Nonetheless, she was neither a pessimist nor a whiner, but a quick-witted and often hilarious fighter for the side of the angels. Her family reflected all this, and you will look far and wide before you find their equals. Those of us fortunate enough to have been her friends will often sing her praises, and wish we could be at her dinner table, laughing and enjoying her. Her memory is indeed a blessing.
—Michael Ledeen is Freedom Scholar at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.
 
Elizabeth Lev
Certain reoccurring events bring special joy to Romans, whether the annual opening of the convent of Saint Francis of Rome, or private palazzi welcoming the first visitors in the spring. Kate O’Beirne’s annual Roman visits were one of those appearances that brightened the Eternal City. Her lanky figure, sauntering out in the Rome sunshine, rose above the vast crowds of tourists, pilgrims and citizens, like an angular Bernini statue. Despite her many, many visits to Rome, she never felt that she had “done” this or that and was always willing to re-visit old favorites, ever ready to look at the old sites with new eyes and to absorb ancient lessons with fresh ideas, or to inquire after hitherto unexplored hidden treasures. She had an insatiable appetite for the beauty, history and people of Rome, and her interest, her pointed questions and her astonishing memory of the things said years before kept me on my toes.
Kate was a close observer of the parallels between the ancient Roman culture and the modern world and many of her insights have become part of my tours and stories today. She loved the beauty of the Roman churches and never seemed to tire of Saint Mary Major or Saint John Lateran and the endless ways that faith and beauty intertwine. As I was working on a walk to celebrate fabulous women in Rome many years ago, Kate was one of the first test runs; taking an amazing woman around to talk about Rome’s great women inspired much of my future work in the field.
My favorite memory of Kate happened a very long time ago in Saint Peter’s Basilica, when I got into an altercation with one of the custodians. I was torn between finishing my tour with Kate and wanting to stand up to what had been a clear injustice. Kate sent me along to fight my battle and waited patiently for me to return. Hearing of my victorious encounter, she looked at me in that wonderful way of hers, and said “he was probably just looking for a date.” Classic Kate. She became part of the Eternal City, and where memories remain forever, we will miss her.
—Elizabeth Lev is an art historian in Rome.
 
Yuval Levin
I first encountered Kate O’Beirne on television, as a teen-aged political junky watching CNN in the ‘90s, and I thought that she must be an awfully intimidating presence in person. She was sharp, quick, and had no patience for BS.
But when I met Kate, and got to know her a bit, I realized that in person she was even more impressive precisely because she wasn’t intimidating.
She was one of the most persuasive people I’ve ever encountered because she would argue by putting you in her shoes as she became persuaded of something. She almost used humility as a weapon. She would engage in conversation by describing herself as just an observer who happened on the scene but was sure impressed with some of what she was hearing — just not all. After a few minutes of selective extravagant praise for some idea (and especially for the person delivering it) mixed very carefully with just a touch of keen, biting criticism for any alternatives, you found yourself utterly convinced she was right without ever really noticing that she had a strong opinion to begin with.
But that self-effacing way of engaging the world wasn’t for show. This was always what struck me most about Kate in person: It wasn’t about her. She didn’t stand in her own way, always blocking her view. She was focused outward in a way that’s all too rare, and this made her not only a supremely decent person but also an extremely good judge of situations and especially of people. She saw right through people, always ready with a short, witty, instant character profile — and not only of politicians. She had my kids’ personalities figured out the minute she met them.
Kate knew that everyone was only human, and so needed to be deflated when they got too puffed up (and boy was she good at that), but also lifted up when they fell too low. She had a keen sense of justice, a deep instinct for loyalty to her friends, and a joyous sense of humor, all rooted in her abiding Catholic faith.
I was lucky to know her. We were lucky to have her. But that only makes it harder to say goodbye. RIP.
—Yuval Levin is editor of National Affairs.
 
Kathryn Jean Lopez
This is a day I selfishly hoped would be far away.
And yet . . . Kate O’Beirne really believed those things we say we Catholics say we believe about God and faith and mercy and eternal life — it’s why she loved the Church and its teachings and its priests. She always drew people into her faith by her joy and she did it until the end, imitating in redemptive suffering Pope John Paul II on the anniversary of his own death, the Saturday after Easter, fading into Divine Mercy Sunday, drawing us deeper into the faith that believes Jesus Christ really won victory over death. It was very much like Kate to give us a fuller, deeper experience.
Some hospital rooms radiate grace and peace and hers did. In the shedding of tears and sharing of stories and coming together at a time like this there are so many graces.
Kate wasn’t just a colleague and friend, she became a part of everything, she made you a part of everything good. She made you better and want to be better. And evermore. She brought so many people to God — godmother to Judge Bork and Bob Novak, and our own beloved Ramesh Ponnuru, to name a few.
I can’t express my love for Kate adequately but I can pray . . . and what a grace she died on a day resplendent with prayer.
Countless numbers of people were touched by her respect and love and wisdom. Life will never be the same on earth without her friendship, but thanks be to God for her while we had her. When she loved you she opened Heaven up a little bit more in your life . . . I pray Heaven has opened for her. But good daughter of the Church she was, she would want very many Masses said for her so every Catholic who loved her had better not assume! If you read her, watched her, or were blessed by her in any ways, pray for the repose of her soul. She would have insisted on this.
—Kathryn Jean Lopez is senior fellow at the National Review Institute and editor-at-large of National Review. She first met Kate as a student at the Catholic University of America interning at the Heritage Foundation, where Kate was vice president of Government Relations.
 
Kate Dwyer Matus
I worked for Kate from 1998-2000 at National Review’s Washington office and remember with gratitude how much fun it was and how she looked for opportunities to help those around her.
One example that touched me directly was when she suggested that I travel to the Vatican as a volunteer for the Great Jubilee of 2000 through a program organized by the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops. It was typical of Kate that she encouraged me to do this — to make the trip to Rome for the first time in my life and take this chance to deepen my Catholic faith. Thanks to her, I found myself ringing in the year 2000 with hospitable Italians, witnessing the opening of the Holy Door at Saint Peter’s, and taking in the timeless landscape near the catacombs where I was stationed with other volunteers for a few days.
Faith, family, and friends were of paramount importance to Kate. She clearly enjoyed her work, particularly the lively exchange of ideas at which she excelled, but it never consumed her. Work-life balance? She had that covered. If she had an ego at all, I never saw her indulge it.
For all the grief she gave left-wing feminists, she was perhaps the ultimate true feminist role model: a strong, poised, whip-smart lady who did not shy away from expressing “inconvenient” truths. We are blessed to have known her.
—Kate Dwyer Matus lives in Washington, D.C.
 
Andrew C. McCarthy
About 10 years ago, I was in Washington at a National Review Institute dinner for young conservatives. A very prominent Capitol Hill Republican entered the restaurant and came by to give a few “impromptu” remarks — nothing ever really seemed impromptu when a pol when out of his way to show up at something Kate O’Beirne was hosting.
Ingratiating himself with the friendly audience, he began by reporting, “I was a Kate O’Beirne fan before it was cool.”
“Thanks,” Kate the Great quipped, “but it was always cool.”
It was always cool.
Kate was one of the smartest, keenest, brashest, kindest people I have had the privilege to know. And the fact that she was all those things and a proud, wear-it-on-her-sleeve conservative, gave the people in her orbit an adrenaline-blast of confidence that we were on the right side and that it was fun to be on the right side.
I had been reading National Review for decades — in college, as a government lawyer in New York — before I began writing for NR, so I was already in awe of Kate before I met her. When that happened, I found that in addition to being everything I knew she was — one of the best-informed, best-connected, clearest-thinking political analysts in Washington — she also turned out to be one of the most gracious, down-to-earth people I’d ever know.
She treated me as if I were the celebrity (Kate had a way of making her friends feel that way). She embraced me, invited me to sit with her wonderful, hilarious family at events, introduced me to people who figured I must be okay if I was with Kate, and as much as anyone made me see what it was like to be a happy warrior in a good cause. To be around Kate and Jim, the Irish-American embodiment of tough-as-nails charm, was to witness a devout, loving couple live their faith with conviction and ease. I am ever grateful for their example and friendship, which included opening their home for a party to celebrate the publication of my first book.
Kate was one of a kind. She can never be replaced, but we are so much the better because of her. Requiescat in pace.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
 
Editor’s Note: U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., KY) made the following remarks today on the Senate floor mourning O’Beirne’s passing:
Over the weekend we lost one of conservatism’s most insightful journalists with the passing of Kate O’Beirne.
Kate was long a leading voice for conservative principles, and she served as a mentor to so many along the way.
In a town full of class presidents and big shots, Kate never hesitated to help someone who was new to Washington or down on their luck.
She was fiercely devoted to her country, to her faith, and to her family — including her husband Jim, her two sons Phil and John, her sisters, and her grandchildren. And beyond her immediate family, Kate helped foster a family at National Review with her wit, warmth, and compassion.
As her family, friends, and many others across the nation mourn her loss today, we wish them comfort in this trying time.
As anyone who knew Kate can attest, her impact will not soon be forgotten.
 
Ashley McGuire
When I think of iconic conservative women, I think of Kate O’Beirne. Tall and glamorous with an unmatched wit, Kate was also incredibly kind. I will never forget seeing her the day after I did primetime television for the first time, speaking out against the Obama administration’s HHS mandate. When Kate saw me across the room, she pointed a polished finger at me and said sternly, “You!” She then pulled me in laughing for a hug and told me she couldn’t have been more proud.
Kate selflessly helped to build up a generation of young conservative women; she was kind enough to endorse the back of my book when blurbs were hard to come by from busy pundits. Though her death comes as a shock, she most certainly won’t be forgotten. Rather, an entire generation of women she influenced will press on, thanks to her, unafraid to be conservative and proud to bring our femininity to the fight.
—Ashley McGuire is a senior fellow with The Catholic Association and the author of Sex Scandal: The Drive to Abolish Male and Female.
 
William McGurn
Kate O’Beirne was a bad influence on me. Which is why I loved her.
Others have written about how infectious Kate’s laughter was. And it got me through many a tedious dinner, not to mention four hours of baking in an unforgiving Roman sun on the steps of Saint Peter’s waiting for then-pope Benedict to appear. It was always fun, but fun in the way my grade for conduct in 8th grade plummeted from A to D after I was seated next to a more convivial classmate.
Most Americans will remember her for her appearances on Capital Gang — and rightly so. She was the spark, principled but resolutely gracious. What I remember is that during my time in the White House, she and her husband opened their home to me, my wife, Julie and our three daughters. Most of the time this involved a swim in their pool (which Jim informed me he never went in) followed by steaks cooked up on the O’Beirne grill. ​In addition, my wife and I have a special reminder of Kate: Earlier this week we celebrated​ ​our 24th wedding anniversary, with my wife wearing the engagement ring I was able to ​afford only because Kate had given me a commission from​ the Heritage Foundation for a project.
And she was a mother. The focus on her accomplishments might blind people to this side of her. Both of her boys went into service: Phil in the United States Army, John as a police officer. When people say there are no good men around today, they should take a look at the boys Kate and Jim raised. And when you were around her, you always left feeling a little more grateful for your blessings than when you got there. That was her way.
A witty and persuasive voice for conservative principles; a wife, mother, and grandmother who relished each of these roles; and a fellow sinner who always recognized that the most important life is the life to come. All in all, not a bad ticket to carry into eternity. God bless, my friend.
—William McGurn is a member of the Wall Street Journal editorial board.
 
C.C. Pecknold
From the moment I met her a few years ago, Kate O’Beirne blew me away. As others have noted, she pulled people out of corners. I didn’t know her as well as I would’ve liked, and yet felt she would’ve done anything for me. Like a mother, she spent an hour on the phone with me once to talk about our son’s school. Last spring, at a party to promote the launch of Mary Eberstadt’s last book, she walked me around her home introducing me to everyone as if I were a guest of honor. She joked that she was introducing me to “The Remnant.” There was always truth in her jokes. She was funny. She had an enormous personality, and yet was constantly putting others before herself. She never talked about her achievements or struggles. She wanted to know how she could help you achieve, and alleviate any disadvantage. I only recently learned that she was a regular on CNN’s Capital Gang, and I only recently learned that she was carrying within her a great battle against lung cancer. Kate made you feel you were more important. She reminded me of my own beautiful, tough-as-nails Catholic grandmother who could, like the mother of Jesus, make sure that the best wine was being served at the party, as well as suffer silently with Christ on his Cross, all the while constantly interceding for her son’s friends. Saint Thomas Aquinas writes about a grandmother who never talks about the faith, but knows it in her bones, by going to mass, by works of mercy, by praying the rosary. Without ever reading Saint Augustine or the Councils or papal teaching, Saint Thomas comments that “under an aspect” she knows more than the theologians. She knows what the saints know. I am certain that God was confirming for us all, by taking her on Divine Mercy Sunday, that she is well and truly a saint who will continue to intercede for her friends. May God’s perpetual light, which she reflected to us in this life, shine upon her in eternal happiness and joy.
—C.C. Pecknold is a theology professor at The Catholic University of America.
 
Dana Perino
I knew Kate’s writing and work on Capital Gang well before I ever met her. She helped shape my point of view just when I needed it most. I never thought I’d ever have the chance to meet her let alone call her a friend. But life gives you unexpected gifts like that. Beyond her brilliant mind, logical argumentation, and beautiful writing, Kate O’Beirne was a natural mentor, especially to young conservative women who were trying to figure out if you could actually be a conservative and a woman and make it in D.C. She didn’t wait for us to come to her to ask for guidance; rather, she sought us out. In a meeting with President Bush for conservative writers, she would make it clear with a little comment and a wink that she totally got where you were coming from or what you were thinking. I learned from her that succeeding in Washington didn’t mean having to live on the cocktail circuit, and that being myself was smart and safe. She celebrated the success of others, constantly leading and, in some ways, mothering those of us who looked to her for guidance. I’ve always wanted to be more like Kate, a woman of exceptional character, intellect, and love. Rest in peace, Kate O’Beirne, rest in peace.
—Dana Perino is former White House press secretary for President George W. Bush and co-host of The Five.
 
April Ponnuru
Everyone knew Kate. She was famous, of course, in the way that people can only dream of being in Washington. There wasn’t anyone who wouldn’t take her call or do her a favor. Instantly recognizable at nearly six feet tall, blonde, and dressed to the nines, she was one of the most attractive women I ever knew. Her personality was magnetic: a lively voice, quick wit, and razor-sharp intellect. But it was her kindness and genuine interest in people that set her apart in a self-serving town.
For nearly 17 years, Kate was my closest friend and constant companion. She played a role in securing every job I ever had, including several wonderful years working directly for her. We rarely went a day without communicating: She was my sounding board and confidant. My young daughters knew that when Mrs. O’Beirne called, they had at least an hour of unsupervised playtime. We laughed a lot, too. Kate was one of the funniest people in Washington, and she never took herself too seriously (we found it hysterical when we graced the centerfold of The New York Times Magazine in a rather ridiculous photo a few years ago, the only time we would be able to call ourselves centerfolds!). Like any doting mother, she shared recipes and sent me links to clothes and jewelry I had to buy and books I had to read. We traveled together — on many, many National Review cruises, and separately to Rome. We threw parties together. We cooed over photos of my girls and her grandkids (ever private but always nosy, she would log into Facebook under my account for years). She gave me invaluable parenting advice, and encouraged me as a mother at my lowest points.
Much will be written about Kate’s generosity — she was always eager to help or give someone else the credit. She had a special love for priests, and they were often guests in her home or, tight on funds, sent to Rome on her dime (“He gave his life for the Church, the least I can do is get him to Rome! I made sure he had some money for cappuccinos, too, because no one should be moping around Rome and not be able to stop for a cappuccino.”) She had the gift of friendship, and she gave freely of her time to encourage us. But more than that, she engendered a spirit of love and camaraderie among all her girlfriends (“April, how much do we love Barbara?”). Any woman who reads this tribute will know just how unusual that is. And she truly believed in all of us. She thought we should be running everything, no matter what it was. Even with all of her accomplishments, she always made us feel better about ourselves. Lord knows how many risks I took because Kate believed in me. And she taught me, in that Irish way of hers, that you always do right by people, that you always go to the funeral.
I am grieving the loss of my dearest friend. But I thank God for the perfect gift of my precious Kate, and recall with gratitude and humility how blessed I am that she chose to love me.
Rest in peace.
—April Ponnuru is a senior advisor at the Conservative Reform Network. This entry is an excerpt from a longer tribute at the Washington Examiner.
 
Kirsten Powers
Kate was charismatic, hilarious, beautiful, regal, and brilliant. But more importantly, she was kind and thoughtful beyond measure. A few years ago, we were in Rome and our group was scheduled to tour the Scavi, a labyrinth of cave-like rooms under the Vatican. As a life-long claustrophobic, I knew this tour was out of the question for me. Kate confided that she too was claustrophobic but hadn’t had any problems with the Scavi tour. To prove how little there was to worry about, she offered to come with me.
As it turns out, Kate was lying about the Scavi not being claustrophobia inducing. As soon as we entered, by heart was in my throat and I was on the verge of hyperventilating. But Kate stayed near my side cracking jokes and calming me as I made it through an hour-long life-altering tour that set me on a path toward Catholicism. I told this story to a mutual friend earlier this week and she marveled at it because, she said, Kate was indeed incredibly claustrophobic.
This was the kind of person Kate was: always thinking of other people even if it meant facing down a fear of her own.
Kate was also famously quick with a one liner or funny story. A few weeks before I joined the Catholic Church, Kate quipped to a fellow cradle-Catholic we were dining with, “The best part of this is that Kirsten is an evangelical, so she will be a Catholic who actually knows what the Bible says.” Kate loved to rib the Catholics, remembering how the nuns at her high school used to warn the girls not to walk home alone at night, because, “you could be murdered – or worse.”
She joked because she loved. The Catholic Church was a guiding light in her life. Kate’s deep and profound devotion to God was normally understated but now and then it would pull me up short. I remember a dinner at her house where after keeping us all in stitches with her Washington stories, she suddenly leaned in intently and asked me, “How did you come to know Our Lord?” These are not the deep questions one usually gets at Washington dinner parties.
One evening over drinks, Kate divulged to our group that her nickname in high school was “Kate the Great.” It may have been possible, she added, that she was in fact the one who coined the phrase. Either way, it stuck. But Kate wasn’t just great. She was the greatest. Knowing her will go down as one of the most wonderful blessings of my life.
RIP Kate the Great.
—Kirsten Powers is the author of The Silencing: How the Left is Killing Free Speech and a CNN analyst.
 
Patrick Reilly
There are influential people — plenty of them in Washington, D.C. — who influence policy, programs, and even nations.
Then there are people who truly influence people, who are so meaningful to another’s life that the private relationship seems more important than any public accomplishment.
Kate O’Beirne was both. She was a huge success in advancing conservative ideas, and she was personally influential with those around her. I am blessed to have been profoundly affected by Kate the person and not just the public actor. For me, Kate will forever be remembered for her generosity, wisdom, guidance, confidence, drive, and good-heartedness.
In a word, what I honor most in Kate is her humanity. She’s the kind of person I want to be. It is in her role as model and mentor that I think she will be remembered by so many others, too. Upon her death, I heard immediately from friends who were profoundly affected by her during their college years and afterward.
Kate seemed to relish the opportunity to shepherd the careers and lives of young people. This was especially true of young Catholic conservatives, in whom she detected both the sensibility of political conservatism and appreciation for the higher wisdom of the Catholic faith.
My own experience with Kate began as a government relations intern at the Heritage Foundation, when she was vice president. Most applicants for the internship were surely more impressive than I, but Kate deliberately chose me, because I had fought for Catholic, conservative principles at my Jesuit university. She later helped me secure another wonderfully formative opportunity at the U.S. Catholic bishops’ conference with her husband Jim, also a wonderful person who has greatly impacted me personally as well as in my career.
At Heritage and afterward, Kate helped me better understand the crisis of our age and more firmly resolve to improve my university, my culture, and my Church. Without her influence, it’s difficult to imagine ever having the opportunity or gaining the confidence and determination to become a leader in pro-life efforts, to embark on my life’s work at the Cardinal Newman Society, or even to seek and marry the right woman. Kate and Jim attended my wedding and those of others they mentored, a clear display of personal commitment and genuine concern for the lives they touched.
Perhaps my reflection is too personal, but it’s precisely the person that I want to honor in Kate. She did God’s work in the lives of many young people, helping shape and direct them. In her work, Kate was influential as a champion for American ideals, which began with the conviction that God wants us to be fully human and it is by His wisdom that we are truly free. In her relationships, Kate helped form that conviction in others. She accomplished so much for the cause of true conservatism by exhibiting the humanity to which we should all aspire.
—Patrick Reilly is president of the Cardinal Newman Society.
 
Veronique Rodman
As you have surely heard already, Kate O’Beirne was elegance and grace. She was also beautiful, kind, and extremely witty. Her policy sense and innate understanding of politics was matched by few. She was also a model to all of those who opine about the news. To television audiences she represented a special face of conservatism — not strident or offensively partisan — known instead for its charm, its kindness, its likeability, its impeccable logic, and its ability to convince others.
We will all miss Kate on so many levels.
—Veronique Rodman is director of public affairs at the American Enterprise Institute.
 
Representative Paul Ryan
Kate O’Beirne was an incredible influence for me. She was one of my mentors, long before I thought about running for office. When I was just a young staffer and she was at the Heritage Foundation, I sought her out for all the wisdom she was willing to offer. She would always listen, and go back and forth on whatever I wanted to talk about. This is someone who clearly relished the battle of ideas, and could size up an argument with ease. But it was how she did it that really set her apart. For all her brilliance, there was no arrogance about Kate, just this sharp wit that you really wanted to emulate. She instilled in me and a whole generation of conservatives the importance of being unafraid. I am honored that I could call her a friend. I will always look to her example for guidance.
—Representative Paul Ryan (R., Wisc.) is the speaker of the House.
 
Rick Santorum
After I was elected to the senate it didn’t take us long to determine that the only way to stay a tight-knit family was bringing the kids to northern Virginia. Not surprisingly the key to surviving that painful transition was our church. We found a parish with a truly great pastor who brought the gospel alive to me and Karen. It started a journey that brought us fully into the church, but that wasn’t the only blessing I received from going to mass on Sunday.
Over the years this dynamic parish occasionally attracted other conservatives including activists, journalists, members of Congress, and even two Supreme Court justices. Of all of the notables, there was one that I couldn’t help but notice was in attendance. She, her husband Jim, and their two boys stood out in the congregation. At over six feet tall they physically stood out, but at a time when the term “Sunday best” lost its meaning, the O’Beirnes were always in “church clothes.” On those Sundays I knew the homily wasn’t the only insight Karen and I were going to receive that morning.
I had met Kate and was aware of her work at Heritage and on TV and in print, but this is how I got to know Kate. From all my interactions there was no public Kate and private Kate. She loved her faith, her family, and her country, and was deeply engaged in all three all the time. She was the Kate we all saw in front of the camera so aptly described in many of the tributes published on NRO — smart, witty, curious, opinionated, — in short, just so fun to be around.
As a relative newbie to D.C., she seemed to know everyone and everything that was going on in Washington, how things worked or used to work, why they didn’t and how they could again. It was always entertaining, but rarely chatty. In my encounters with Kate there was always a point to the banter. She was driven by her belief that America was a work in progress and we were integral to that progress. Even after mass there were always multiple questions about politics, policy, or faith, followed by an equal number of challenges to my answers usually ending in a “that’s right” or a grunt followed by a wry smile. Walking away, I always felt like the pencil not the sharpener and for that I will ever be grateful to her.
May eternal rest be granted unto you and let perpetual light shine upon you.
— Rick Santorum is a former United States senator from Pennsylvania.
 
Bernadette Malone Serton
If Kate O’Beirne was your introduction to conservative women in Washington, as she was this 1995 intern’s, your first impression of them was formed: accomplished and kind; passionate and fair; maternal and logical; beautiful and tough. Kate modeled the best of our gender and of our movement, and we will never forget her.
—Bernadette Malone Serton is book director at the Manhattan Institute. She was editor of Kate’s book Women Who Made the World Worse.
 
Reverend Robert A. Sirico
I feel like I have always known Kate O’Beirne, so the passing of this women of keen intellect, sharp wit, and fearless rhetoric in confronting the nostrums of our day leaves me feeling very, very sad. It is painfully sad to think that the occasions of sharing National Review cruises or panel discussions with her or having her emcee several Acton Institute annual dinners will be no more.
Perhaps the most memorable of these occasions was when I invited Kate to emcee the 20th Anniversary of the Institute. Part of her role was to introduce the person who would introduce me, namely my actor-brother Tony Sirico, most well known as “Paulie Walnuts” on The Sopranos. Their combo was a tour de force ornamented with the perfect cadence of classic New York accents all around (and this in Grand Rapids!). See Kate’s performance here.
Among the thoughts running through my mind when I first learned that Kate was dying was her preternatural graciousness. Perhaps it was her no-nonsense charm endeared her to me, making me feel like we grew up together. Kate’s style exhibited someone long comfortable in her own skin.
The difference between her Irish-Catholic background and my own working-class Italian roots were not a gap, but a bridge, even an alliance, between us. Kate’s tongue and pen could be sharp, always intended not to injure an ideological opponent (at least not usually), but to prick intellectual holes in false arguments, rendering the debate more focused than when it began. To disagree with Kate was to receive a lesson in personal class, wisdom, learning, character, and humor.
The more I was in the presence of Kate’s approach, the more I admired her. In the end, Kate, like one of her heroes, was a Happy Warrior more interested in winning hearts and minds (not necessarily in that order) than in eviscerating the opposition. Our cause would be well served by more exactly like her. RIP, Kate.
—Reverend Robert A. Sirico is a Roman Catholic priest as well as president and founder of the Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty headquartered in Grand Rapids, Mich.
 
Ed Whelan
I can do no better than to endorse the many beautiful tributes to the extraordinary Kate O’Beirne that have already been written, including those by Ramesh Ponnuru, April Ponnuru (above), and Mona Charen. But let me offer a few observations.
When I first entered the outer orbit of the National Review world a dozen years ago, Kate had long been a dazzling star whom I had admired from afar. I might well have been daunted to approach her. But Kate instead generously befriended me. I immediately discovered how delightful, intelligent, and down to earth she was. I’m so grateful that my wife and I had many occasions over the years to talk and laugh with Kate (including at the Ethics and Public Policy Center’s 40th-anniversary gala just last year, which she highlighted with lavishly celebratory remarks punctuated by her wry humor). How I wish for one time more.
Some years ago, I took part in an amazing program in Rome — a sort of deeper look at the Vatican — for a group of twelve or so journalists. (I happily endured the label for the sake of the trip.) Kate was one of the leaders of the program. Over the course of a week, we visited the great basilicas of Rome, toured the Scavi and the Sistine Chapel, met with Vatican officials, had every meal together, and attended Mass each day at sites from the crypt of Saint Peter’s to the catacombs. Although Kate had done it all before, her joy and awe were fresh. She combined a humble reverence for that which deserved revering with a withering irreverence for that which didn’t.
More broadly, Kate’s deeply Catholic sensibility infused her life. The “tough broad” pose she sometimes feigned sheltered her gentle heart. She found and shared amusement in the foibles that we imperfect human beings all have, even as she loved others with (and not merely despite) our many faults. She put her ultimate faith not in the things of this world but in those of the next.
May Kate’s soul rest in peace, and may her beloved husband Jim, their two sons she adored, and her extended family be consoled in their grief.
—Ed Whelan is president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and a regular contributor to National Review’s Bench Memos blog.
 
Marshall Wittmann
Kate made us laugh.
In a city that is overpopulated with humorless egos, Kate broke the mold. She was connected. She was wise. She was insightful. She was actually all of the things that many in D.C act as if they are, but she never made us feel that we were her subordinates or ever condescended — even when she was our boss.
I loved every day going to work when Kate was my boss. She would provide me insights and clarity amidst the confusion. She motivated me to advance the cause of ideas in which she believed so deeply. But Kate kept it all in perspective — she grasped all of the absurdities and the frailties in a deeply human way. And she laughed, and we laughed.
She made the fight joyful. As others have also expressed, I will also miss her kindness, her intelligence, her Irish wit, and her graciousness. But most of all, our own Happy Warrior is no longer with us.
It’s tough today to laugh through my tears.
—Marshall Wittmann worked with Kate at the Heritage Foundation.
 
Genevieve Wood
In almost every remembrance I’ve read about Kate, people have spoken of her role in mentoring young conservatives who were blessed to cross her path. I was one of those. I had many interactions with Kate over the years, sometimes it was interviewing her on a policy panel, other times it was enjoying her company at a social event — and those events were always much more social, and fun, thanks to her attendance. But one interaction in particular will always stand out for me.
I had been in Washington for five years and questioning whether it was time to move on. Such a predicament is common for people in their mid-twenties, but what isn’t so common, despite all the folks in D.C. who love offering their advice, is a wise person who takes the time to help you think through such things. Perhaps it was because she had always been so friendly when I saw her, I decided she just might be one of those people. I was right.
I can still remember, sitting in her office at National Review above the old Trover bookstore on Pennsylvania Avenue, how intently she listened and what good questions she asked. She thought I had a gift for communicating (which meant the world to me because I admired that very gift in her) and she encouraged me to stay in Washington because, she said, “Heaven knows our side can use it!”
But Kate wasn’t just an encourager, she was a doer. I was not back at my office more than 15 minutes when the phone rang. It was Cliff May who then headed the communications shop at the Republican National Committee. He said, “I just got a call from Kate O’Beirne and she told me I needed to hire you. So, how about it?”
Today, 20 years later, I look back on my communications and media work that has spanned the spectrum of conservative organizations and causes, and I think about that half-hour Kate took to listen and advise and encourage. What a difference she made in my life. And what a difference she made in so many others.
—Genevieve Wood is senior fellow in Communications and Senior Contributor, the Daily Signal.



ARTICLE
According to an article in the “intersectional” blog The Establishment, people who don’t have to live in tiny houses living in tiny houses is a “troubling” example of “poverty appropriation.”
In an article titled “The Troubling Trendiness of Poverty Appropriation,” July Westhale explains that she grew up in poverty in a small immigrant town in California, where she lived in a small house because she had to — and that she’s finding herself getting a little offended by people who are living in small houses because they want to.
“This background, this essential part of who I am, makes it particularly difficult to stomach the latest trend in ‘simple’ living  –  people moving into tiny homes and trailers,” Westhale writes.
“How many folks, I wonder, who have engaged in the Tiny House Movement have ever actually lived in a tiny, mobile place?” she asks. “Because what those who can afford homes call ‘living light,’ poor folks call ‘gratitude for what we’ve got.’”
And it’s not just the Tiny House Movement. No, Westhale also has a problem with certain bars and restaurants “appropriat[ing] . . . low income communities” through trailer-park themes and “trashy” menu items such as tater tots.
“Inexpensive, filling food items most commonly found in poverty-stricken households have become de rigeur at some of the hippest restaurants in the country: you can find meat and pickle plates being schlepped off in fancy restaurants as charcuterie, or bone marrow appetizers for $12 per plate at many of the new eateries popping up in affluent cities (or newly affluent, like Oakland),” Westhale writes.
(Note: I’m not sure where she gets the idea that “charcuterie” is trashy food. I feel like “cheese and crackers” is something that people of all income levels have been eating for quite some time now, and I personally didn’t even know what the word “charcuterie” meant until two years ago.)
Now, to be fair, Westhale isn’t saying that you shouldn’t be allowed to eat tater tots or live in a small home. At the end of her essay, she explains that she just wants people to “start having conversations about how alternative means aren’t a choice for those who come from poverty.”
Here’s the thing, though: I am pretty sure everyone in the world is already well aware of the subject that she so desperately wants to start a “conversation” about.
Most people who move into mobile homes do so so they can spend their days traveling and exploring nature instead of being glued to a traditional house or apartment. Really, it’s more of a hardcore camping, adventure-blogging trend than an appropriation trend.
As for the non-mobile Tiny House Movement, a lot of people do this in order to avoid mortgage debt so that they can spend money on other things. Cutting areas in your budget to save money isn’t appropriation; it’s financial planning.
I highly doubt that anyone who moves into a mobile or “tiny” home out of choice is sitting there thinking, “Man, low-income people sure do have it easy! This is great!” Everyone understands that having the ability to downsize your home in order to have money for other things and/or the ability to travel is much, much different than having a small home because all you can afford is a small home. Everyone knows that there is much more to poverty than just home size and tater tots, and it’s absolutely ridiculous to think otherwise.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The fulsomely praised new Hulu series The Handmaid’s Tale, which is available for streaming starting tomorrow, takes place in a chilling near-future where women are reduced to wombs on feet, gays are publicly executed, and a Christian theocracy has squashed civil liberties. The show is an eerie, too-perfect encapsulation of the Trump Era.
As I look out my window in Manhattan, the only women I see are wearing monk’s robes colored scarlet, to emphasize their sin, and topped by nun-like white bonnets. Oranges are scarce in our part of the country due to our ongoing wars with Florida, and since January 20 it has become a regular occurrence to see gay men, priests, and abortionists publicly hanged, their lifeless bodies left black and bruised as a warning to us all. Prophetic? The story is downright unerring.
Just as Margaret Atwood foretold in the 1985 novel from which The Handmaid’s Tale is adapted, all fertile women are being held in prison camps run by domineering Mother Superior types armed with tasers, while men of sufficient rank are simply assigned women to be their sex slaves and helpmeets. Sex these days takes place with both parties almost completely clothed, the women silent and unmoving, the men muttering ritualistic Bible references.
And hey, who hasn’t noticed all the protest marches that ended with government troops opening fire? Or the regime-ordered group executions (partici-cutions, in Handmaid-speak) whereby accused people were beaten to death at the hands of vicious mobs? Or the many brave martyrs shot trying to cross the border from Maine into Canada? Or the Stalinist-style surveillance system tracking our every move? Or the way you can be Tasered for referring to people as “gay” rather than “gender traitors”? Of course, you’re aware that the Northeastern U.S. is now a breakaway Bible-based state called “Gilead,” that all college professors have forcibly been sent out to “the colonies,” and that Anchorage is now the capital of what remains of the United States. It’s a grim fact of life that all women in these parts have been forced to abandon their given names and renamed with Cotton-Mather-meets-J.R.R.-Tolkien handles such as “Offred,” the bewildered lead character portrayed in the show by Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. Really, not since the nuclear-meltdown thriller The China Syndrome hit theaters two weeks before the 1979 Three Mile Island disaster has a piece of Hollywood entertainment arrived with such grimly apropos timing.
The country’s journalists are, praise be, shining a bright light on Atwood’s uncanny accuracy. “A time very much like ours” is how The New York Times describes the scenes, shown in flashback, in which the gay-executing, woman-subjugating theocracy seizes power, using a terror attack in Washington as its Reichstag fire. Another Times piece says the show “arrives with a newfound and unexpected resonance in Trump’s America.” The Hollywood Reporter calls it “a story for the time and place we’re living in.” Harper’s Bazaar avers that it “Strikes uncomfortably close to real-world political rhetoric.” Slate deems it “Eerily prescient.”
Sure, technically speaking, maybe nothing in The Handmaid’s Tale has actually happened yet, just as, if you want to get picayune about niggling details, when you criticize the Trump regime you tend to get awarded your own late-night comedy gig instead of being tasered. But everything Atwood presaged is just about ten minutes from happening. Just as it was ten minutes from happening when the Reverend Jerry Falwell formed the Moral Majority in 1979. It was always just around the corner during the Reagan years, when George H.W. Bush spoke of family values, and when admitted born-again Christian George W. Bush became president. Now President Trump’s evident lack of interest in religion or morals makes him an especially insidious theocratic threat.
The scene in episode three of The Handmaid’s Tale in which a woman awakes in horror in a hospital bed to find that her genitals have been mutilated in order to teach her a lesson brought things devastatingly home for me: The real-world parallels are impossible to miss. Indeed, just as some of the most fawning reviews of the show were being published, a Michigan doctor was indicted for allegedly mutilating the genitals of seven-year-old girls in a religious-based ritual; two others, a doctor and his wife, were subsequently charged with similar offenses. The same theocratic culture is associated with public execution by mob, with execution of gay people, with making women second-class citizens, with imposing dress restrictions on women, and with placing theological authorities in charge of criminal proceedings. It’s all chilling, it’s all based on religious zealotry backed by terror, and it’s clearly all to the everlasting shame of President Trump.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
Editor’s Note: This piece originally referred in error to Reverend Donald Wildmon as a founder of the Moral Majority. It has been corrected.



ARTICLE
How can an otherwise failed dictatorship best suppress internal dissent while winning international attention, influence — and money?
Apparently, it must openly seek nuclear weapons.
Second, the nut state should sound so crazy and unpredictable that it might just use them, regardless of civilization’s deterrent forces arrayed against it.
Third, it must welcome being “reluctantly” pulled into nonproliferation talks to prolong the farce and allow its deep-pocket enemies to brag of their diplomatic “strategic patience” and sophistication.
The accepted logic of the rogue state is that the Westernized world is so affluent and leisured, and life is so good, that it will understandably grant almost any immediate geostrategic or monetary concession to avoid serious disruptions of the international order. The logic of appeasement is always more appeasement — especially in the one-bomb nuclear age.
North Korea sounds as if Pyongyang is an expendable hellhole, but not so Seoul, one of the world’s great commercial and industrial powerhouses that exports Hyundais, Kias, Samsung, and LG appliances.
The logic is that of the proverbial crazy country neighbor, whose house and yard are a junkyard mess, whose kids are criminals, and who periodically threatens to “mess you up” unless you put up with his antics, give him attention, and overlook his serial criminality.
The renegade neighbor’s logic is that you have lots to lose by descending into his world of violence and insanity, while he has nothing to forfeit by basking in it, and that such asymmetry allows him to have something on you. And it makes him something other than just the ex-con, creep, and failure that he otherwise is.
Short-term appeasement of unhinged monsters is always felt to be a safer and less dangerous choice than solving the problem once and for all, which one might do by calling the bluff of a rabid entity believed capable of inflicting grave damage on the civilized order.
And so for nearly the last half century we have found new and creative ways of feeding our pre-civilized dragons in fear that otherwise they will immediately scorch civilization. The logic, in other words, has been “let the next administration handle this temporarily placated monster when he gets hungry again.”
For much of the 1980s and 1990s, Saddam Hussein sounded and acted murderously unhinged: He preemptively attacked Iran, issued threats against most of his neighbors, gassed thousands of Kurds at Halabja, bragged about his human flesh-chipper, ran a gestapo police state that murdered hundreds of thousands of its own, invaded Kuwait, sent missiles into Israel, violated U.N. resolutions, and all the while slyly suggesting that Iraq had a huge arsenal of WMD.
A crazy, dangerous Iraq was all over the front pages — in a way that Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and other oil-exporting Arab countries were not.
But eventually Saddam’s various enemies concluded that in fact he did not have nuclear capability, and then they moved to ensure that he never acquired it. After Israel’s preemptive strike in 1981 at the Iraq nuclear facility at Osirak, outside of Baghdad, and the crushing defeat in the First Gulf War, Saddam’s enemies guessed that he had no nuclear deterrent — yet. And so the Americans took him out in 2003, on the hunch that his much-bragged-about WMD arsenal did not mean he had a bomb.
Moammar Qaddafi adopted the same blueprint of acting crazy — subsidizing global terrorists, taking down airplanes, terrorizing his own people — while using his petrodollars to build centrifuges to acquire nuclear capability.
For a time, Qaddafi was on the world stage in a way that nondescript Morocco or Tunisia was not. But after the 2003 removal of Saddam, Qaddafi panicked, feared his own removal, and so gave up his nuclear program. Without nukes and a future deterrent, his craziness eventually sounded shrill and he was bombed out of power less than a decade later.
Iran follows the same tired and predictable script. It has talked grandly of Israel as a “one-bomb state.” It threatens to unleash a firestorm in the Persian Gulf. It sends out global terrorists and fights proxy wars in Syria, Yemen, and Iraq. It hijacks boats and gloats about launching missiles toward American carriers.
Iran’s revolutionary theocracy has executed thousands of dissidents; it takes Western hostages and bargains for ransom. And all the while it has continued to build centrifuges — now bragging that it will soon become nuclear, now backing off under criticism and smirking that its enriched uranium is “for peaceful purposes” only.
In other words, a passive-aggressive Iran learned long ago that an otherwise nondescript rogue nation without an effective military and economy, or cultural influence of the caliber of the United States’, Europe’s, Russia’s, or China’s, usually does not warrant world attention. It does not win $400 million in bribe money in the dead of night along with fawning, serial concessions — unless it credibly acts as if it is both nuts and on the cusp of being nuclear. So Iran, in seemingly suicidal fashion, poses as if it is existentially dangerous, neither subject to natural laws of deterrence nor to international norms and laws. (Few worry about democratic and nuclear France, India, and Israel or even much about Russia and China, both of which are autocratic and nuclear but otherwise globalized, commercially engaged, and usually predictable.)
In contrast, consider Pakistan. Periodically it has talked of nuclear exchanges with India, winked and nodded at terrorist operations against Mumbai, harbored bin Laden, promoted the Taliban, and profited from terrorism and drugs — on the loud assurance that it has a sizable nuclear arsenal, is unpredictable, and at times is prone to suicidal Islamist fantasies. Without such a strategy, Pakistan would earn little fear, no world attention, and not much international aid, given that it has never developed a sophisticated globalized economy like neighboring democratic India.
But no one has played the game better than the two Kim Jongs of North Korea. The result is that Pyongyang has gained billions in bribe money, international attention and concern, and free publicity, despite starving its own people and becoming the hated pariah of Asia.
Certainly, comparably sized Asian countries such as Sri Lanka or Malaysia do not warrant the world’s focus or largesse by quietly tending to their own business. Under the rules of nuttiness and nuclearized blackmail, quiet non-nuclear states who play by the rules are ignored, and rogues who don’t are courted and bribed. Outlaw leaders see such brinkmanship as the pathway to family enrichment and prolonged tenure.
There are still a few ways to break this dangerous cycle, but they all are predicated on two assumptions: the immediate remedies are quite dangerous, and yet the status quo is not sustainable and even more existentially dangerous in the long term.
Here are some options; they are not mutually exclusive and universally applicable to rogue nuclear states besides North Korea.
Third Parties
Rogue nations exist because superpower patrons find them useful pawns.
Trump apparently is redefining Obama-era “normal” commercial relations with China as suddenly asymmetrical and detrimental to the U.S. — as a bargaining chip to negotiate downward so that the Chinese will help with North Korea. If in exchange he gets Chinese pressure on Pyongyang, then the upside of the deal is that we are no worse off trade-wise with China than we were in 2009, but much better off without a North Korea threat.
It’s usually delusional to appeal to the self-interest of a big power that is sponsoring a rogue state (a Russia or a China knows better than we do why their clients do things that bother us). Yet Trump apparently will try to convince China (no longer itself posing as a Maoist-crazy, impoverished nuclear state) that a rich South Korea that forgoes nuclear weapons, with traditional rivalries with Japan, is still a better deal than a serially unpredictable and treacherous nuclear Pyongyang, whose wayward nuclear explosions could radiate almost anywhere.
Sanctions
We laugh at soft-power sanctions. But in the case of North Korea and Iran, it was they, not us, who lobbied, threatened, and begged for them to end. The problem with sanctions is not that they do not eventually work but that that they take a long time to work well — and in the interim the sanctioneers lose their nerve and their solidarity and then capitulate, either to win accolades for a “legacy” deal or in guilt that they have reduced North Koreans to eating grass or Iranians to being without Advil. Once sanctions are leveled, they should never be lifted until the rogue state is certifiably incapable of deploying nuclear weapons.
Deterrence
Rogue nations do not care about offensive asymmetry, given their vows that they welcome Armageddon if it means the end of an American city or chaos in the supposedly hated West.
In such an unlikely but nevertheless dangerous calculus, ten nukes in the hand of Iran or North Korea are felt to be worth 1,000 in the possession of the U.S.
So the key is more defensive deterrence, or the overwhelming assurance that missile defense, cyberwarfare, etc. can nearly guarantee that North Korea’s weapons will have zero effect on its enemies. The script about desiring suicide is empty if a rogue state knows it cannot take anyone down with it (like a suicide bomber who beforehand knows that his bomb is a dud).
Clearly, the U.S. and its Asian allies must expand — and demonstrate — their anti-missile capability as fast as possible.
Degrees of Madness
Rogue madness can become banal quickly. (“My, my — North Korea threatened to blow us up again yesterday.”) North Korea can only threaten to incinerate the U.S. so many times; Iran can put out only so many videos showing America in flames.
Western madness is a different story, given its rarity and far more likely severity. It is a false reading of history to think that the U.S. has always responded predictably and proportionally. Its record in the World Wars and Korea and Vietnam is on occasion devastating and disproportionate.
We ridicule the good cop–bad cop, Nixonian-Kissingerian role-playing, but it achieved results precisely because there were unquestionably credible hawks in government who were always on the verge of breaking out of their cages. The loud presence of a supposedly Strangelovian Curtis LeMay was of value to U.S. presidents. The occasional narrative, true or fabricated, that a sober McMaster or Mattis must calm down an impulsive Trump may have some value.
Allied Cohesion
In a showdown, there can be no triangulating allies who publicly fret about America’s “show of force” but privately beg that it continues. The key is to separate rogue states from their patrons, not our clients from ourselves. Any policy must first be ironclad in its assurances that all frontline threatened states are on board with a new deterrent stature and not sending mixing signals to enemies.
The alignment of Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Australia with the U.S. is a potent force that can help sway China and reassure such non-nuclear states that they are under the American defensive umbrella.
Brinkmanship
As a last resort, of course, the U.S. can always tell China that it broke the unspoken rule of not letting a client go nuclear. It will remind Beijing that if Taiwan, Japan, or South Korea chooses to go nuclear as did North Korea, its nukes would work like Hondas and Kias and not implode on the launching pad.
Public opinion in all these countries, of course, understandably opposes nuclearization, but public opinion is fickle when North Korea sends missiles into one’s air space. Nuclearized India, Pakistan, Iran, and North Korea on the borders of Russia and China are unstable enough for these patrons — without adding a nearby nuclear Taiwan, Japan, and South Korea as well.
In sum, when a nutty nuclear or would-be nuclear state goes too far in its various extortions and is seen as an immediate existential threat, then long-term dangers become short-term crises and override short-term appeasement.
And that’s where we seem to be going with North Korea.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won, to appear in October from Basic Books.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Independent observers have deemed Turkey’s referendum campaign to be neither free nor fair, but their objections may be moot. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has claimed victory and declared debate over; he will not accept a recount or nullification.
Symbolically closing the door on the secular, Western-leaning republic founded nearly 100 years ago by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, Erdogan visited not his tomb after the election but rather that of the Ottoman sultan Mehmet II (r. 1444–46, 1451–81), who conquered Constantinople (now Istanbul) in 1453. The visit capped Erdogan’s more than decade-long embrace of neo-Ottomanism, the idea, promoted by former foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu, that Turkey should focus its foreign policy more on the former Ottoman domains in the Middle East and North Africa than in Europe or elsewhere in the West.
The neo-Ottoman reorientation may have just been the beginning as Turkey seeks to pivot from its westward focus. It appears headed not only toward a break with the European Union, in which it once sought membership — in recent weeks, Erdogan has likened both the Dutch and the German governments to Nazis — but also toward a full-scale embrace of Russia.
NATO authorities have been in denial. “We are grateful for Turkey’s long-standing contribution to our alliance in so many ways,” NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said after a visit to Istanbul and Ankara last year. He has lauded Turkey’s contributions to the international fight against terrorism, never mind that Erdogan has transformed Turkey into an underground railroad for Islamic State fighters and supplied and endorsed al-Qaeda affiliates in Syria and elsewhere.
On its surface, a Russo–Turkish alliance might seem counterintuitive: Russia and Turkey have been historical adversaries. Russia fought multiple wars against the Ottoman Empire and long sought to win possession of the Bosporus. During the Cold War, Turkey was one of only two NATO members bordering the Soviet Union.
In recent years, Ankara and Moscow have been at loggerheads over Syria, as Russia doubled down on its support of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad while Turkey supported the militant opposition. This tension peaked after a Turkish F-16 fighter shot down a Russian Su-24M attack plane that had strayed into Turkish air space. Turkish-backed Syrian rebels shot and killed the pilot after he ejected. The Russian government retaliated by forbidding Russian tourism firms from working with Turkey, crippling an already-reeling Turkish industry.
In recent months, however, Erdogan and Russian president Vladimir Putin have reconciled (notwithstanding the assassination of the Russian ambassador to Turkey). Tourists are back. The two leaders met to bury the hatchet, first in St. Petersburg and then in Istanbul. They discussed billions of dollars in energy, infrastructure, and nuclear deals. Often, when the topic turns to the nuts and bolts of business, the professional diplomats leave the room and the two leaders, each of which is a financial giant in his own country, hash out deals that are as much about reconciling bank accounts as national interests. Even the murder of the Russian ambassador to Turkey by a Turkish policeman swearing allegiance to an al-Qaeda affiliate did not derail the rapprochement.
Putin approaches diplomacy not as an exercise to find win–win solutions but rather as a zero-sum game: A partnership with Turkey cannot be only about diplomacy but must have the effect of permanently separating it from the West. Here, Erdogan, who holds the West in disdain because of its support for Turkey’s old secularist order, plays his part. Even as Turkish and Western diplomats and military officials pay lip service to the importance of each other’s country, Erdogan has fed Turks a steady stream of hatred and conspiracy toward the West in general and NATO in particular. Turkish state media have sent reporters to Germany so they could stand in front of U.S. military bases as they deliver breathless reports about NATO sponsorship of terror. Russian political and conspiracy theorist Aleksandr Dugin appears more often in the Turkish press than does the U.S. ambassador.
The Turkish military tilt toward Russia has gone beyond the symbolic. As depicted by Turkish diplomats and Western reporters, the purge of Turkish military officers is directed against followers of exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen, but Turkish officers with significant service in NATO have been as great a target, if not greater. To have served in NATO commands is now seen by Turkish officers as a ticket to prison, not promotion. Earlier this month, Turkey and Russia held joint naval exercises. Rumors persist in Turkey about the Kremlin’s desire to establish a naval base in Mersin, where there is a growing Russian presence, according to Turkish military officials.
The diplomatic tilt is equally pronounced. For all the noise that Turkish public-relations organizations make in the West about a commitment to Europe, Erdogan and his foreign ministry have been laying the groundwork for membership in the Moscow- and Beijing-led Shanghai Cooperation Organization. In the waning weeks of the Obama administration, Turkey seemed to catch Secretary of State John Kerry by surprise when it endorsed a Russian and Iranian diplomatic initiative for Syria.
Ironically, as Erdogan seizes the power to guide Turkey from the West and toward a broader partnership with Russia, the problem for the United States is not that Turkey could leave NATO but that it might not. NATO is run by consensus, and Turkey could act as a Trojan horse, paralyzing all decision-making and effectiveness. NATO has no mechanism to expel a member that drifts away from the alliance’s political or democratic norms.
The danger goes further, however. Turkey is a partner on the F-35 joint-strike fighter and seeks to purchase what the Pentagon sees as the next generation of its airpower. To send or sell any F-35s to Turkey now is to risk provision of cutting-edge military technology and codes to Russia and China. The idea that Turkey needs F-35s is risible. After all, Erdogan’s purge of his air force has been so drastic that Turkey now has two F-16s for every pilot (when those who are imprisoned are factored out). Turkey’s purchase of Russian S-400 missiles is just as dangerous, as they could be integrated into Turkey’s air-defense system only by betraying NATO codes and processes.
So what is Erdogan’s game? He may believe that he is engaged in a win–win strategy. If he builds leverage to force concessions from the United States or a fearful Europe, he wins. President Donald Trump or Defense Secretary James Mattis would be foolish to engage in a bidding war, however, as Erdogan will never be satiated. Meanwhile, if Erdogan receives from Putin some reward, either personal or national, he believes he wins. What Erdogan does not understand is what a risky game he plays for Turkey’s future: Whereas the United States sees allies as partners, Russia sees them as client states, and, while Erdogan may believe he can outplay Putin, he is a novice compared with Russia’s KGB-trained leader.
The West can wring its hands about the death of democracy and a more secular order in Turkey, but that train left the station a decade ago. Far more dangerous for Europe and the United States are the changes now underway in Turkey’s foreign-policy orientation.
— Michael Rubin is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
New York City mayor Bill de Blasio has proudly announced that his administration is planning to raise taxes on cigarettes in order to make the base price $13.00 a pack, the highest in the nation. This is a terrible idea for a host of reasons. Even at the already exorbitant current base price of $10.50, the city is full of bodegas selling bootlegged $8.00 packs shipped in from states such as Virginia where taxes are low. Another price increase will only boost sales for these illegal operations. It is also an obviously regressive tax that will punish poor and middle class New Yorkers who choose to smoke.
But setting aside these concerns, there is a broader question at stake in Gotham’s skyscraper-tall smoking tax. Should the government use the tax code to modify the behavior of citizens in a free society? The primary purpose and justification for taxation is that government provides essential services that must be funded. Should the government’s obligation be to meet its funding goal as efficiently as possible — or to punish behavior it finds undesirable?
In examining this question, one thing is clear off the bat. The increase in the cigarette tax is not a measure meant to close some gap in the budget. Its purpose is clearly to dissuade people from smoking. Which is to say that its purpose is to interfere with and undermine commercial transactions between tobacco sellers and buyers.
If the state has an interest in making a product illegal because it is dangerous, it may do so. In New York City, you may not purchase marijuana or cocaine legally. But you may purchase cigarettes. If the danger of smoking doesn’t rise to the level of banning it, why does it rise to the level of punitive taxation? This is not a luxury tax per se; cigarettes are actually a product that traditionally have a low price point. Even the most exclusive brands cost only a few dollars more per pack than generic brands.
Furthermore, there are serious questions as to just how effective this excessive taxation really is. In Denver, for example, the average price of a pack of cigarettes is about $6.00 and the smoking rate is just under 16 percent of adults. In New York City, the average pack costs over $12.50, but the smoking rate is 14.3 percent. That is more than a 100 percent difference in cost to produce just a two point difference in the number of smokers.
For a pack-a-day smoker, this difference in cost amounts to over $2,000 a year — and this is a tax that is blind to the income of the payer. Can such an enormous tax liability be justified for just a 2 percent difference in the smoking rate? Or is something else going on here? Is government moralizing — telling us how we should behave, what risks we should take, and how we should live through the tax code?
It is moral disapprobation, not sound policy, that leads to astronomical taxes on smoking. Smokers are viewed as self-abusive and morally deficient. But smoking isn’t the only activity that kills and injures people. By the logic of mega taxes on cigarettes, why not raise speeding tickets 100 percent or why not add a 100 percent tax to Big Macs? Why not impose harsh monetary penalties on people possessing small amounts of hard drugs?
One can easily imagine a society in which every activity people enjoy that runs afoul of the government’s sensibilities is hyper-taxed to engender conformity to the state’s desires. But this should not be the role of government. When needed, the government may ban substances, but what it shouldn’t do is engage in social engineering through the tax code.
For every smoker who quits because of excessive taxes, there are myriad more who will be paying an unfair share to fund the government. But Mayor de Blasio doesn’t seem to be concerned about that 14 percent of his fellow citizens. He would have us pay through the nose — all because he thinks he knows what’s best for us.
That is not how things work in a free society. In a free society, taxes are not a cudgel with which to punish the morally suspect; they are a means to fund the government. Everyone makes bad decisions and dangerous choices at some point in their lives. But we don’t need tax collectors monitoring our behavior. There are effective means by which cities can assist smoking cessation. Excessive taxation, however, isn’t one of them. It’s unfair, overly burdensome, and too strong of a state arm reaching into our lives.
— David Marcus is a senior contributor to the Federalist. He is also the artistic director of Blue Box World, a Brooklyn-based theater project.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Science joined the #resistance over the weekend, or so the organizers of the March for Science would have us believe.
Thousands of demonstrators marched in Washington, D.C., and in cities around the country under the banner of science and in the spirit of the Women’s March opposing President Donald Trump back in January.
The march had its share of harmless and charmingly nerdy science enthusiasts holding signs like “I was told there would be pi” and “I was told to bring a sine” (get it?). Who can possibly object to people, who may have waited a lifetime for the opportunity, finally getting a chance to make trigonometry puns in public?
The problem with the march was its larger ambition to enlist science in the anti-Trump movement. Not only does this represent a jaw-dropping misunderstanding of science — the Large Hadron Collider has no position on whether Trump is violating the emoluments clause — but if taken seriously, it will damage the reputation of science.
The left loves to argue that Republicans are anti-science, usually by accusing them of being budding theocrats who value only faith and not science. Since Donald Trump is no one’s idea of a theocrat, the latest argument is that his “alternative facts” administration is an implicit assault on the basis of science. It is certainly the case that Trump says things that aren’t true, although science has survived other fast-and-loose presidents. No one thought that Bill Clinton, during the course of his various falsehoods, was somehow calling into doubt the second law of thermodynamics.
Trump has pronounced on all sorts of things over the decades, but so far the scientific method has escaped his wrath on Twitter. Indeed, putting up glass-encased 98-story buildings implies a certain acceptance of the laws of physics and a respect for engineering.
This is why it’s absurd for any claque to claim ownership of science, which belongs to all of us. No one disputes that the modern world rests on an edifice of scientific advance, and that we owe much of our material well-being to it. No one wants to argue with Francis Bacon, one of the philosophic founders of modern science, about the importance of empiricism. No one wants to dispute the work of Newton, Bohr, or Curie.
This doesn’t mean that science should be apotheosized. It is value-neutral. The same science that gave us penicillin gave us the hydrogen bomb. As Francis Bacon himself put it, “The mechanical arts are of ambiguous use, serving as well for hurt as for remedy.”
For the marchers, though, science stands for all that is good and true, and it just happens to bless their preferred policy positions, especially on climate change. The passion and certitude they bring to the climate debate doesn’t exactly speak to a rigorously scientific disposition. The advocates on climate change often use “science” as a weapon, even as they spin out apocalyptic scenarios that go well beyond the current scientific consensus.
At its worst, the March for Science was tinged with the spirit of three scientists who wrote an anti-Trump essay calling on scientists at universities to consider work slowdowns and strikes. How else to respond “when one party is committed to ignoring science at best, and leveraging it for systemic oppression at worst?” In this view, scientists are simply social-justice warriors in lab coats, political activists who are good at math.
All of this is a mistake, no matter how much Bill Nye, “the Science Guy,” might have delighted at the turnout for the March for Science. Since the country currently lacks for institutions that exist outside the nation’s poisonous partisan divide, besides the military and perhaps big-league sports, it is a disservice to try to enlist science for an ideology.
It is the marchers who are the ones trying, literally, to politicize science. It deserves better defenders.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
‘If ‘never again’ means anything, I had to be here today.” These words came from a rabbi, who invoked the memory of the Holocaust, standing among Christians outside a church in New York on Good Friday evening. This Catholic church, now being leased to Coptic Christians, was a powerful, prayerful scene of solidarity, an icon of brotherhood.
These Christians gathered in response to the recent ISIS attacks on churches in Egypt, one of which was an attempt to kill the Coptic pope. It surprises me just how many people have no idea those attacks happened; every day I mention it in conversation, I find, is another day people learn about the Palm Sunday terrorist attacks.
I find that many people are not pleased when we put a spotlight on Christian persecution. There is the mistaken caricature that if we’re writing about “persecution” in the West, we must be talking about someone getting bent out of shape at Christmastime because of a “Season’s Greetings” sign or displays showing Santa instead of the Christ child. Or, to make it more seasonal, seeing the Easter Bunny instead of proclamations of Resurrection.
Some react with revulsion because they assume that persecuted Christians are asking for special privileges. Others don’t like giving the impression that Christians look like helpless victims.
Yes, these Christians are persecuted. Yes, they are — in the case of Coptic Christians and so many other Christians and religious minorities in the Middle East — targets of genocide. They are also some of the most resilient people you could ever meet. They are forgiving, but not because they are passive victims. They are forgiving because they are beacons of a radical love beyond human understanding, and they know being leaven might be the only way to find hope in these situations.
A project called Under Caesar’s Sword — a joint academic effort of both the University of Notre Dame and Georgetown University’s Berkeley Center, among others — is heavily focused on these challenges. The group’s new report, “In Response to Persecution,” unpacks just what Christian persecution is, where it can be found, and what Christians are doing in response — surviving, associating with other faith communities, and confronting the challenges of their circumstances head on. Some, of course, give their lives for the cause not only of religious freedom but of human dignity itself, as the two are inseparable. Under Caesar’s Sword focuses on Christians because they “are the most widely targeted religious community, suffering terrible persecutions globally.”
The report goes on to explain:
In some of those cases, though clearly not all, Christians are outnumbered. In some of the cases — including in India and Indonesia — democracy doesn’t guarantee protection. In other countries, such as Eritrea, Somalia, and Yemen, persecution is so severe that it is impossible to conduct reliable investigations.
When 21 men, most of them Coptic Christians, were beheaded on the shores of the Mediterranean in Libya in February 2015, they “accounted for a mere twenty-one of the 7,100 Christians” estimated to have died for their faith just that year alone. “This represents more than a 300 percent rise from the 2013 figure of 2,123, and does not include incidents of intimidation or nonlethal violence,” the report adds. The Under Caesar’s Sword report is full of advice for NGOs, businesses, and media.
As Pope Francis heads to Egypt next week, ISIS has “welcomed” him in advance with an attack on the sixth-century St. Catherine’s monastery at the foot of Mount Sinai, which is known as the site where God gave the Ten Commandments to Moses. A beacon of the Beatitudes, Pope Francis brings headlines with him. And he brings the same love that fueled the likes of the Tibhirine Monks of Algeria, who, in an open letter written by Father Christian de Chergé, forgave their murderers in advance:
Now is the time to beg forgiveness for not making the time to pay attention to this global crisis and to remedy our ways. If “never again” means anything, as the rabbi said on Good Friday, then we cannot turn a blind eye to Christian persecution.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. This column is based on one available through Andrews McMeel Universal’s Newspaper Enterprise Association.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The courts have failed. The culture is failing. Unless Congress acts, we may lose not only free speech on college campuses, but free speech in America. In the memorable phrase of my friend, Foundation for Individual Rights in Education president Greg Lukianoff, college students are “unlearning liberty,” carrying the virus of censorship and oppression beyond the university and into the nation.
The courts are failing not because the underlying legal doctrines are flawed but because the remedies for censorship are completely inadequate. As of right now, there is a far greater financial incentive for a university to keep its sidewalks shoveled in the winter than to protect one of our nation’s founding liberties. If a student slips and breaks an arm, they stand to win much larger damages in court than a professor denied a promotion because of his speech or a student group thrown off campus merely because it’s Christian.
As it is, students and professors can launch exhausting legal cases, fight the university tooth-and-nail through years of depositions, motions, trials, and appeals, and at the end of the ordeal win an injunction and attorneys’ fees. In one memorable case, I fought a university for more than seven years and won a week-long jury trial, only for my client to be awarded a total (including attorneys’ fees) of far, far less than $1 million. Universities are some of the richest institutions in American life. These dollar amounts are utterly meaningless to their bottom lines.
It’s worth achieving individual justice in individual cases, but even the strongest precedent ends up providing only a minimal deterrent effect, especially when compared to the overwhelming cultural pressure for more censorship, more thought control, and less tolerance of even the most reasonable dissenting voices on campus.
The New York Times today published an op-ed that provided a public window into the kinds of free-speech arguments that dominate campus discourse. The piece, by Ulrich Baer, a vice provost at New York University, argues that restricting speech that “invalidate[s] the humanity of some people” is a “public good.”
It’s necessary to translate Left-speak to understand what it means to “invalidate the humanity of some people.” In real terms, it doesn’t mean belonging to the KKK, it means nothing more than merely disagreeing with racial and sexual identity politics. So, if you’re Heather Mac Donald and believe that radical anti-police rhetoric and actions from Black Lives Matters is actually costing black lives, then you’re (in the words of activists at Claremont Pomona college) questioning “the right of Black people to exist.” If you’re Charles Murray, and you’ve come to campus to discuss the class divisions that are causing America to “come apart,” a mob can and will shut you down.
Here’s Baer, with words that should chill every American heart:
In other words, campus radicals will let you speak only when they deem your speech is worthy. And if they don’t? Then, the mob isn’t a mob, it’s a collection of idealists “keeping watch over the soul of our republic.”
Enough. We cannot count on campus administrators to protect free speech. They’re so terrified of the radicals that they’re more prone to apologize for free speech, arguably our nation’s most essential liberty, than they are to defend it. Witness Berkeley bowing before the mob time and again. Witness the groveling apology from the chairman of Middlebury’s political-science department to the campus community. A mob attacked and wounded a member of the faculty, and this man actually said that his decision to offer a “symbolic department co-sponsorship” of the event at which that attack occurred contributed to a “feeling of voicelessness” that “many” allegedly experience on campus.
Their voices seemed plenty loud when they violently shut down Murray’s speech.
If we can’t count on courts or colleges to protect free speech, then it’s time for Congress to step up. There’s a remarkably simple solution to the problem of free speech, at least on public university campuses: Adjust the incentives. Make it costlier to censor than to protect the Constitution.
All it would take is a law holding that if a court of final jurisdiction finds that a public university has violated the constitutional rights of a student or faculty member, then the university will pay liquidated damages to the plaintiff in the amount of no less than $5 million. It will also forfeit 25 percent of its federal funding in that current fiscal year. If a university is a repeat offender at any point in the five years following, it will forfeit 100 percent of its federal funding in that fiscal year.
Here’s what will happen: Universities will respond with all the energy and fury of a person experiencing an electric shock. The rule of law will be restored, and our essential liberties will be protected anew.
Does all this sound draconian? It’s not. The primary task of any public official in the United States is to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. It doesn’t matter how well you perform your secondary role, whether it’s governing a state, distributing drivers’ licenses, or even teaching biology — if you fail in the primary task of preserving our constitutional republic, you have no business calling yourself a public servant.
Furthermore, such a strong political statement in favor of free speech will have a potent cultural effect. Private universities that choose to maintain totalitarian enclaves will face powerful market pressures from more-free and less-expensive public universities, and the contrast between liberty and oppression will be made clear for all to see. (It’s worth noting, too, that private universities are not immune from civil law. Mob violence is just as unlawful on private property as it is on a public campus, and law enforcement cannot and must not stand aside when radicals riot.)
At public universities, campus censors have the freedom to speak, but they do not have the freedom to oppress. Constitutional protections are meaningless if the law can’t provide an adequate remedy for their infringement. It’s time to change the calculus. It’s time to crush campus censorship.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE
 



ARTICLE
The news that Emmanuel Macron, the nice centrist candidate, was going to win the first round of France’s presidential election was greeted with undisguised delight by the European Union’s ruling elite. Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, is not meant to weigh in on elections that are still underway in EU member states, but rules are for little people. He was quick to pass on his congratulations and wish Macron well in the run-off against the National Front’s not-always-so-nice Marine Le Pen two weeks from now. Juncker’s ‘foreign minister,’ Federica Mogherini, gushed that seeing the EU and French flags fly at Macron’s victory celebration was “the hope and future of our generation.” Michel Barnier tweeted that, as a “patriot and European,” he was confident about Macron’s prospects on May 7, and added that “France must remain European.” What Barnier, the faintly sinister former European Commissioner and member of France’s defeated Republican party who will serve as Brussels’ chief negotiator in the Brexit negotiations, meant by “European” was that France must remain in the EU, something that Le Pen might well put in jeopardy. That’s what really mattered.
Unemployment in France is approximately 10 percent, more than twice German levels. About a quarter of those between the ages of 16 and 25 are unemployed. French GDP growth has been sluggish for years, and government spending accounts for around 57 percent of GDP, compared with 44 percent in Germany.
Then there is terror: the Charlie Hebdo murders that began 2015, the massacre in Paris that ended it, the truck plowing into crowds celebrating Bastille Day in Nice last year, and, most recently, the shooting in the Champs-Élysées that left one policeman dead and two other people seriously wounded just days before Sunday’s vote. These attacks are part of a wider Islamist assault on the West, but they are also symptomatic of failings in the effort to integrate France’s large Muslim minority, failings with consequences that have done more than their bit to contribute to the growth of the hard right. In 2016, Patrick Calvar, the head of France’s General Directorate for Internal Security, told a parliamentary enquiry that he feared a “confrontation between the far right and the Muslim world.”
And Federica Mogherini is cheered up by some flags.
	Observing the behavior of the Bourbons and their aristocratic entourage on their return to France after the fall of Napoleon, the French statesman Talleyrand is said to have remarked that the king and his entourage had “learned nothing and forgotten nothing.” For some reason that quip came to mind as I read those tweets and other celebratory commentary from, it seemed, every corner of Davosworld,
Looking at Emmanuel Macron, it’s not difficult to understand why. He is one of them — likable, clever, the son of a professor and a doctor, with degrees from the right places, impressive stints in both investment banking and government to his credit, and a fondness for the EU, free trade, and the politics of the Third Way or whatever the old Blairite snake oil is known as these days. As a Socialist minister of the economy, he put together the Loi Macron package of reforms in 2014 and 2015 as a modest — very modest, and it says something about French politics that they had to be forced through by decree — step in toward deregulation. At about the same time, he left the Socialist party, before quitting the government the following year amid speculation about the independent presidential run that duly came to be.
Current polling suggests that Macron will beat Le Pen by a 60–40 margin on May 7, a margin comfortable enough to reinforce the establishment narrative that the French elections, like the Dutch and Austrian elections that preceded them, are evidence that Europe’s populist wave has crested. But 40 percent would still be a very high number for a candidate with the baggage of Marine Le Pen, who managed to conjure up the ghost of Vichy just a couple of weeks ago. The only other occasion on which the National Front reached the second round of a French presidential election was in 2002. Then, its candidate, Marine’s father Jean-Marie, took just 17.8 percent of the total.
There’s another problem for the tale of populist retreat: Between Le Pen’s share of the first-round vote (roughly 21.5 percent) and that of Jean-Luc Mélenchon, left-wing maniac and standard-bearer of France Unbowed (about 19.5 percent), four out of ten first-round ballots were cast for champions of the hard right and left. At 23.9 percent, Macron came out ahead of both of them, but not that far ahead. As establishment triumphs go, this looks a touch thin, even more so after you remember that neither of the two main parties managed to get their man into the final round. Former prime minister François Fillon, of the center-right Republicans, had looked at one point to be a strong challenger, but his campaign was dragged down by scandal. He is under criminal investigation, as is his wife, so the fact that he still managed to reach nearly 20 percent of the vote gives a hint of what might have been. As for the official candidate of the Socialist Party, poor Benoît Hamon, he was eclipsed by Macron and left with barely more than 6 percent of the vote.
So what now? Le Pen will press on, as candidates described as far right so often do, with a mix of policies from both ends of the political spectrum, a mix that has not harmed her blue-collar appeal. Her tough line on immigration and Islamic extremism is accompanied by a somewhat protectionist economic platform designed to appeal to those who have found themselves struggling to keep up. This blend runs through into Le Pen’s Euroskepticism, driven from the right by nationalism and from the left by her suspicion of the EU’s attachment to what is, by French standards, an over-fondness for the free market. Oh yes, she’d also pull France out of NATO.
When Macron (who has been endorsed by Fillon and Hamon, but not, interestingly, by Mélenchon, who has said he won’t be endorsing anybody) wins in the second round — and he will — the next hurdle he’ll face is the parliamentary elections in June. No one knows how his fledgling party, En Marche! (echoes of Jeb!) will fare, but assuming that coattails and a honeymoon work their magic, enough of his team may make it into the National Assembly to form the nucleus of some sort of centrist coalition. But putting that together is still likely to involve horse trading of a type that won’t make it easy to build even on the meager reformist achievements of the Loi Macron, let alone address the mess in which France — statist, sclerotic, and stuck with the Euro — now finds itself.
Away from the economy, Macron appears to believe that there is not that much that can be done about mass immigration (climate change is, he explains — of course he does — one of its causes). This is not something that appears to worry him much, and it’s not only National Front voters who will find his lack of concern off-putting. As for doing a better job of integrating France’s Muslim minority, it’s far from clear that Macron has anything new to offer. The same may hold true of terrorism. “This imponderable, this threat,” Macron explained after the Champs-Élysées shootings, “will be a fact of daily life in the coming years.”
France’s next presidential election isn’t until 2022, but Marine Le Pen — or someone like her — will be waiting, and that wait may not be in vain.
— Andrew Stuttaford is a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Thus ends the first round of the two-step French presidential election. Beating the expectations of pollsters, centrist Emmanuel Macron eked out a win over Marine Le Pen. The two will now go head-to-head in a winner-take-all runoff on May 7.
With François Fillon (the GOP-equivalent candidate) now defeated, American conservatives might wonder who to support. After all, Macron is a former member of France’s current socialist government, and Le Pen is avowedly pro-Trump.
The answer: Macron.
First off, Macron’s economic policies are the more conservative. Like Trump, Le Pen supports protectionism and robust protections for the entitlement state, but she also wants expanded welfare benefits, a reduction in France’s already unaffordable retirement age, and the retention of a 35-hour working week. Le Pen claims she will pay for all this with efficiency savings. Good luck. But that’s just the start. Le Pen’s National Front party also wants import tariffs to protect lethargic French industries from competition.
This is socialism. It would mean higher living costs for families, ballooning deficit spending, and more barriers to first-time employment for younger workers. Conversely, Macron has promised reforms to encourage entrepreneurial risk taking and to unshackle private-sector businesses from France’s constricting labor laws. Put simply, Macron is the candidate of economic opportunity; Le Pen is the candidate of special interests. Millennial conservatives have particular reason to support the former, in the sense that their futures depend on creative destruction born of fields such as those in the sharing industry.
Second, where Le Pen fetishizes national division, Macron speaks of patriotism joined to opportunity. Even as words alone, this is a political narrative that France desperately needs. As Andrew Hussey explains in his 2014 book, The French Intifada, many young French Muslims feel that their citizenry exists on paper only — that when it comes to education, opportunity, and respect, their country has no interest in them. American conservatives should be alarmed by that sentiment. The glory of American patriotism is its combination of shared opportunity and personal responsibility. Indeed, American Muslims’ patriotism is proof that Le Pen is wrong. It shows that where expectations are matched to opportunity, nationalism can be inclusive.
There’s a broader ideological issue in play here. As I wrote yesterday in the Washington Examiner, Le Pen’s obsession with identity politics galvanizes her base but alienates everyone else. Some American conservatives think that Le Pen’s beliefs are similar to Trump’s, but they’re not. Where Trumpism consists of chameleon political expediency, Le Pen-ism is grounded in the purity of sectarian anger. Trump flirts with sectarian rhetoric, but he corrals it to themes of crime, employment, and trade. Le Pen’s identity politics run far deeper. Her speeches are webbed together by a thinly veiled disgust for French citizens of colonial ancestry. It’s a telling differential between Trump and Le Pen. Where candidate Trump pledged to increase social mobility for American minorities, Le Pen uses minorities as a whipping horse to pleasure her base. Earlier this month, Le Pen promised to transfer government funds away from what she described as drug-addled, crime-ridden suburbs and toward rural areas. Regardless, her tone is always clear: The young Muslim men of Clichy-sous-Bois, where riots seized international headlines in 2005, are to be reproached. The empowered pure offer national salvation.
This is not to say that France does not need to crack down on criminality and terrorism. It does — urgently. But confronting terrorists and organized crime gangs won’t do much good if the means of doing so drive future generations into those same endeavors.
Finally, when it comes to U.S. security interests, Le Pen might as well be an American adversary. Yes, she wants to leave the bureaucratic and illiberal European Union. But Le Pen also wants to abandon NATO and cozy up to President Putin. Hers is a pathetic mix of Gaullism and appeasement. Don’t believe me? Read her policy platform and look at this photo.
Macron, however, pledges to improve France’s security and intelligence apparatus. Expect, for example, increased French special-operations deployments alongside U.S. military forces. He has also shown admirable courage in condemning Putin’s harassment. If American conservatives truly care about human freedom and the basic rule of law, their support for Macron must be a given.
This isn’t a complex choice. Neither Le Pen nor Macron is a true conservative, but the latter is far closer to conservatism than the former is. Without Lafayette and France, the United States would probably have died in its infancy. Our close ally deserve better than Le Pen.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review Online, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group, and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. E-mail him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
In two statements in August 2014, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah claimed that the Islamic State was a threat to the region. “The danger does not recognize Shiites, Sunnis, Christians, or Druze, Yazidis, Arabs, or Kurds,” he said. “This monster is growing and getting bigger.” He argued that ISIS threatened the Arab monarchies stretching from Jordan to the Gulf. Then he revealed the real goal of his Iranian-backed Hezbollah movement. “Going to fight in Syria was, in the first degree, to defend Lebanon, the resistance in Lebanon and all Lebanese.”
Since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war, Iran, Hezbollah, and the various Shia militias in Iraq that make up the Hashd al-Shaabi are riding a wave of victories. Never before have Iran’s proxies, extremist militias, had such legitimacy and power in some areas, while in others they play a polarizing role.
To fight Iranian influence, some have argued, ISIS and other jihadists should be encouraged to fight a war of attrition against Hezbollah and its allies. “In Syria, Trump should let ISIS be Assad’s Iran’s, Hezbollah’s, and Russia’s headache — the same way we encouraged the mujahedeen fighters to bleed Russia in Afghanistan,” columnist Thomas Friedman wrote in the New York Times on April 12. Friedman was the Times’s Beirut bureau chief in 1982 and was posted to Jerusalem later in the 1980s. He was familiar with the initial rise of Hezbollah and with U.S. policy in Afghanistan, where America spent hundreds of millions aiding fighters resisting the Soviets.
Efraim Inbar of the Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies argued in August 2016 that “the destruction of Islamic State is a strategic mistake.” It would be best to “keep bad actors focused on one another rather than on Western targets and hamper Iran’s quest for regional hegemony,” he explained. In this theory, like the one Friedman later advanced, Hezbollah was being “seriously taxed by the fight against ISIS.”
From a moral perspective, ISIS must be defeated in Iraq and Syria because of its crimes against humanity, particularly its massacre of Yazidis, a religious minority, in 2014, and its selling 5,000 women into slavery. Those who argue that nonetheless ISIS should be left to “bleed” Iran and contend that this strategy is pragmatic, based on U.S. or Western “interests.”
The problem is that there is no evidence that ISIS has “bled” Iran, the Syrian regime, Hezbollah, or Shia militias any more than it has advanced Tehran’s interests. Before ISIS attacked Iraq in 2014, the Baghdad government still had to pretend to curry favor with Sunnis. After ISIS arrived, Shia Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani issued his famous fatwa calling on all Iraqis to defend their country. Tens of thousands flocked to the Hashd al-Shaabi, or Popular Mobilization Units. In December 2016, they became an official arm of the Iraqi security forces.
As Iraq has battled ISIS, Qasem Soleimani, the commander of the Quds Force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, has been a frequent visitor to the front lines: ISIS didn’t weaken Iranian influence in Iraq, it put it on steroids. Before ISIS, Iran would never have been able to create a Shia militia coalition and make it an official part of the government. Its militias were seen as sectarian extremists. Now on the battlefields around Mosul, as I witnessed in a visit there in early April, the Shia flags fly everywhere, and they pose as liberators.
Similarly in Lebanon: On the arrival of pockets of ISIS on the border in 2014, Nasrallah, a turban-wearing blowhard who runs an extremist religious militia, spoke of “barbarians” at the gate. Hezbollah leveraged the crises with Syria and the supposed threat from jihadists to hold the presidency of Lebanon hostage for more than two years until it maneuvered Michael Aoun into power in 2016. Lebanon’s sectarian constitution requires that the country’s leader be a Christian, but Nasrallah wanted a Hezbollah-allied Christian. Fighting ISIS and other jihadists in Syria allows him to pose as a “defender” of Christians and minority communities in Lebanon. He continues to claim that Hezbollah is “resisting” Israel by fighting in Syria. How is that? Nasrallah claims that Israel supports ISIS.
The extremism of ISIS has discredited the Syrian rebellion. Prior to the arrival of ISIS and the beheading of Steven Sotloff and James Foley, the world’s attention was focused on the brutality of Bashar al-Assad. After August 2014, the U.S.-led coalition of 68 nations was busy bombing ISIS. The claim that letting ISIS off the hook would have somehow “bled” Assad is incorrect. In 2014, ISIS concentrated its war against Kurds in Syria and Iraq and rarely posed a threat to the Assad regime. That was threated by the Syrian rebels. The regime identified the rebels as ISIS and al-Qaeda, monsters. ISIS didn’t counterweight Assad. It provided him legitimacy, as “the lesser of two evils.”
Supporting religious extremists, as the U.S. did in Afghanistan in the 1990s, is not a counterweight to other extremists. The struggle against Iranian hegemony must be waged alongside other pro-Western or allied administrations such as Israel, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and the Kurdistan Regional Government in Iraq. Supporting jihadists leads to instability. It doesn’t countervail Iran.
— Seth J. Frantzman is a researcher, a Jerusalem-based journalist, and an op-ed editor of the Jerusalem Post.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: The following is an excerpt from Laura Kipnis’s new book, Unwanted Advances: Sexual Paranoia Comes to Campus. It is reprinted here with permission.
Lately I’ve been thinking that future generations will look back on the recent upheavals in sexual culture on American campuses and see officially sanctioned hysteria. They’ll wonder how supposedly rational people could have succumbed so easily to collective paranoia, just as we look back on previous such outbreaks (Salem, McCarthyism, the Satanic ritual abuse preschool trials of the 1980s) with condescension and bemusement. They’ll wonder how the federal government got into the moral panic business, tossing constitutional rights out the window in an ill-conceived effort to protect women students from a rapidly growing catalogue of sexual bogeymen. They’ll wonder why anyone would have described any of this as feminism when it’s so blatantly paternalistic, or as “political correctness” when sexual paranoia doesn’t have any predictable political valence. (Neither does sexual hypocrisy.) Restoring the most fettered versions of traditional femininity through the back door is backlash, not progress.
I didn’t mean to stumble into the middle of all of this, and I hope that doesn’t sound disingenuous. Sure, I like stirring up trouble — as a writer, that is — but believe me, I’m nobody’s idea of an activist, quite the reverse. Despite being a left-wing feminist, something in me hates a slogan, even well-intentioned ones like “rape culture.” Worse, I tend to be ironic — I like irony; it helps you think because it gives you critical distance on a thing. Irony doesn’t sit very well in the current climate, especially when it comes to irony about the current climate. Critical distance itself is out of fashion — not exactly a plus when it comes to intellectual life (or education itself). Feelings are what’s in fashion. I’m all for feelings; I’m a standard-issue female, after all. But this cult of feeling has an authoritarian underbelly: Feelings can’t be questioned or probed, even while furnishing the rationale for sweeping new policies, which can’t be questioned or probed either. (I speak from experience here). The result is that higher education has been so radically transformed that the place is almost unrecognizable.
There are plenty of transformations I’d applaud: more diversity in enrollments and hiring; need-blind admissions; progress toward gender equity. But personally, I dislike being told what I can and can’t say. Beyond that, there are pretty important freedoms at stake that are worth fighting to preserve. Hence this book, which I suspect is going to test the limits of what can and can’t be said about the sexual and intellectual situation on campus and beyond at the present moment. If this sounds like activism, well, I’ve been driven to it — entirely against my own nature — which shows how bizarre it’s gotten in higher education these days.
When I first heard, in March 2015, that students at the university where I teach had staged a protest march over an essay I’d written about sexual paranoia in academe, and that they were carrying mattresses and pillows, I was a bit nonplussed. For one thing, mattresses had become a symbol of student-on-student sexual assault — a Columbia University student became known as “mattress girl” after spending a year dragging a mattress around campus in a performance-art piece meant to protest the university’s ruling in a sexual-assault complaint she’d filed against a fellow student — whereas I’d been talking about the new consensual-relations codes prohibiting professor–student dating. I suppose I knew the essay would be controversial — the whole point of writing it was to say things I believed were true (and suspected a lot of other people thought were true), but weren’t being said for fear of repercussions. Still, I’d been writing as a feminist. And I hadn’t sexually assaulted anyone. The whole thing seemed incoherent.
According to our student newspaper, the mattress carriers on my campus were marching to the university president’s office with a petition demanding “a swift, official condemnation” of my article. One student said she’d had a “very visceral reaction” to it; another called it “terrifying.” I’d argued that the new codes infantilized students and ramped up the climate of accusation, while vastly increasing the power of university administrators over all our lives, and here were students demanding to be protected by university higher-ups from the affront to someone’s ideas — which seemed to prove my point.
The president announced that he’d consider the petition.
In retrospect, maybe it was shortsighted, but I hadn’t actually thought about students reading the essay when I wrote it — who knew students read The Chronicle of Higher Education? I’d thought I was writing for other professors and administrators. Despite the petition, I assumed that academic freedom would prevail — for one thing, I’m tenured (thank god) at a research university. Also, I sensed that students weren’t going to come off well in the court of public opinion, which proved to be the case. Marching against a published article wasn’t a good optic — it smacked of book burning, something Americans generally oppose, while conveniently illustrating my observation in the essay that students’ assertions of vulnerability have been getting awfully aggressive in the past few years. Indeed, I was getting a lot of love on social media from all ends of the political spectrum, though one of the anti-PC brigade did e-mail to tell me that, as a leftist, I should realize that these students were my own evil spawn. Yes, I was spending more time online than I should have.
— Laura Kipnis is a professor of media studies at Northwestern University.
READ MORE:
Feminist Professors & Campus PC Culture



ARTICLE
There was a song: “Mem’ries light the corners of my mind. Misty water-colored mem’ries of the way we were.” I have been thinking lately about the way we were.
Remember when we knocked President Obama for spending so much time on the golf course? Not all of us did, but many of us did. Donald Trump, for example, was unrelenting in his criticism.
You don’t hear that anymore. Conservatives don’t knock the president for spending so much time on the golf course.
We used to tote up Obama’s travel — how much it cost to go to Martha’s Vineyard, Hawaii, etc. Remember the trip that Mrs. O. took, with one of her daughters, to the Costa del Sol? Man, we howled about that. Taxpayer dollars.
Anyway, Trump is set to spend more in a year on travel than the Obamas spent in eight.
Remember how we counted up the times Obama said “I” and “me” in a speech? That was fun. It was kind of a conservative pastime. We don’t do that anymore.
It’s natural to cut your guy slack while cutting none to the other guy. But there ought to be a limit — or a recognition.
Talking about Afghanistan the other day, Trump said, “What I do is, I authorize my military.” “My military”? What would we have said if Obama had said that? Or if any Democratic president said it?
Pinning a Purple Heart on a soldier, Trump said, “Congratulations.” Normally, you don’t say that, when awarding a Purple Heart. What if Obama had said it? Or Joe Biden? What would the conservative media have said?
On the South Lawn of the White House, the national anthem began, and Mrs. Trump and son Barron put their hand over their heart. Mrs. Trump nudged the president to do the same, so he did it, quick-like.
I mean, I don’t give a rat’s behind. But what if this had been the Obamas?
During the campaign, Trump said that anyone asking for immunity was obviously guilty. Michael Flynn said the same thing. Later, Flynn asked for immunity — with Trump’s hearty approval.
Okay. But what if this had been Democrats?
The slack the Right cuts for Trump goes for his men. Take Sean Spicer. His words about Hitler, chemical weapons, the Holocaust, and so on were awfully convoluted. Embarrassing. Okay. Everyone makes mistakes.
He repeatedly mispronounced the name of the Syrian dictator. Okay. Everyone makes mistakes.
But what if this were a Democratic spokesman? Would we be indulgent? Or would we say that this fellow, however well-meaning, was unfit to speak for the White House on the world and national stages?
Appearing on a talk-radio show, Attorney General Sessions said, “I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the president of the United States from what appears to be clearly his statutory and constitutional power.”
Hang on, Jeff, does it appear to be his power or is it clearly his power?
Anyway, the allusion to Hawaii. Okay. No problem. But if a Democratic attorney general spoke this way, about a judge in Hawaii he didn’t like? I can imagine Republicans talking about Pearl Harbor. The sneak attack. The more than 2,000 dead. The terrible sacrifice. The war.
See what I mean?
Also, we used to talk about class warfare — I mean, against it. And against the politics of envy. And the politics of grievance. Also, we used to talk up character, as indispensable in leadership. Virtue was the rage.
Those were the days …
Hypocrisy in human beings is as normal as lust. You can no more stamp it out than you can stamp out crabgrass. You’d have a much easier time with crabgrass. But, now and then, we should pause to acknowledge what we’re doing, and not doing. We should hear the dogs not barking …
… about golf, travel, “I” and “me,” etc.
I was looking at Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent, and Kid Rock in the White House. What a trio! Striking poses in front of Hillary’s portrait and so on. I flashed back to the Clinton ’90s.
Two showbiz women, Markie Post and Linda Thomason, were jumping on the bed in the Lincoln Bedroom. A photo circulated. Man, did we hate it. You have no idea what a big deal this was (to us)!
There is a man named Peter Ford, who was a British diplomat. Among his posts was Syria: He was ambassador from 2003 to 2006. He is not to be confused with the American ambassador, Robert Ford, who was there from 2010 to 2014.
Peter Ford, the Brit, has been going on television to defend the Assad regime — and it turns out he’s in the pay of Fawaz Akhras. For a news story, go here.
Who’s Akhras? Father-in-law to Bashar Assad, the Syrian dictator. Who’s his daughter? Oh, let me tell you about Asma — the Syrian first lady, so to speak. I learned a bit about her when writing my study of the sons and daughters of dictators: Children of Monsters.
She was one of the most beautiful young women in London. Hell, she’s one of the most beautiful women you’ll ever see. She was born there — London — to Syrian parents: dad a cardiologist, mom a retired diplomat. (Like Peter Ford!)
Growing up in England, Asma was known as Emma. Nice English name. Austen name. She went to King’s College London, majoring in computer science. Then she went to work in investment banking: Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan.
Bashar was doing his residency in London. He was an ophthalmologist. He was never meant to be dictator, remember: That was his older brother, Bassel. Bashar was just a shy eye doctor. Bassel was the one — made for it, out of Central Casting. But he died in a car accident. And the old man, Hafez, summoned Bashar from London to be groomed.
When Bashar assumed power, Asma was 24. She moved to her ancestral land, Syria, to marry him and be first lady.
I could say more, but maybe that’s enough. There’s more in the book. And none of this is as important as the mass murder in Syria (though it is related).
Stay in the Arab world: Saudi Arabia has been named to the women’s-rights commission of the U.N. Yup. As Hillel Neuer, executive director of UN Watch, says, it’s like naming an arsonist to be the town fire chief.
In my history of the Nobel Peace Prize, there’s a chapter on the U.N., which, in 1999, shared the prize with Kofi Annan, who was then secretary-general of that body. Here’s a tidbit: Iran was named to the women’s-rights commission. And Iran is as bad in this regard as Saudi Arabia.
Here’s another tidbit: North Korea chaired a disarmament conference. Really? Really.
Hang on, I just checked: Iran is still a member of the women’s-rights commission. Figures.
In Russia, Vladimir Putin gives an annual press conference, in late December. At the most recent, he was asked about polls in America — showing that a substantial number of Republicans sympathized with him.
Part of his answer went like this:
“It is good that there are people who sympathize with our views on traditional values, because this forms a good foundation on which to build relations between two such powerful countries as Russia and the United States.”
I thought of this when the news came that the Russian government had banned the Jehovah’s Witnesses. They were persecuted by the Soviets. Now they are dealing with Putin. Their 400 churches in Russia are to be “liquidated” — seriously, the official word from Russian officialdom. Liquidated.
I don’t know what Putin means exactly by “traditional values.” But one traditional value in America is the freedom of religion.
Care for a little language? A friend wrote me to point something out about a White House press release. It said, “Aboard Air Force One: En Route Kenosha, Wisconsin.” My friend wanted to know: What did I think about the absence of “to”?
I think you need “to”: en route to here, en route from there. “En route” means “on the way.”
In recent years, golf announcers have taken to saying “Jones and Smith are tied fourth.” Not tied for fourth but “tied fourth.” “Last week, Jones finished tied eighth.”
I dislike it, but it’s here to stay, I’m afraid, at least for a long while.
How about “to graduate high school”? “I graduated high school in ’65.” It’s an American idiom. I don’t use it. But I regard it as one of our idioms.
A little music? For a post at The New Criterion on Anne Schwanewilms, the German soprano, who sang a recital in New York, go here.
Close with a little sports? Okay. For years, Jim Leyland was my favorite manager in baseball. He managed my team, the Detroit Tigers — but I think I would have loved him regardless. I loved, for example, what he said to the press. His homespun and honest comments.
I think my new favorite manager is Terry Francona, of our hated rivals the Cleveland Indians. I just love how he conducts himself. And what he says.
Couple weeks back, we Tigers accused the Indians of stealing our signs. Francona was asked about that. He gave a long, thoughtful answer, which concluded, “I’m just happy when our guys get our signs — and I’m being serious about that.”
I suspect he was. Thanks, dear readers, and see you.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Only a decade ago, France’s two traditional major parties — the conservative Republicans and the Socialists — won 57 percent of the vote between them in the first round of the country’s presidential elections. On Sunday, both parties together won less than half that — only 26 percent. Emmanuel Macron, the 39-year-old independent who placed first in this year’s round, declared that the nation had “discarded” the two once-dominant parties.
Now France will have two weeks of ferocious fighting between the two finalists — Macron and the populist National Front leader Marine Le Pen. Supporters of Le Pen note that her 22 percent of the vote was a significant improvement over past National Front showings and predict that a rising tide of disgust against “arrogant elites” will carry her to victory in the May 7 runoff. Indeed, she did make clear that she offered “a fundamental choice” between French sovereignty and what she called the “forces of globalization and open borders.” By contrast, Macron spoke in vague terms about how he stood for French “patriotism” rather than “anti-European nationalism.”
No one doubts that Le Pen will add to her support in the second round. But those who believe that she can duplicate the success of Donald Trump and win a surprise victory have to look at basic math. Trump trailed Hillary Clinton only narrowly in Election Day polls. The successful campaign to have Britain leave the European Union also trailed by only a small margin. But in a runoff with Macron, the populist Le Pen trails by an average of more than 20 percentage points. Campaigns can change minds, and polls can be off, but the surge of support Le Pen would need to win on May 7 would be unprecedented.
The reason that Le Pen probably has a ceiling is simple. François Fillon, the conservative who came in third in the first round, with 20 percent, put it simply when he advised his backers to vote for Macron on May 7. “The National Front’s history is marked by violence and ignorance,” he said. “Extremism can only bring unhappiness and division to France. There is no other choice than to vote against the far right.”
Only two months ago, Fillon himself was seen as the front-runner for the presidency. An admirer of Margaret Thatcher, he campaigned on free-market themes and promised to reduce the size of the state while still keeping France in the European Union. Philip Turle of Radio France Internationale noted that for the first time in decades, France was receptive to tough messages on security and economic reform.
Then it was revealed that Fillon had hired family members to be his aides in parliament and lied about the work they had done. Even though he found himself under formal investigation for corruption, he refused to leave the race.
Many of his supporters drifted to Macron. Although he served as a minister in the government of outgoing Socialist president François Hollande, Macron has promised to remove some of the shackles holding back French innovation and economic growth. Nonetheless, many Fillon supporters are loath to back Macron in the runoff. The clear favorite of media and political elites, Macron has never been elected to office and so has no track record of keeping promises.
But for many Fillon supporters, Le Pen’s call for an almost total ban on immigration is unrealistic, and her economic views echo left-wing calls for bigger public pensions, protection of the bloated civil service, and more government spending on a variety of programs. “Le Pen asks some of the right questions but still has many of the wrong answers,” Justine Le Blanc, a French lawyer who largely agrees with the National Front on immigration but thinks the party’s views overly simplistic, told me.
Regardless of which outsider wins the French presidency, neither will find governing easy. Macron’s En Marche (Forward) party didn’t exist even a year ago, and it’s unclear whether it will be able to elect many candidates in the parliamentary elections scheduled for June. Le Pen would in all likelihood face a parliament dominated by the traditional parties and leaning to the center-right, and it could stand in the way of her plans to hold a referendum on France’s future in Europe.
If Macron wins, which seems likely, European Union leaders will breathe a sigh of relief. But the forces that have roiled Britain and the U.S. in the last year aren’t going away. If France doesn’t engage in real reform of its economy and improve its assimilation policies for immigrants, populists of both the Left and the Right will continue to gain strength and will force a new confrontation with the nation’s establishment — sooner rather than later.
— John Fund is NRO’s national-affairs correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
In his first annual message to Congress, John Quincy Adams, among the most experienced and intellectually formidable presidents, warned leaders against giving the impression that “we are palsied by the will of our constituents.” In this regard, if in no other, the 45th president resembles the sixth.
Donald Trump’s “Oh, never mind” presidency was produced by voters stung by the contempt they detected directed toward them by the upper crust. Their insurrection has been rewarded by Trump’s swift shedding of campaign commitments, a repudiation so comprehensive and cavalier that he disdains disguising his disdain for his gulled supporters.
The notion that NATO is obsolete? That China is a currency manipulator? That he would eschew humanitarian interventions featuring high explosives? That the Export-Import Bank is mischievous? That Obamacare would be gone “on Day One”? That 11.5 million illegal immigrants would be gone in two years (almost 480,000 a month)? That the national debt would be gone in eight years (reducing about $2.4 trillion a year)? About these and other vows from the man whose supporters said “he tells it like it is,” he now tells them: Never mind.
The president, whose almost Sicilian sense of clan imparts new meaning to the familiar phrase “family values,” embraces daughter Ivanka’s belief that America suffers from an insufficiency of entitlements, a defect she (and he, judging from his address to a joint session of Congress) would rectify with paid family leave. Her brother Eric has said (to Britain’s Daily Telegraph) that he is “sure” that 59 cruise missiles flew because Ivanka said to her father about Syria using chemical weapons, “Listen, this is horrible stuff.”
Although a senior Trump adviser, Stephen Miller, has stipulated that presidential powers to protect the nation “will not be questioned,” still they persist, those impertinent questioners. They do because when candidate Trump’s open-mic-night-at-the-improv rhetoric of quarter-baked promises and vows is carried over into the presidency and foreign policy, there are consequences, especially when his imprecision infects his subordinates.
One cannot erase with an “Oh, never mind” shrug Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s statement that the “message” foreign leaders should take from the Syrian attack is “if you violate international norms, if you violate international agreements, if you fail to live up to commitments, if you become a threat to others, at some point a response is likely to be undertaken.” It is not true that the United States will respond, other than rhetorically, to all crossings of those four red lines. If, as Tillerson says, America is committed to “holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world,” America is going to need a much bigger military than even the president’s proposed $54 billion increase in defense spending would purchase.
If the attack on Syria was intended to buttress an international norm and enforce an international agreement concerning chemical weapons, it was not clarifying for press secretary Sean Spicer to say that you will see a presidential “response” if someone uses chemical weapons or “a barrel bomb.” This is a nasty but conventional munition that turns scrap metal into shrapnel.
In foreign policy, the nature of an action is a function of what the actor says about it. So, the attack on Syria was either cathartic — a one-off spasm of (understandable) indignation — or it was a “message” of unclear content to unspecified addressees.
Perhaps the message was that America is not (in Richard Nixon’s words explaining the 1970 invasion of Cambodia) “a pitiful, helpless giant,” or that (in Ronald Reagan’s 1984 words) “America is back, standing tall.” Eliot Cohen, former counselor of the State Department (2007–2009) and currently a professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, says that the strike “was the right thing to do” and “a firm response to a loathsome crime.” But he also says:
Messages are important, whether delivered by words or missiles or words about missiles. Trump’s retreat from positions that enchanted his supporters is a matter mostly between him and them. How he addresses the world, however, will reveal whether he has gone from candidate to commander in chief without becoming presidential.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece originally appeared at FT Alphaville. It is reprinted here with permission.
April 18 was tax day in America this year. On what is normally a day of lamentation, the contrarians at Slate decided to celebrate the occasion by commissioning a tax-law expert to argue that “modern Western democracy is nothing more than a byproduct of a series of tax disputes”.
This is . . . not right.
While we would never presume to explain the origins of representative government in a single blog post, we think it’s worth highlighting a few alternative theories.
Start by considering why the “tax disputes” highlighted by Professor Chodorow emerged in the first place.
In all three cases he mentions — the Magna Carta, America’s resistance to the Stamp Act and Townshend Acts, and the creation of the U.S. Constitution — the government was trying to extract more from its people to pay for increasingly destructive wars. Greater influence on future decisions would be the compensation for paying up now.
This didn’t always work. Anyone familiar with the history of the Magna Carta knows that King John had his deal revoked almost immediately — with the help of the Pope — and plunged England into civil war. The barons had to repeatedly win wars against the monarchy over the course of centuries to establish the supremacy of Parliament. Nowadays the Magna Carta is irrelevant to U.K. law as actually practiced.
American colonists, meanwhile, would have been perplexed by the claim that their capacity for self-government was a response to odious taxes. Self-government and relative independence from Britain were things they had brought with them, in various forms, in the 1600s. Many would have been unwilling to pay more tax even if they could get seats in Westminster, since they knew they would be outnumbered by the English. The revolutionaries were incensed by the perceived change in their status. They were fighting (in part) to restore traditional rights they believed they had possessed before the Seven Years War and thought had been lost.
The formation of the federal government was also primarily about war, with taxes as a means to an end. For one thing, the new structure would make it easier for some states to service the debts incurred during the War of Independence. And while delegates deliberately avoided discussing it during the Constitutional Convention itself, the desire to build a navy to fight the Barbary pirates was one of the main arguments made in favor of the creation of America’s federal government.
Britain’s response to World War I is an even better example of how popular representation was offered as payment for violent service to the state. The U.K. finally granted universal male suffrage in 1918 as a concession to the men of the working class who were dying in France but ineligible to vote because they owned no property, nearly doubling the voting rolls. To win the support of the Empire, the British offered autonomy for the dominions as well as self-government for India. (That latter promise wasn’t meaningfully honored but it was nevertheless made.) Ireland’s independence wasn’t offered as a gift by Britain, but it was aided by the U.K.’s war-weariness.
Things don’t always work out as smoothly when the government tries to squeeze the people to pay for unpopular conflicts. Consider France. The monarchy had accumulated vast debts in its 18th-century wars with Britain. (Independent America was the primary beneficiary.) When Louis XVI called the Estates General he was hoping to raise money in exchange for sharing power. Instead he unleashed the political instability that has characterized France ever since. After the ancien régime collapsed there have been, by our count, five republics, three civilian dictatorships, two monarchies, and two military dictatorships.
Tellingly, almost half of those changes in regime (five out of twelve) can be blamed on the incumbents’ losing in battle, rather than anything having to do with taxes: Napoleon I to Charles X, Napoleon III to the Third Republic, the Third Republic to the French State, the French State to the Fourth Republic, and the Fourth Republic to the Fifth Republic.
Some of those transitions illustrate how losing wars can sometimes push unrepresentative systems into becoming more democratic. (Although in France’s case it was almost as likely for military defeat to push the government into becoming less democratic.)
The Habsburgs responded to their loss against Prussia with the liberalizing reforms of 1867, while the Russian autocracy adopted a constitution after losing to Japan in 1905. Before the Bolshevik coup, Russia briefly experimented with substantially greater reforms after its losses in 1917 against Germany. America’s voting age was lowered from 21 to 18 during the height of the Vietnam War. In all these cases, the issue wasn’t taxation, but the need to restore legitimacy through the guarantee of rights and the extension of the franchise.
Of course, war is far from the only motivator for making the government more representative.
Cisleithania, the non-Hungarian half of the Habsburg Empire after 1867, gradually broadened the franchise while eliminating preferences for property-owners in an effort to build a common imperial identity and thwart ethno-nationalism. By 1907 all men had an equal right to vote. Universal male suffrage was built into the North German Confederation back in 1867, arguably as a form of nation-building by Bismarck to bind the smaller German states to Prussia, and continued throughout the history of the German Empire.
Meiji Japan adopted elements of the British and Prussian constitutions because they represented modernity, while Taisho Japan granted universal male suffrage in 1925 because regular Japanese concluded they deserved it. The American civil-rights movement and women’s-suffrage movements globally were driven by (often religious) idealism about equality. South Korea transitioned from a military dictatorship to a Western-style republic in the late 1980s because there was no longer a perceived need for an authoritarian regime to promote economic development. Pinochet’s dictatorship was designed to be transitional, and his rule ended because he honored a deal to hold a referendum in 1988.
But these examples are far too modern. Self-government goes back at least as far as the ancient Greeks, who would consider every modern state an unaccountable oligarchy — even without the unreasonable imposition of having to pay direct taxes.
Being a full citizen, to them, meant the right to vote and debate policy in the assembly. This was considered the other side of the obligation to fight in defense of your city. Delegating the power and the responsibility to others would signal you weren’t a full member of the community.
Ancient Greek infantry (hoplites) were expected to buy their own bronze armor and weapons. That limited political participation to men who could afford it. Aristotle argued this explained the preponderance of oligarchies, since most Greek cities were based on land.
He also argued, however, that cities such as ancient Athens, which were naval powers, would be more likely to eschew property qualifications and therefore be true democracies. After all, triremes were manned by large crews of urban poor (thetes). Trireme crews were paid for their service and the democracies were known for paying poor citizens to participate in the assembly and serve on juries.
The rights enjoyed by these citizens did not come about from their tax status. Greeks notoriously resisted direct taxation, which is partly why hoplites were expected to buy their own armor. Athens’s largesse to its thetes was paid for not by impositions on richer Athenians but with “tribute” collected by members of the Delian League in exchange for protection from the Persians. (Foreigners living abroad, as it were, although non-citizens resident in Athens also paid taxes.)
Scholars think the first direct tax on Athenian citizens was only leveled several years after the start of the great Peloponnesian War, in 427 BCE. Despite continued struggles fighting the war, the tax was discontinued shortly thereafter. Athenians would find it bizarre to characterize their system as the product of tax disputes, rather than the wisdom of Solon and the bravery of the citizens who rose up against Peisistratus.
One last point. Chodorow closes his odd argument with the famous quip that “taxes are the price we pay for civilization.” The line is typically attributed to Oliver Wendell Holmes, who wrote that “taxes are what we pay for civilized society” in 1927.
(Holmes commonly gets the citation because he was quoted by Franklin Roosevelt in 1936, although American variants of the theme go back at least as far as 1848. Those earlier passages are usually more explicit that taxes pay for police, courts, and the military. As far as we know, Holmes is not arguing that sterilizing government spending with taxes can help curtail inflation, which also threatens the social order.)
Alphaville checked what Americans paid in tax rates back in 1927.
According to the Bureau of Internal Revenue, the predecessor of today’s Internal Revenue Service, the average individual income-tax rate was just 3.7 percent ($830 million out of $22.5 billion). But this overstates things, since there were only 4 million tax returns filed in a year when America’s population was 119 million. The effective corporate income tax rate was somewhat higher, at about 12.5 percent ($1.1 billion out of $9 billion). Combine the two together and you end up with a total of around $2 billion in federal income taxes paid.
For perspective, nominal gross domestic product was worth about $105 billion in 1929. Shave a little bit off that to estimate NGDP for 1927, add in federal tariffs on imports and state and local taxes on goods and property, and you still end up with a total tax take of around 5 percent of output, probably a bit less. Today in America the total tax burden is a little more than 26 percent. The average among countries in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development is currently above 34 percent.
We would agree with Chodorow and Holmes that free societies require some monetary support from the citizenry. But it’s ridiculous to justify current levels of taxation with ahistorical claims about the origins of democracy and with quotes from people who lived in radically different eras.
— Matthew C. Klein is a columnist for FT Alphaville.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The tenth edition of the Rich States, Poor States: ALEC-Laffer State Economic Competitiveness Index has just been released, and once again, Utah was found to have the best economic outlook of any state in the nation. The rankings are based on 15 equally-weighted economic policy variables, including tax rates, labor policy, and regulatory climate. They continue to show that states valuing economic freedom and competitiveness outperform states adhering to the tax-and-spend model, with state economic policies having a substantial effect on where businesses and individuals choose to set up shop.
Taxes matter for economic competitiveness. People and businesses often seek out lower tax burdens across state lines. Rich States, Poor States data shows states that keep taxes low, avoid job-killing over-regulation, and follow prudent budget practices consistently and significantly outperform their highly taxed, over-regulated counterparts. Shown below are the top- and bottom-ten states in terms of economic outlook for 2017. Over the past decade, two states have made the top ten in the rankings every single year: Utah and Wyoming. In fact, after enacting tax cuts, a flat tax, and pension reforms, Utah has earned the top spot in all ten editions of Rich States, Poor States — a truly impressive accomplishment. On the other side of the spectrum, New York and Vermont have managed to land in the bottom ten each of the past ten years.
This year, several states earned their best all time rankings in Rich States, Poor States. After enacting right-to-work legislation and aggressively cutting tax rates, Indiana, which sat at 24th as recently as 2012, claimed the second-best economic outlook in the nation this year. Texas and New Hampshire both also saw significant improvement in the 2017 rankings, earning their best marks to date.
By examining state-by-state migration trends, it is easy to see which states are enacting pro-growth policies. After all, Americans have shown that they are willing to “vote with their feet” for better economic opportunities even if it means leaving their home state. The top-ten states in the 2017 rankings have gained more than 3.75 million residents in the past decade. The bottom-ten states, meanwhile, have lost more than 3.78 million residents over the same period. In addition to experiencing a mass exodus of residents, states with oppressively high tax rates such as New York, Illinois, and California have lost vast economic opportunities and vast amounts of wealth. Job growth over the last ten years was nearly three times higher in the top ten states than it was in the bottom ten.
When state governments enact bad policy, individuals and corporations react rationally, working less, investing less, or moving to a more business-friendly state altogether. Growth-oriented states routinely prioritize core services in their budgets while minimizing the tax burden on residents. Poorly ranked states in the Index consistently stifle growth with higher taxes and increased regulation.
Of course, tax and fiscal policies are not the only predictors of economic growth. Demographics, climate, natural resources, and other geographic amenities remain important factors in state economic growth as well. But even adjusting for these other factors, states that embrace sound economic policies vastly outperform those that don’t. Coastal California may enjoy a better climate in its ten-day forecast than Texas for much of the year, but economic growth and migration patterns strongly suggest that the Lone Star State has a brighter future than the Golden State.
While free markets and low taxes enable resources to flow in a productive manner to meet the demands of consumers, markets distorted by government through cronyism, taxes, and regulation create lower output and stifle investment. In Rich States, Poor States, the 50 “laboratories of democracy” give us clear examples of this every year. Freedom works, and the Index proves it.
— Jonathan Williams is the chief economist and vice president of the American Legislative Exchange Council’s Center for State Fiscal Reform.



ARTICLE
According to an article in the social-justice blog Everyday Feminism, being “physically average” is now another “privileged class.”
In an article titled “3 Unfair Ways Being Perceived as Physically Average Privileges and Protects You,” Rebecca Lays explains that although the social-justice movement frequently discusses the privilege of the “idealized images we see in media,” “it’s not often that we unpack the concept of ‘average’ when it comes to physical appearance.”
“The more ‘physically average’ I look, the more privilege I hold, and the easier it is for me to live in my community,” Lays writes.
In the first section, titled “The World Around You Was Designed for Your Body to Easily Access It,” Lays explains that people who are “physically average” get to do great things like “fit into seats on public transport.” And in another section, titled “A Variety of Products and Media Cater Specifically to Your Diverse Needs,” Lays talks about how truly privileged she is to be able to “easily find things in non-specialty shops that are branded ‘nude,’ which pretty much accurately represents [her] skin tone.”
The rest of her piece centers around the idea that “‘physically average’ looking people are not something to be shocked by when they go about their normal life.”
“They can go to the beach, wear a swimsuit, go for a run, eat a salad or a giant plate of chips, and it’s not something that incurs mocking, praise or shame,” she writes.
“Being physically average means I’m almost never singled out for ‘security purposes,’” she continues. “Even though I spend the majority of my time outside my house pushing a double stroller – in which I could hide all sorts of things, even though in reality it’s stuffed with snacks, wet wipes, and nappies.”
Pretty convincing stuff. Or, at least Lays thinks so, because she ends her piece by recommending an article on “privilege guilt.” But do you know what? I read the whole thing, and I still don’t feel guilty about being able to fit into a seat on the subway.
Now, I’m not denying that there are issues with profiling that absolutely do lead to certain people being singled out for extra security purposes. (Although, to be fair, I’m also pretty sure that having your baby stroller raided for drugs is probably not something that happens to anyone, unless she’s, like, walking around in dirty Looney Tunes pajamas and screaming at voices that aren’t there.)
But profiling isn’t really what Lays’s piece is about. It’s about being an “average” person, and the idea that we should be considering “average” people to be a privileged class — which is insane. Average people aren’t “privileged,” they’re average. Are there certain things you don’t have to deal with because you look like everyone else? Sure. We’re all different, and all of our differences come with their own unique positives and negatives. Some people might not fit into a subway seat as easily as I do, but those same people can probably push their way onto the train during rush hour much easier than I can. Should we start writing pieces about “Rush-Hour-Push-and-Shove-Privilege”? I hope I didn’t just give anyone at Everyday Feminism any ideas.
What’s more, in some of Lays’s examples, “privilege” really is in the eye of the beholder. For example: Yes, being “physically average” does mean that you don’t draw as much attention in public. But is that always a good thing? Sometimes, it’s much better to have people paying attention. If I were to eat a “giant plate of chips,” I would definitely prefer people to throw some “shame” my way. That’s just too many damn chips, and I wouldn’t consider anyone who would let me do that without telling me it was disgusting to be a friend who truly cared about my well being or my stomach.
There are benefits to fitting in. There are also benefits to standing out. It’s great to count and think about your blessings, but believe it or not, it’s totally possible to do that without making it about identity politics.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter at National Review Online. 
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
When the Trump administration acknowledged this past week that Iran is currently in compliance with the nuclear deal concluded by its predecessor, the response from its critics was predictable. Obama administration veterans smirked and liberals guffawed at what they saw as yet another Trump flip-flop. The government led by the man who had damned the nuclear agreement as the worst negotiation in history was, they said, accepting that Obama’s gamble had worked.
Trump has done some 180-degree reversals on policy, but this isn’t one of them. Those who focus on Iranian compliance are missing the big picture about both the consequences of the nuclear deal and the chances for reversing the colossal mistake Obama made with Iran. As Trump and his foreign-policy team are realizing, the issue isn’t so much whether the letter of a deal that will expire within a decade is observed as it is what role Iran is playing in the region while its economy recovers and its nuclear program remains a long-term problem. The threatening talk from Washington isn’t a flimsy cover for a flip-flop. It’s a recognition that the Iranian threat was actually exacerbated by Obama’s gambit.
The argument from liberals about Trump’s stand on Iran rests on the assumption that if Tehran isn’t cheating, that proves it could be trusted to refrain from building nuclear weapons. If so, that justifies the decision to lift international sanctions and begin the process of reintegrating the Islamic republic into the global economy. Such a conclusion would give the lie to Republican campaign rhetoric. It would also mean subsequent statements from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson denouncing Iranian actions and Trump’s claim at a press conference with the visiting Italian prime minister that Iran wasn’t complying with the “spirit” of the deal was just more empty talk that proved Republicans were wrong about the deal and prepared to tamely let Obama’s signature foreign-policy achievement stand.
It’s not surprising that Iran is complying with the deal. Contrary to President Obama’s promises, the pact let Iran keep its nuclear infrastructure — including its most advanced equipment — and allowed it to keep enriching uranium. As even Obama was forced to acknowledge, Iran could still break out to create a weapon. If it doesn’t choose to do so now, it’s because it has already received the benefits from the pact — including renewed trade with Europe and a vast amount of cash in the frozen assets it has already been given — and can simply wait until it expires and then have the freedom to get a bomb while claiming — with justice — that the West has implicitly sanctioned that outcome. All Obama accomplished after years of negotiation and a steady stream of concessions is a piece of paper that, at best, kicks the nuclear can down the road, leaving his successors a problem without the leverage the 44th president abandoned in his desire to get a deal at any price.
More importantly, as Trump, Tillerson, and Secretary of Defense James Mattis deal with other pressing problems, they’re beginning to realize the implications of Obama’s decision to decouple the nuclear question from other concerns about Iran’s behavior.
It was Obama’s State Department that, as late as 2016, continued to label Iran as the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Its blatant violation of United Nations resolutions restricting its right to build and test ballistic missiles — which have little utility without nuclear warheads — as well as its military adventures in Syria and Yemen have created a situation in which, without the economic sanctions that Obama lifted, there is nothing to deter Tehran from pursuing its long-range goal of regional hegemony. Even if Iranian compliance with the nuclear deal is unquestioned, what Trump and his advisers are grasping is that their objectives of defeating ISIS and promoting peace between Israel and the Palestinians will have little or no chance of success in an environment where Iran feels it can act with impunity.
This presents the Trump administration with an almost impossible dilemma.
No matter how flimsy the restrictions on Tehran’s program may be in the long run, Trump can’t tear up an agreement that is technically working. Nor has he much leverage to renegotiate, since America’s European allies, as well as Russia and China, won’t cooperate with such an effort and the Iranians have already been paid in full.
Just as important, Trump has a more pressing nuclear problem to deal with in North Korea. As that mad regime — which already has the nuclear weapons Iran seeks — conducts dangerous provocations, the administration badly needs the help of allies who have little interest in revisiting the pact signed in 2015. Seen in that light, Trump’s talk about Iran could be interpreted as simply blowing smoke on an issue that he knows he can’t resolve to America’s satisfaction. But rather than proving the impotence of Trump’s rhetoric, the confrontation with North Korea shows exactly why he shouldn’t shelve efforts to rethink Iran policy. North Korea’s success over the past two decades in deflecting Western and even Chinese efforts to prevent them from achieving their nuclear goal provides a daunting example of the inevitable result of attempts to buy off or appease rogue states.
But as high as the stakes are with North Korea, Washington’s problem with Iran shouldn’t be underestimated. North Korea can potentially set off a nuclear war if its unstable leader is willing to risk the survival of the communist state. Iran’s ability to throw its weight around in Syria, where its forces have, with Russian help, already secured the victory of the Assad regime in the civil war, makes it far more dangerous than it was when Obama began the nuclear talks. Tehran’s well-armed Hezbollah auxiliaries and its ties to radical Palestinian factions also give it a potential veto over any progress toward peace with Israel, despite Trump’s hopes that Sunni Arab states like Saudi Arabia could broker an agreement. Tehran’s strength will only grow as its economy recovers from the sanctions Obama lifted and as the day grows nearer when the nuclear pact will expire.
So when Trump and Tillerson say that in spite of Iran’s technical compliance with Obama’s pact, they intend to ratchet up pressure on Tehran, they are not merely attempting to distract us from an agreement they won’t tear up. Nor, despite the difficulties, are they without the ability to inflict pain on Iran.
The Iranians received a massive windfall in unfrozen assets and the gold rush for foreign businesses seeking to profit from the end of sanctions. But thanks to the refusal of a Republican Congress to repeal U.S. laws that impose penalties on entities doing business with Iran, the benefits of the deal have not been as great as Tehran hoped. That gives Trump the chance to make it even harder on Europeans looking for opportunities in Tehran. Moreover, Trump can help reshape the conversation about Iran by doing what Obama lacked the will to do: speak openly about Iran’s terror and missile violations and show a willingness to impose further penalties.
As is also true of the situations with North Korea and Syria and the impasse with the Palestinians, Trump is learning that there are no easy answers to the challenge posed by Iran. Rather than being a flip-flop, if the administration now understands that the problem is much bigger than a weak nuclear deal, that is the first step toward crafting a policy that seeks to make sense of the mess Obama left.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is the opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributing writer for National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter at: @jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There was a time in America, not too long ago, when most people, including journalists, business leaders, politicians, and scholars, were full-throated advocates of technologically powered productivity growth. They understood that through mechanization, automation, and other forms of innovation, we can produce more, better, and cheaper goods and services, and have higher incomes. It was understood that some workers might lose their jobs after we figured out how to do them more efficiently, but most Americans believed, to quote Star Trek’s Mr. Spock, that “the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.”
Those days are gone, though. Current opinion now routinely echoes the mythical 19th-century machine destroyer Ned Ludd, warning in a growing avalanche of books, academic theses, market forecasts, and op-eds that technology is leading us to a world of mass unemployment, that it is creating a newly idle lumpenproletariat, and that we had better put in place a universal basic income (UBI), under which the state cuts a check to everyone, regardless of their income or work status, if we are to have any hope of avoiding mass unrest.
This kind of worry, verging on “robophobia,” represents a remarkable reversal from a long period in American history — stretching from the 1890s to the early 1970s — when most Americans sang the praises of technology as an engine of progress that not only raised our living standards but also made America great. Exultantly titled books such as Triumphs and Wonders of the 19th Century, The Marvels of Modern Mechanism, Our Wonderful Progress, and Modern Wonder Workers were common. When Henry Adams viewed the huge dynamo for producing electricity at the 1900 Great Exhibition in Paris, he wrote (in the third person) of his reaction:
Harvard economist Benjamin Anderson spoke for many when he wrote 40 years later that “on no account, must we retard or interfere with the most rapid utilization of new inventions.” And it wasn’t just defenders of capitalism who saw technology as a progressive force. Socialists did too, as when Jack London praised automation, proclaiming, “Let us not destroy these wonderful machines that produce efficiently and cheaply. Let us control them. Let us profit by their efficiency and cheapness. Let us run them by ourselves. That, gentlemen, is socialism.”
These days, Harvard economists are as likely as not to worry that automation is hurting too many people. Larry Summers wrote in the Financial Times that “it is widely feared that half the jobs in the economy might be eliminated by innovations such as self-driving vehicles, automatic checkout machines and expert systems that trade securities more effectively than humans can.” Summers, a macroeconomist who has in the past expressed faith in the Fed’s ability to achieve near-full employment, now believes that one-third of men between the ages of 25 and 54 could be unemployed because of technology by midcentury.
Such voices have been growing louder in recent decades. Artificial-intelligence scientist Nils Nilsson was in the advance guard when he warned in 1984 that “we must convince our leaders that they should give up the notion of ‘full employment.’ . . . The pace of technological change is accelerating.” But what’s different today is that such thinking has become a common, widely repeated narrative, greatly amplified by a supercharged media landscape and a packed calendar of “thought leader” events. You cannot attend Davos, a G20 summit, or a TED talk without being told that the pace of technological change is accelerating and the days of “work” as we know it are numbered.
Klaus Schwab, head of the World Economic Forum, predicts that robotics and artificial intelligence will destroy 5 million jobs by 2020. Paul Krugman warns that “highly educated workers are as likely as less educated workers to find themselves displaced.” The Economist, a publication that once served as a voice of restraint, says “brain work may be going the way of manual work.” And if that’s not bad enough, Martin Ford, author of the New York Times best-seller The Rise of the Robots, warns of 75 percent unemployment by 2100. But why settle for 75 percent? Silicon Valley gadfly Vivek Wadhwa tells us that 80 to 90 percent of jobs will be eliminated in just the next ten to 15 years.
The job-destroying technological leviathan is so unrelenting and all-powerful that even sex workers are being warned that they could find themselves on the UBI dole as robots outperform the most seductive prostitutes. As computer-science professor Moshe Vardi writes, “Are you going to bet against sex robots? I’m not.”
Most of these predictions cite one of three studies in particular: one by Oxford researchers Michael A. Osborne and Carl Benedikt Frey, who warn that 47 percent of U.S. jobs could be eliminated in 20 years; another by the McKinsey Global Institute, which contains the often-repeated assertion that 45 percent of jobs will be automated; and a third by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), which predicts that 38 percent of U.S. jobs could potentially be eliminated by 2030.
Let’s begin by recognizing that much of what sounds scary may actually be quite minor. For instance, Klaus Schwab finds that robots and AI are poised to eliminate 5 million jobs in 15 major developed and emerging economies by 2020 — which amounts to just 1.25 percent of the total jobs in those economies.
And what about the Oxford and McKinsey numbers? Surely they should put the fear of robots in us, right? Well, the McKinsey study actually says that less than 5 percent of jobs can be fully automated. The 45 percent figure comes from the share of employee time that technology could save. For example, IBM’s Watson cognitive-computing system could help doctors make faster and better medical diagnoses, and 20 percent of a typical CEO’s time could be replaced by technology such as artificial intelligence. McKinsey doesn’t think doctors and CEOs will be put out of work by technology, only that the nature of their work will change, and they will be able to use their time to do more interesting work and more productive things.
As for the Oxford study? Well, it is just plain wrong. The authors of this non-peer-reviewed study didn’t actually examine all 702 different occupations in their survey and assess in each case how likely technology was to substitute for a human worker. Instead, they took a shortcut: They relied on task measures from the U.S. Department of Labor that assessed occupations based on various factors, such as how much manual dexterity and social perceptiveness an occupation requires. If their calculated risk index was above a certain arbitrary figure, the job was assumed to be headed for elimination.
The only problem is that their methodology produces nonsense. How exactly are robots going to send fashion models, manicurists and pedicurists, carpet installers, and barbers the way of the buggy-whip maker, as they suggest? Versace is not going dress up a sexy robot in a $3,000 dress and parade “her” down the runway, nor will we inhabit a Jetsons world where you sit down in the robot chair and get your hair cut automatically. When the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, of which I am president, analyzed these 702 occupations manually, using a very generous assumption about how technology could eliminate jobs, we estimated that at most about 10 percent of jobs were at risk of automation. Instead of fretting about technology killing jobs, we should be worrying about how we are going to raise productivity-growth rates, which have been at all-time lows over the last decade.
As for the PwC study, it relies in part on the same flawed Oxford methodology, and its prediction is based on the assumption that the price of “robots” will fall significantly and their functionality will improve dramatically. Both of these are uncertain bets, to say the least.
One reason why so many pundits overestimate the impact that technology will have on work is probably that few are really familiar with what goes on in many occupations. They think: How hard can it be for a robot to install carpets? As someone who has actually installed carpets, I can tell you that the movements and subtle adjustments that are involved amount to a prohibitively hard math problem, not a task that even the most expensive advanced robot could be designed to do with any reliability.
This comfortable distance from the work that many other people do informs another aspect of their thinking. For most elites, work is interesting and satisfying, not to mention well paid. But for most Americans, work is hard, tiring, often boring, and sometimes dangerous. Take truck driving, the occupation many pundits are desperate to protect from the menace of self-driving trucks. Sure, some drivers enjoy the work, including being their own boss out on the open road. But being a long-haul trucker is not a great job by any means. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, truck drivers had a workplace fatal-injury rate seven times as high as the overall workplace average, and a non-fatal-injury rate three times as high. And given their extended periods on the road, most long-haul truckers spend way too much time away from their family and friends.
One study found: “Truck driving is, without a doubt, one of the most brutal jobs a person can do. Across the board, long-haul truckers have higher rates of obesity, diabetes, anxiety, depression, cardiovascular disease, divorce, and drug use than the average American.” According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, truck driving is among the top five professions in the country for suicide rates. And if the stressful working conditions are not bad enough, the average annual income of $40,260 is 17 percent below the national median for all jobs. No wonder there is a truck-driver shortage.
Yet many people think that showing sympathy for blue-collar workers who may lose their jobs requires opposing, or at least questioning, the benefits of self-driving trucks. Andy Stern, former head of the Service Employees International Union, warns that “there will be disruption in different places. You can imagine people ringing state capitals with their trucks.” Former New York Times technology reporter John Markoff weighed the pros and cons of AI-enabled autonomous vehicles: “More than 34,000 people died in 2013 in the United States in automobile accidents, and 2.36 million were injured. Balance that against the 3.8 million people who earned a living by driving commercially in the United States in 2012.”
Balance? What’s there to balance? Autonomous vehicles will save more than $1 trillion a year, much of that due to significantly reduced traffic accidents, and those savings will go directly into higher living standards for Americans. That, plus the benefits from saving tens of thousands of lives yearly, is simply not comparable to the costs to truck drivers, most of whom would take a few months to find a different and probably equal or better job. This situation is likely to be quite different from the manufacturing-job loss over the last two decades resulting from trade and technology. Manufacturing wages were higher than average, so on average a displaced worker’s new job would be worse. Trucking wages are lower than average, so truck drivers could probably get a job that pays at least as much, particularly as the reduction in trucking costs frees up money that will be spent on other activities, creating other jobs. (For example, truck mechanics make 15 percent more than truckers.)
An additional reason for the focus on truckers and other workers who supposedly face the automation axe is that commentators want to divert blame for job loss away from globalization. For them it is an article of faith that technology, not trade, has decimated blue-collar manufacturing jobs. Never mind that foreign mercantilist trade practices, not computers, were responsible for more than half the manufacturing jobs lost in the 2000s. Likewise, these critics are loath to concede that the big spike in low-skilled immigration over the last two decades could have something to do with the contemporaneous stagnation in business investment in new machines. As Maya Kosoff wrote in Vanity Fair, “Robots, not foreigners, are the top long-term threat to employment and wages.” Never mind that when labor is dirt cheap, installing automation, such as machines to harvest crops, makes much less economic sense.
Another reason for growing robophobia is that many believe today’s rate of technological progress is unprecedented. With authors tripping over themselves to devise titles conveying the biggest transformation, we have books such as The Singularity Is Near, The Second Machine Age, The Third Wave, The Fourth Industrial Revolution, and The Fifth Technology Revolution. There will even be Infinite Progress — a blissful state of harmony in which “the Internet and technology will end ignorance, disease, poverty, hunger, and war” — which, don’t get me wrong, sounds great, except that they won’t. For these dystopian utopians, it all comes down to exponential progress powered by “Moore’s law,” which predicts the doubling of computer power every two years. Enthusiasts breathlessly tell us we are only a few more of these doublings away from techno-transformation.
But the truth is that instead of accelerating, progress in computing speed is slowing, and the number of transistors one can buy for a dollar is actually falling. Like Woody Allen turning to Marshall McLuhan in Annie Hall, I can’t resist quoting Gordon Moore himself, who says his law “can’t continue forever. The nature of exponentials is that you push them out and eventually disaster happens.”
But the robophobes are not deterred. Technology marches on, they say, driven by disruptive Silicon Valley nerds and greedy capitalists interested only in maximizing their profits, both insensitive to the pain and hardship they will be sowing along the way. Thankfully, robophobes have a plan to save us from this horrible, more productive and more prosperous future. The United Nations Committee on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) proposes to advance trade and development by calling for “a major tax on robots,” as does Bill Gates, who recently argued that “right now, if a human worker does, say, $50,000 worth of work in a factory, that income is taxed. . . . If a robot comes in to do the same thing, you’d think that we’d tax the robot at a similar level.” Even economists who should know better, such as Yale professor Robert Shiller, have fallen prey: Shiller argues that robots are like alcohol, something harmful that society should tax so that we will consume less of it. Economists have a term for such fuzzy thinking: they call it “the lump-of-labor fallacy”: the view that there is only a fixed amount of work to be done in the economy, and once a job is gone, no others are created.
But when companies started using typewriters on a wide scale at the turn of the 20th century, which made secretaries more efficient, no one called on the feds to impose a typewriter tax to compensate for the lost taxes from unemployed secretaries. That’s because there were no unemployed secretaries. The higher productivity from those typewriters meant lower prices for the goods and services sold by companies using them, and consumers used the resulting savings to buy more goods and services, which created more new jobs to replace the secretarial positions that were no longer needed. That is why, over the last century, there has always been a negative, not positive, relationship between productivity growth and unemployment rates. In other words, higher productivity meant lower unemployment as it spurred more spending and more rational exuberance. The future will be no different, unless we smash the machines.
UNCTAD, Gates, Shiller, and other worry-warts are so concerned with the well-being of workers that they forget the well-being of consumers, who can buy more goods and services when companies use technology to improve productivity. Yet for many people today, the last thing they would ever want is for a worker to lose his job. Saying that this might be in the service of American progress is somehow tantamount to saying you support randomized euthanasia. If we want to “save” jobs by stopping innovation, then why not get rid of technology altogether and bring back old jobs, as Washington Post business columnist Allan Sloan would have us do? Sloan actually urges Trump to pressure companies to scrap self-checkout kiosks in stores so we can bring back cashier jobs. He cites New Jersey as the perfect model, because it is one of two states where it is still illegal for consumers to pump their own gas. We all know what a great job pumping gas is, especially if you don’t mind the health hazards from breathing benzene fumes all day.
Sloan writes that if Trump used the bully pulpit to cow retailers into techno-submission, “we’d keep cashiers working instead of having to live in poverty or go on welfare or file for disability.” (Never mind that the median wage of cashiers is just 37 percent higher than the poverty level for a family of two, so they are not far from poverty to begin with.) Sloan goes on to note that this would be great because “we’d all win.” Really? Since when do we all win by lowering productivity and slowing GDP growth? Sloan and his fellow travelers call to mind the government officials Milton Friedman met while visiting a developing Asian country where a canal was being built in the 1960s. Friedman was surprised to see that instead of using tractors and earth movers, the workers had shovels. When he asked why there were so few machines, the government bureaucrat explained: “You don’t understand. This is a jobs program.” To which Friedman replied: “Oh, I thought you were trying to build a canal. If it’s jobs you want, then you should give these workers spoons, not shovels.”
To save workers from this modern-day bulldozer fate, many now call for Congress to establish a universal basic income. But this would lead to the very thing the robophobes warn us technology will bring: large-scale unemployment, with people’s spending diverted from job-creating consumption to the support of the permanently unemployed.
To be sure, the alternative should not be a call for the Hobbesian, dog-eat-dog world of the 1800s, where, if you lost your job, you were completely on your own. We can and should do a better job of providing temporary income support for workers who lose their jobs through no fault of their own (how about expanding unemployment insurance but having the benefits decline every week, so that workers have stronger incentives to get back into the work force?), and we should establish a better system of lifelong learning and retraining (how about tax-exempt “Lifelong Learning” accounts, akin to IRAs and 401K plans, to which both workers and employers could contribute?).
If the elites really want to help low-wage workers, they can start by once again becoming full-throated advocates of technology-led automation and productivity growth, coupled with stricter limits on low-skilled immigration and better labor-market-adjustment policies for workers displaced by productivity improvements. That, rather than robophobia, will help everyone get ahead.
– Robert D. Atkinson is the president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. This piece appears in the April 17, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
House Republicans are reportedly ready to return any day now to health-insurance reform after the spectacular failure in late March of the American Health Care Act, the resoundingly unpopular bill to “replace” the long-unpopular and misnamed Affordable Care Act. This time, they need to deliver: After seven years of promises to repeal Obamacare root and branch, the party can’t go back to the voters with nothing more than a participation trophy.
It won’t be easy, and it may be agonizingly slow, but the Democrats didn’t get Obamacare passed overnight: They spent 40 years battling to pass a universal-health-insurance scheme, and the ACA passed only in March of Barack Obama’s second year in office, after several false starts, much arm-twisting, and the death of a key Senate supporter (Ted Kennedy) who was replaced by a Republican opponent of the bill. Going home empty-handed would be an admission that Republican politicians just don’t care as much about stopping big government as Democrats care about implementing it — a suspicion already all too common among the party’s voters.
Having failed the first time, Republicans should take the opportunity to change their approach, rather than just tinker with the details of the bill. In the process, they should consider learning some of the lessons of why Obamacare was so unpopular for so long, and why the voters and Republican congressmen rebelled against the AHCA as well. And they may have to resort to drastic measures to bring Democrats to the negotiating table.
Lesson #1: Value Modesty and Experience
The essential element of conservatism, more than any fixed principle or ideology, is experience. Conservatives believe in democracy, free markets, federalism, tradition, and the rule of written law for the same basic reason: These are all ways to bring the practical experience of the largest possible number of people to bear on the making of important decisions, rather than leave big decisions in the hands of a few unaccountable “experts.” And one of the important ways to demonstrate a decent respect for all these values is to take the world as it is – not as we might like it to be – and show some modesty about what we can accomplish in changing it, especially by the action of big, complicated government programs.
Modesty means recognizing that nobody in Washington is smart enough to design a better health-insurance system on his own. The best system is one that is relatively simple, doesn’t try to do everything at once, and leaves the largest possible amount of power in the hands of individual consumers, and the power of experimentation in the hands of all 50 states. A system that is designed to solve all today’s problems for all time — even if it succeeded — would cast in stone an inability to respond to tomorrow’s problems until they reach crisis proportions.
Complexity also has its own costs: Complex programs are hard to explain to the voters, their effects are harder to project and measure, they require citizens and companies to hire expensive lawyers to explain, they can more easily be derailed by a legal challenge to one part of the program, and having a blizzard of interlocking rules makes it hard to fix one problem without having to revisit the entire contraption. And bills that try to do everything are harder to pass, because the more things they try to do, the more people in Congress find at least one thing they need to oppose. Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
We saw all of these play out in Obamacare, from Nancy Pelosi’s frustrated insistence that “we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it” to the messy drafting errors that led to the King v. Burwell Supreme Court case, to the weirdly staggered implementation of the system to satisfy the Congressional Budget Office, to Democrats’ complaints that the Supreme Court unsettled their plans by striking down part of the Medicaid expansion, to the profusion of rules that had to be waived or delayed during implementation.
Now, boldness is an important virtue in politics, and sometimes it is required for Republicans; think of Reagan’s tax cuts, defense buildup, and Star Wars, or Rudy Giuliani’s aggressive steps to clean up New York, or Scott Walker’s breaking the back of public-sector-union liberalism in Wisconsin. But political boldness does not require policy hubris. Fundamentally, people generally don’t vote for Republicans to change the world; they tend to vote for Republicans to stop Democrats from getting drunk on Utopianism. George W. Bush, for example, was elected to cut taxes back to pre-Clinton levels, restore the military, and pursue education reforms; the voters supported his taking of more drastic national-security steps when events demanded them, but they ultimately soured on Iraq in large part owing to the perception that Bush was spending American lives in pursuit of an overly ambitious agenda rather than a strictly necessary war. Paul Ryan should not want to repeat that political dynamic.
A major reason Americans rebelled against Obamacare from the very beginning was its combination of ambition, novelty, and complexity. Most Americans understood only a fraction of how the law was supposed to work, but they knew that it was a thousand-plus-page paper blob designed to affect the health care of every American, creating lots of new rules and bureaucracy, spending colossal amounts of money, and launching us into uncharted waters.
This was a disastrous misreading of the popular mood in 2009, which was very much open to taking a sledgehammer to the task of radically reworking the financial sector — after the 2008 financial crisis – but not health care. Most people were reasonably happy with their health insurance. Had Obama pursued a more modest strategy of gradually expanding Medicaid and passing a series of individual liberal-leaning reforms, he would probably have retained a lot more political capital, gained more Republican votes for individual bills, and reduced the carnage that down-ticket Democrats suffered at the polls in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Moreover, health care is far from the only area in which voters (especially Republican-leaning voters) have rebelled against massive, thousand-page “comprehensive” do-everything bills: From immigration to Dodd-Frank to the stimulus, voters tend to see complex legislation as neither honest nor competent. It’s not honest, because complicated laws are more likely to be infested with lobbyist-driven special-interest-group giveaways. And it’s not competent, because nobody trusts the “experts” in Washington to have all the answers.
All of this is why Republicans should not hitch their wagon to any single, comprehensive bill, nor should they promise the voters a “Republican health-care plan.” Instead, they should seek to roll out a series of improvements to the health-insurance system, each with its own voting coalitions.
That conclusion is supported by two observations. One, many parts of the AHCA were more popular than the bill itself, so the odds of passage — and sustainable entrenchment over time — increase as votes are broken into pieces. And two, the entire dynamic of each party seeking to pass party-line total overhauls of the system is bad for the system and bad for Republicans and conservatives, neither of which groups is truly comfortable having gigantic fights over health-care issues every two to four years. It’s all well and good to declare “to the victors go the spoils” and refuse to deal with the Democrats. On taxes, for example, that’s a reasonable approach to take; Republicans can ram through whatever tax policy they like, and so can Democrats. But durable legislation isn’t passed in our system solely on party lines — that was the folly of Obamacare in the first place.
Republicans probably benefit from escalating the periodic stakes over taxes, judges, and national security, three areas of perennial interest to their voter base. But health care is rarely a winning issue for the party. The goal should be not only to move policy in a conservative direction, but to fragment the issue legislatively and geographically so that future national elections are not inevitably referenda on two competing “comprehensive” visions.
Lesson #2: American Voters Dislike Collectivism More Than They Dislike Free Stuff
If Republicans should take a more modest approach to fixing our system of paying for health care, what should that look like? Here, conservatives and liberals alike have to face up to some realities that neither group likes, and that the ACA, the AHCA, and the proposed “MacArthur Amendment” all ignore. For liberals, it’s this: Americans don’t like collectivism. Bearing in mind that all health insurance is just a means of paying for health care through an intermediary, Obamacare was aimed at a world with three groups of people:
A targeted solution would have been to increase funding to subsidize coverage for Group C, and to provide assistance to partially cover Group B, who can pay for some but not all of their health-care needs. Instead, Obamacare sought to restructure the entire health-insurance market to compel Group A to subsidize, through higher premiums, Group B, in addition to paying higher taxes to support Group C. That’s the point of the entire edifice of “guaranteed issue” (requiring insurers to take all comers, no matter how sick) and “community rating” (barring the insurers from charging people for what they are actually likely to cost). That set off a daisy chain of rules designed to bury these costs through regulations of the insurers, back-door bailouts of the insurers, and mandates that everybody buy insurance. Americans, accustomed to supporting themselves first and then others through taxes and charity — and having been sold a flagrant lie that they could keep their own plans — were understandably angry at this conscription of their own health insurance into an Obama social-engineering project. There remains no good reason to think that any of it is actually doing more good than harm. Most studies find that nearly all the increases in actual coverage are owing to the expansion of Medicaid and/or the marketing campaigns to enroll people who were already eligible for Medicaid.
But the bad news for conservatives is the flip side: A lot of people, many of them now Republican voters, depend on government subsidies (via Medicaid or otherwise) to cover their health insurance. Republican deregulatory policies can reduce some of the costs of insurance, by eliminating barriers to interstate competition, reducing tort liabilities, converting “essential benefits” mandates into disclosure requirements, etc. But they can’t, any time soon, solve the basic problem, which is pervasive in education and health-care debates these days: The costs have spiraled so far out of the reach of ordinary middle-income people that they’ve despaired of paying for them from their own earnings. And even if they could, it would take time to resolve the political reality of finding new insurance for the people who are currently on the Obamacare dole, who will need to be grandfathered to allow them to stay on the current system for some time.
Republican efforts to continue Obamacare’s forest of regulatory mandates are self-defeating, and ignore the gratitude the party can earn from Group A by getting the whole apparatus off their backs. And a system that mandates “universal” coverage should never be wholly accepted by Republicans (not that coverage under Obamacare has been universal, anyway). But any path forward, to be politically viable, will probably require Republicans to swallow hard and continue having the federal government lay out more money than we would like, for longer than we would like, to subsidize health insurance one way or another for Groups B and C.
Lesson #3: Rules Matter; Power Matters More
So, how do we get there from where we are today? That’s where both the partisan political realities and the legislative rules come into play.
The problems Republicans face in trying to do anything on health insurance are that (1) one of the cardinal rules of Washington is that, while voters frequently vote for just about anything that looks like change, the political system, including the whole charade of CBO scores, is stacked in favor of keeping things the way they are; (2) specifically, the procedural rules constrict Republican power to force through many changes without Democratic votes; and (3) Democrats currently see no incentive at all to cooperate with repealing any of Obamacare and are eager to force Republicans to take sole ownership of any replacement.
On the second point, to understand legislative strategy, you must first understand legislative procedure. There are a series of procedural problems presented by the so-called “Byrd Rule,” which Yuval Levin explains here, and which precludes the Republican Senate majority from ramming through everything it would like without 60 votes — despite the fact that Obamacare was passed by the very 51-vote reconciliation procedure that now stands in Republicans’ way.
Can Republicans just ignore the Byrd Rule? In theory, they could limit or abolish the legislative filibuster, but that’s a drastic step with a lot of future downsides. And they can’t just unilaterally change the Byrd Rule itself, which derives from a statute (the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974, the father of the modern, out-of-control budget system) rather than just from Senate rules. In the Senate, even a single senator can raise Byrd Rule objections to any individual item in the bill, obtaining rulings from the Senate parliamentarian that can be overruled only by . . . 60 senators. Worse, even if violations of the Byrd Rule make it past the Senate, their statutory origin means that, at least in theory, they could be challenged in court.
Despite the desirability of policy modesty, therefore, Republicans may need to be politically bold to break the deadlock. That means they should consider a game-changer that would have been wiser to try from Day One: a straight up-or-down vote on repealing Obamacare first, putting it on a path to expire at the end of 2018 with or without a replacement. Doing so would put Republicans who have voted repeatedly for repeal in past years to a test of their sincerity. It would radically alter the incentives of all the political actors in the system. It would dramatically reduce procedural and, potentially, litigation risks. And it would create the space to forge new, potentially bipartisan agreements on individual, more modest elements of the health-insurance system instead of insisting on a single party-line “comprehensive” system. The result might not be a system that conservatives love, but it would stand a better chance of enactment and positive policy progress in the short term and greater long-term stability for the system.
Republicans’ immediate problem right now seems to be intra-GOP division on a comprehensive bill. But that diagnosis carries two implicit assumptions: that health-care legislation can never be bipartisan, and that a replacement needs to be a comprehensive program. But it’s procedurally impossible, under current conditions, to do both — in fact, even the AHCA was supposed to be passed in two stages (plus a third stage of new executive regulations), precisely because the parts of the bill that need 60 votes in the Senate (and therefore need Democratic support) have to be separated from the parts that need only 51 — and Speaker Paul Ryan never had an apparent strategy to get those votes.
By contrast, a repeal-first strategy would change the game and might even let Congress break the partisan gridlock on health care. The Byrd Rule means that Democrats have the power, if they stand united, to make it impossible to pass a single, comprehensive Republican health-care proposal. But it doesn’t give the Democrats the power to prevent Republicans from repealing and defunding so much of Obamacare that it is no longer a viable option. If Republicans do that, they can bring a significant number of Democrats to the table. Once the current system has been scrapped, nobody who wants the government to pay for health care or regulate health insurance could afford to stay on the sidelines. By burning the ships behind them, Ryan, Trump, and Mitch McConnell could — paradoxically — create more incentives for bipartisan de-escalation and compromise.
If the rules stand in the way of a modest policy solution, Republicans will have to rely on power to overcome them, just as the Democrats did. But they can do so with the ultimate objective of passing solutions that are not radical or comprehensive, but flexible, bipartisan, and designed to be something other than a final answer.
Lesson #4: Go to War with the Team You Have
The final lesson Republicans have to internalize is that they need to go to war with the team they have. Their caucus on Capitol Hill remains fractious in both houses, and their electoral coalition now includes a fair number of people who won’t stand for just getting the government completely out of the business of health care. But the biggest reality is Donald Trump.
A large, complex, federal-driven health-insurance solution is an incredibly ambitious public-policy initiative, and you don’t pass that through Congress (without extensive political blowback) unless you sell it to the voters. But if any Republican is up to that job, it’s not Trump.
As we’ve seen at length, Trump has his strengths as a communicator and a salesman. He’s tremendously skilled at disruptive communication: making himself the center of the conversation, changing the subject, forcing people to play on his turf. And he’s always been a genius at a particular kind of salesmanship — creating buzz and excitement, improving his personal brand and visibility, selling “the sizzle, not the steak.”
But you sell people on major changes in the law affecting their personal lives and finances by selling the steak itself. That requires sustained, disciplined communication, command of the details, and some ability to convince people that you can be trusted to have their best interests at heart. That’s just not Trump’s thing. Moreover, the various weaknesses that have kept his approval ratings under water have made it hard for him to squeeze dissenting Democrats the way Reagan did in 1981.
By contrast, a sudden and dramatic repeal is something Trump can sell: It’s a showy move that declares that Washington is going to break the gridlock and make deals. The individual deals require less-extensive salesmanship. Maybe with a different Republican president, a different strategy would be better, but all the players in today’s debate have to work with the team we have.
Most all of us have our own preferences for a better health-insurance system. But the path of conservative wisdom and political reality suggests that Republicans need to find a way to enact reforms that are incremental, modest, tested by experience, and sustainable, but also subject to modification over time. Ironically, the nature of the political process in Washington may require a bold and dramatic stroke in order to create the conditions for that kind of lawmaking. But doing so would send a powerful message that the business-as-usual of the past few decades (in which each side has sought to impose unilateral and sweeping changes by means of massive legislation) has given way to a system that looks more like how laws are supposed to be made: one step at a time.
— Dan McLaughlin is an attorney in New York City and an NRO contributing columnist.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren recently proposed the College for All Act, which promises to make public universities free for most students. A similar bill just became law in New York, and support is building for tuition-free public universities in other states as well.
Unfortunately, the senators’ proposal would hurt the very Millennials it aims to help, by reducing economic growth.
Median wages have stagnated for decades precisely because of the mismatch between the skills workers have and those businesses need. So while wages in some sectors — for example, the IT industry — continue to rise, young people without marketable skills are being left in the lurch.
This includes many college graduates. While defenders of college-for-all proposals point out that a college degree improves a graduate’s lifetime earnings in the aggregate, not all majors are created equal. According to a new paper by Jaison Abel and Richard Deitz of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, over half of graduates in many liberal-arts majors work a job they don’t need their degree for. The problem isn’t just that too many students seek a degree in an obscure subject, either; it’s that too many graduates lack the ability to think critically or write clearly. In a recent survey, only 39 percent of managers said that students were ready for the work force.
In short, colleges are producing some workers who can contribute skills the economy needs and some who are completely unprepared for the work force.
Making college free is unlikely to fix this state of affairs. For one thing, the looming specter of debt incentivizes students to pick more economically viable majors: When facing future student-loan payments, we’re more likely to major in, say, chemical engineering than in sociology. For another, when students pay their tuition, they understand that they’re going into debt in return for an opportunity, and are thus more likely to study hard and make the most of that opportunity.
Making college free, by contrast, will ensure that students graduate with fewer skills and are less prepared for the workforce. And by driving up the number of students who enroll, it will also increase the number of graduates with a specific skill set, driving down wages and increasing underemployment as more graduates chase fewer jobs in which they can use their expertise.
It should go without saying that this mismatch will only deepen our economic stagnation. When businesses can’t find the talent they need, they can’t develop new products or expand their operations. Fewer web developers means fewer apps and software programs. Meanwhile, there may be plenty of over-educated baristas, but their economic contribution is fairly small.
This stagnation hurts Millennials twice: once as job-seekers, and once as consumers who cannot benefit from innovations that aren’t created.
Attending college isn’t a bad decision when compared with doing nothing, but the opportunity cost is substantial. Millennials could be spending those years learning more marketable skills with the help of alternative educational institutions.
Coding bootcamps, which help students learn web development and programming in a few months, boost graduates’ earnings at their first post-graduation job by an average of $26,021 — more than the difference between a high-school graduate’s earnings and the earnings of many college graduates. Praxis, an entrepreneurial-apprenticeship program, delivers graduates an average salary of $50,000. Other options, such as the technology-education service Treehouse, also help customers thrive. These institutions are successful because they erase the gap between skills students have and skills businesses need. They help both their workers and the economy as a whole more than many college programs.
Unfortunately, making college free would crowd out these alternatives. When students spend four years cultivating knowledge of art history or geography, they have less time to spend at institutions that offer more tangible value.
Many commentators argue that my generation is struggling under the weight of our student loans, but the median monthly student-loan payment in 2017 is only $203. We don’t need a bailout; we need an economy that works — and free-college proposals promise to deliver the opposite.
— Julian Adorney is a Young Voices Advocate. His writing has appeared in The Freeman, Fox News’s The Nation, The Federalist, and Lawrence Reed’s anthology, Excuse Me, Professor.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
The debate over the death penalty can be infuriatingly dishonest.
Consider the April 17 broadcast of Fox News Channel’s Special Report with Bret Baier (a show on which I am an occasional commentator).
Casey Stegall reported on the legal battle in Arkansas, where officials want to execute eight death-row inmates in eleven days before their supply of midazolam expires. This is one of the drugs used to carry out lethal injections.
Stegall did his legwork. He talked to Susan Khani, the daughter of the woman murdered, execution-style, by Don Davis in 1990. She told Stegall the last quarter century has been agony for her, adding: “He is just a very cruel person. He needs to be put to death.”
Stegall then talked to the usual death-penalty opponents. First was Robert Dunham, of the Death Penalty Information Center, who said, “There is a myth that family members of murder victims will get closure out of executions. In fact, for many of the family members, that does not happen.”
So let’s start there. To say that something is a “myth” is to suggest that it is untrue. The Loch Ness Monster is a myth. Bigfoot is a myth. But on Dunham’s own terms, some family members do get closure. He didn’t say, “No family members of murder victims get closure.” He said “many,” a subjective term that could mean pretty much any number short of “most.”
Stegall then talked to Stacy Anderson, of the American Civil Liberties Union, which is concerned that we might execute the wrong person. “We know that 156 innocent people have been found on death row in the last 20 years,” she said.
Added Stegall: “The ACLU says cost is another driving force of the decline. Litigating death-penalty cases is expensive since the condemned often spend years filing appeals and lawsuits.”
This is also true. But you know what group is arguably most responsible for raising the cost of the death penalty? The American Civil Liberties Union.
The ACLU is well within its rights to clog the courts with lawsuits. But there’s something remarkably cynical about barraging the courts with often frivolous complaints that raise the costs of the death penalty, then pretending that your objection is the cost.
Indeed, Arkansas is racing to use its drugs before they expire because death-penalty opponents have worked tirelessly to make such drugs extremely difficult to obtain.
The same cynicism applies to concerns about innocent people being wrongly executed. I’m in favor of the death penalty. You know what? I’m also passionately opposed to executing the wrong person.
But Don Davis eventually admitted to murdering Jane Daniels in cold blood after breaking into her home, so objections that some other death-row inmate might be innocent have no bearing on his case.
Ironically, immediately after Stegall’s report, anchor Bret Baier announced: “A massive manhunt is under way at this hour for a suspect who police say engaged in a heinous public crime that can truly be called a sign of the times.”
The suspect was Steve Stephens, the so-called Facebook Killer, who videotaped himself admitting that he was about to murder someone randomly. He then got out of his car, walked up to 74-year-old Robert Godwin, a father of ten and grandfather of 14, and casually executed him. Stephens then posted the video on Facebook.
Stephens killed himself two days later. But say he hadn’t. Obviously, he would have gotten a trial. Let’s suppose he was found guilty and got the death penalty. We would still be subjected to all of the sleight-of-hand rhetoric about the risk of executing innocent people, the costs, etc., even though there would be zero doubt in this instance.
We’d probably also hear that the death penalty is “racist” — Stephens was black — despite the fact that Stephens’s victim was black as well. Meanwhile, Don Davis is white.
It is entirely legitimate and honorable to oppose the death penalty on principle. The problem is that this is a constitutionally ridiculous position given that the plain text of the Constitution itself allows for the death penalty in several places.
Acolytes of the “living Constitution” want to believe that nothing bad (as defined by them) can be constitutional. I don’t think the death penalty is bad, but if you want to get rid of it, amend the Constitution. Otherwise, opponents should stop pretending their real objection is something else.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */, or via Twitter @JonahNRO.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
‘We don’t have a level playing field for our workers,” President Donald Trump told a group of workers in Kenosha, Wis., on Tuesday. Truth is, if we were to ever level the playing field with countries like Mexico and China, the average American worker would be making $3 an hour and spending his pittance on Third World health care and decrepit housing. Please, don’t level the playing field.
When few things are going your way in politics, though, it’s customary to return to rhetoric that made you successful. So, as Republicans have been unable to push forward on health-care reform or tax reform — or anything not named Neil Gorsuch, for that matter — it is unsurprising that Trump would turn to protectionism as a way to bolster his political fortunes.
On Tuesday, the president traveled to a tool-manufacturing company in Wisconsin and threw some nationalistic bromides at a blue-collar crowd (none of which included the words “I’m afraid some of your jobs will be taken by robots in the future”), and then signed an executive order ordering the White House to look into ways to curb guest-worker visa programs and require government agencies to buy more goods and services from American companies.
For the past two years, over 200,000 foreigners applied for open positions each year. The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services holds a lottery and gives out 85,000 H-1B visas to high-skilled foreign workers. It’s a program that’s most popular with the tech industry, owing to a shortage of Americans trained in science and engineering. I suppose it’s a lot easier to stop talented immigrants from entering the country than to find ways to incentivize Americans to become math majors.
Over the past couple of decades, a high number of immigrants (which many H-1B visa holders become) have been part of innovations and start-ups that have created jobs for American workers. Now, even if you don’t believe immigrants add economic value, how exactly is cutting down on high-tech visas going to help rehabilitate the economically depressed areas of the nation?
Moreover, it seems telling that many of those who are concerned about illegal immigration also seem intent on lowering numbers of legal and potentially high-achieving immigrants from entering the country. The underlying message is that there is a cultural problem, not merely an economic one. “When two-thirds or three-quarters of the CEOs in Silicon Valley are from South Asia or from Asia, I think . . . ,” White House chief strategist Steve Bannon said not long ago in a jumbled explanation of economic nationalism, “a country is more than an economy. We’re a civic society.”
The second part of the order cuts down on waivers and exemptions to President Herbert Hoover’s Buy American law. It instructs agencies to use American-made goods and services rather than saving taxpayer dollars or searching out the best deals they can. This is how we incentivize rent-seeking and cronyism. Until a couple of months ago, this is what Republicans used to call “picking winners and losers.” If you thought General Motors shouldn’t be bailed out because it couldn’t compete in a global marketplace, why would you support a state-impelled “Buy American, Hire American” when it comes to steel, for example?
In a political sense, the idea of “Buy American, Hire American” is much like fighting climate change: a comforting government-prescribed solution that people embrace in theory but rarely in practice. In the protectionist’s universe, everyone with a Samsung cellphone or a Toyota Camry (both the best-selling brands in their categories) would be a traitor to the American worker. In the real world, competition allows us to buy the best products at the cheapest prices — and then buy more things with the money we save. The rules of economics don’t give us waivers for being American.
How damaging will Trump’s trade agenda be? Who knows? Despite the protestations of the Left — and its eight-year weakening of constitutional restrictions on executive power — Trump’s power has always been curbed by the realities of the job. But protectionism is one area where he could find willing partners in both parties.
Protectionism, after all, is where Trump is most comfortable and effective. It’s the issue that made him, the issue he is most coherent about, and the issue with which he has shown the most ideological affinity. Because of its political potency, it has also seen converts, not only among blue-collar Americans but also onetime free-market conservatives.
“Buy American,” an appealing and patriotic-sounding solution, is popular across ideological lines. The protectionist impulses of the progressive Left — the Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren wing — closely align with Trump once the cultural aspects are stripped away. In American politics, both parties seem to have warmed to the idea that we can regulate the country into economic growth. The biggest risk is that protectionist rhetoric will be normalized within the GOP, which means there will be two parties with significant factions embracing mercantilism. How long will it be before that kind of support manifests in truly destructive legislation?
— David Harsanyi is a senior editor of the Federalist and the author of The People Have Spoken (and They Are Wrong): The Case Against Democracy. Follow him on Twitter @davidharsanyi. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Do you have march fatigue yet? The Left apparently does not, so we’re in for some street theater on Earth Day, April 22, with the so-called March for Science.
It’s hard to think of a better way to undermine the public’s faith in science than to stage demonstrations in Washington, D.C., and around the country modeled on the Women’s March in January.
The Women’s March was an anti-Trump festival. Fine. I found it vulgar and demeaning to women, but it’s a free country.
Science, however, to be respected, must be purely the search for truth. The organizers of this “March for Science” — by acknowledging that their demonstration is modeled on the Women’s March — are contributing to the politicization of science, exactly what true upholders of science should be at pains to avoid.
When you read the organizers’ online statement, the purpose seems so utterly vacuous as to cause heads to nod:
Yeah. I know loads of people who oppose the “common good,” don’t you? So what is it really about?
As best I can make out (besides being a nice excuse to enjoy the April weather in Washington, when everything is in bloom), those planning to attend want to express dismay at President Trump’s policies on a range of subjects including climate change and the travel restrictions (which they label a “travel ban”).
On the matter of climate change, those who present themselves as champions of science, i.e. fact-based reasoning and commitment to experimental method, ought to be very careful not to blackball everyone who offers a dissenting view. Even among self-described environmentalists, there are differing views on how best to combat global warming. Whether temperatures are rising dangerously is a scientific question. What to do about it is a political question.
When you lump the “travel ban” into the march, though, you really go off the rails. As Robert Young, an ecologist, warned in the New York Times, including such matters only serves to cement the image of scientists as “an interest group” who might “politicize their data, research, and findings for their own ends.”
A true “march for science” might tackle problems like the “replication crisis” or “confirmation bias.”
It’s a vanity of the Left that they stand for science, “fact-based” policy, and sweet reason as opposed to conservatives, who support superstition, “alternative facts,” and denial. Jeffrey Anderson, an associate professor of radiology and bioengineering at the University of Utah, explained to the Times that he would fly to D.C. for the march because of what he regards as “the wholesale disregard of truth and fact by the president and his close advisers. Their devaluing evidence and the scientific method, is so extreme that I can’t be silent.”
Admittedly, this president has been reckless and heedless of the truth or falsity of his comments on a range of subjects. His endorsements of conspiracy theories about vaccines’ causing autism and climate change being a Chinese ruse to harm American companies were preposterous and worrying. But he hasn’t said those things lately, and the march doesn’t seem to have been provoked by them.
Note to the Left: The above paragraph is what sincere people who are “fact-based” and willing to be critical of their own side write. Now, where is the acknowledgment that there is plenty of hostility to science among progressives? Who objects to nuclear power (despite its potential to combat global warming)? Who rejects evidence of male/female brain differences? Who stands in the way of genetically modified organisms — but also argues that children should be hormonally and surgically modified if they say that they are of a different “gender” from the sex listed on their birth certificate?
When progressives are ready to admit that they sometimes cherry-pick the science they like and disregard the science that confounds their worldview, they will have taken a key first step toward the scientific method.
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
I appeared on The O’Reilly Factor, Fox News’s flagship evening program, hosted by the now-ousted Bill O’Reilly, in the summer of 2015. An average number of people tuned in that night — somewhere in the neighborhood of 2 million. My conservative friends, twentysomethings, many of them from reliably red states, were not tuned in. But their parents were.
That’s telling. The O’Reilly Factor, which will air its final episode on Friday, was a massively popular news show — for a decade and a half the most popular show — on America’s most-watched cable news network. But The O’Reilly Factor was not for everyone; more to the point, it was not intended to be. Bill O’Reilly’s loyal viewers were largely older, suburban or rural, middle or lower-middle class, generally white, and Republican. At the end of 2016, O’Reilly averaged 3.3 million nightly viewers, but while viewers in the key 25-to-54 demographic increased significantly from 2015 (probably an effect of the unusual election year), they still accounted for less than one-fifth of his nightly audience.
That should not come as a surprise. O’Reilly was tailor-made for a certain viewer. An Irish Catholic from working-class Long Island, born in 1949, O’Reilly was reared by a generation with warm feelings toward FDR’s New Deal economics, came of age in the 1960s and 1970s counterculture, and launched his career amid the Reagan Revolution. These were formative experiences shared by millions of Americans. Repulsed by the radicalism of Berkeley and the Black Panthers, offended by the lecturing of Jimmy Carter (crystallized in his “malaise” speech), but not far removed from the horrors of the Great Depression and World War II, they found themselves looking back affectionately to the economic ascendancy and cultural consolidation of the 1950s. And so they landed firmly on the right side of the political spectrum — but nearer its center than we often recall today. It was this audience that Fox News targeted when it was created in 1996 and that found a representative voice on The O’Reilly Report, which launched that same year.
Bill O’Reilly carried this audience with him for two decades — an extraordinary accomplishment — and Fox News built itself up around him in the process, aiming to make further inroads into the same large audience: white, middle-class Republicans whose ideal America was receding farther into the past as the country became increasingly polarized — by culture wars, by Newt Gingrich’s guerrilla House speakership, by Bill Clinton’s adultery, and, of course, by biased media. Fox gave airtime to “movement,” Buckley-style conservatives, but its appeal was less educational than aesthetic: people like you, talking about issues you care about, using their good old American common sense. That approach characterized much of Fox’s most popular programming: Hannity & Colmes, Hannity, On the Record with Greta Van Susteren, Fox & Friends. And it tended to reinforce the broad center-right sentiments that in turn bolstered O’Reilly’s appeal. Occasionally, Fox has been more overt in its aww-shucks branding — for instance, in Heartland with John Kasich.
Of course, during this time, a different generation of conservatives grew up. Born in the late 1960s and 1970s, they came of age during the Reagan-Bush years. Often, they grew up reading National Review and Human Events, or attending lectures and conferences on Hayekian economics sponsored by Young America’s Foundation and the Intercollegiate Studies Institute. They launched their careers in a post–Cold War America. They rejected as illiberal the policies of the New Deal and the Great Society, and they sided with Samuel Huntington’s Clash of Civilizations over Francis Fukuyama’s End of History. They watched Fox News, but because it was the only option, not because it precisely spoke for them (although it did in certain general respects). A number of these conservatives are first- or second-term Republican senators.
This rough-and-ready genealogy might even include a third generation, emerging now — one whose world was shaped by September 11, Iraq, economic recession, and the hyper-partisanship of the Obama years. These conservatives are not Bill O’Reilly; they’re Ben Shapiro, Mollie Hemingway, and Mary Katharine Ham. Their media are podcasts and Twitter, and while they’re certainly combative, they are more interested in a savvy, cosmopolitan conservatism that goes toe-to-toe with progressivism on its own turf (consider Shapiro’s popular campus-speaking events) than in the countrified, bigger-government, populism-tinged conservatism embodied by Mike Huckabee.
This is only a sketch, but it helps illustrate an obvious phenomenon in right-wing politics at present: It is run through by a bold dividing line, which broadly separates first-generation right-wingers from both their children and grandchildren.
The last year has revealed just how significant that divide really is. Eager for a young, conservative, idea-oriented presidential candidate, many second- and third-generation conservatives lined up behind Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio. But Donald Trump leapt into the race and unwittingly found himself the beneficiary of a center-right energy that many thought had dissipated forever. The clearest example was among the “religious Right,” where older, Moral Majority–era types (such as Jerry Falwell Jr. and Pat Buchanan) backed Trump vigorously, while younger Evangelicals (such as Southern Baptist minister Russell Moore) rejected him. A similar dynamic played out in conservative media, where Trump alienated many young, prominent conservatives (early opponents of Trump included Ben Shapiro, Katie Pavlich, and Ben Domenech) but found fierce defenders in O’Reilly and Hannity. When much of Fox News de facto backed Trump, midway through the primary season, it could hardly come as a shock: It was already obvious that the same type of person Fox had targeted for 20 years was likely to be an ardent Trump supporter.
It is difficult, of course, to distinguish cause and effect in all of this. Has the Right made Fox? Or has Fox made the Right? The answer is surely: both, to a degree. But what becomes increasingly clear is that, to the extent that Fox has made the Right, it has made a certain kind of Right and become the model for other conservative media. Tomi Lahren, a former host on Glenn Beck’s The Blaze, was attempting to re-create the glib, pugnacious Fox News model for a younger audience.
It is not clear, though, that the model can be translated — or ought to be. Fox News’s success has to no small degree depended on its appeal to a particular form of right-wing sentiment, and that success has sharpened a divide between groups of right-wingers with very different visions of what a “conservative” America ought to look like.
There are a million reasons for the inner conflicts within right-wing politics in the United States today. But this significant generational tension might justly be called, with only a hint of exaggeration, the O’Reilly factor.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin says the initial goal of completing tax reform before the August congressional recess is no longer feasible because of the delay in getting health-care reform completed. But that’s an excuse, not an explanation. The truth is that the administration is spending significant time during its first months in office figuring out what its real agenda is, including how to get that agenda through Congress, instead of trying to actually pass something. The risk is now very real that the first year of this presidency will come and go with little to show for it in terms of significant legislative changes.
The seeds for this problem were planted in the campaign. Trump correctly understood that most voters aren’t interested in detailed policy proposals; he wasn’t interested in them, either. He preferred to criticize his predecessors and competitors and to promise broad improvement around populist themes. Trump and everyone around him seemed to think they could figure out “the what and the how” of governance once he got into office.
The Trump campaign’s indifference to developing a ready-to-go first-year agenda, along with a realistic legislative strategy, is now hindering the administration. Top White House and agency officials are spending significant time and energy deciding what they want to accomplish rather than trying to accomplish it. The new team is also finding out how hard it is to get something done in the first year of a presidency without the benefit of a running start provided by the campaign.
To be fair, every new administration has a steep learning curve, and many policies are fully developed only after a new president is able to harness the expertise gained from presiding over the executive branch. But no recent administration has come into office with its plans as uncertain as this one’s.
Taxes were something of an exception during the campaign, in that Trump associates put some effort into policy development. The campaign released two different tax-reform plans — one in 2015, aimed at influencing the GOP primaries, and the other in 2016, aimed more at a general-election audience. But even with these plans, it was always clear that the candidate wasn’t really invested in them. Trump never fully embraced their details or described them to voters. He spoke in general terms about wanting to cut taxes, and that was it. He purposely left the impression that he might pursue something entirely different after the election.
Which is what he is now doing — five months after he won the presidency. News reports indicate that he has directed his staff to start over on a reform plan because he is unsatisfied with the options they brought to him. Producing a completely revised approach on taxes is extremely complex, requiring sophisticated modeling and analytical work. Consequently, a new plan is now likely to be weeks, if not months, away from being ready.
As the administration considers its options on taxes, Trump says he wants Congress to take up health care again. But if, as the president suggested, tax reform is better taken up after a health-care plan passes (a dubious contention), the administration has presented no clear game plan for getting a viable health-care plan all the way through Congress and onto the president’s desk anytime soon either.
The New York Times reported that the plan put together in the House — the American Health Care Act, or AHCA — was short ten to 15 votes when GOP leaders decided to pull it back from consideration on the House floor. It is possible, therefore, that in the coming days and weeks, a compromise between the Freedom Caucus and more-moderate members of the Republican conference would swing enough votes to allow for passage of the bill in the House. But even if that were to occur, the bill would face a daunting path to passage in the Senate.
The AHCA’s fundamental problem is that it is widely viewed by rank-and-file House and Senate members — even among those who were prepared to vote for it — as flawed, substantively and politically, because it would make insurance less secure for many millions of people. The bill has the core structure of a sound plan, but, in its details, it would further destabilize the individual insurance market and lead to a large increase in the number of people with low incomes who would go without health insurance.
The discussion between the Freedom Caucus and more-moderate Republicans in the House is focused on how to provide secure and affordable insurance options to people with preexisting conditions. That is an important consideration, but the AHCA’s problems go well beyond that. Moving the bill through to enactment will probably require a more fundamental reassessment as well as a political strategy that will increase the chance of passage. If the AHCA wins only Republican votes, it will probably fail: It will be almost impossible to get near-unanimous GOP support for something with so much political baggage. The administration, and Congress, should pivot to a more viable strategy that could attract some bipartisan support.
On the budget, the Trump administration released a partial plan in March to increase defense spending for fiscal year 2018 while cutting most domestic agencies by a comparable amount. The cuts in domestic programs — totaling $54 billion, or around 10 percent of the total — were never mentioned during the campaign and generally lack a strong policy rationale beyond saving money. Congress is unlikely to go along with them, which means that the most likely scenario for 2018 will be an increase for defense (which is needed) and status quo for everything else.
The full budget, covering taxes and entitlement spending as well as appropriated spending, is slated to be released next month. At this point, we don’t know whether this full budget plan will include significant reforms that Trump would like to see enacted this year. He avoided getting specific on cuts or reforms during the campaign, and nothing has been mentioned in the early months of the administration beyond endorsing the Medicaid reforms in the House health-care bill. Because Trump was never clear about his intentions on fiscal policy during the campaign, it is unclear if his budget plan will be embraced or rejected by different factions of the GOP. Indeed, it is possible, and perhaps likely, that the same ideological divisions that are making it tough to pass the AHCA would also make it impossible to pass a budget in Congress.
This month, the administration set in motion an ambitious effort to reorganize the federal government, but the president won’t submit anything concrete to Congress until February 2018, so any reforms that Congress might agree to wouldn’t take effect until 2019, at the earliest. Needless to say, it will be harder to pass significant reforms, including elimination of government agencies and programs, next year as opposed to this year, because all House members and many Senators will be looking ahead to the midterm election when the calendar turns to 2018.
Presidents are elected for four years, so there is still plenty of time for the Trump administration to make progress and pass important legislation in Congress. But the first year is often important to the overall success of new presidents, and, after three months, it looks as though this administration is still getting itself organized and deciding on a game plan.
Not all of what the Trump administration is now doing could have been handled during the campaign, but some of it could have been done then. If it had been, the administration would be better positioned than it is to capitalize on the limited political momentum that helps push initiatives along in year one. By year two, the momentum is generally gone.
— James C. Capretta is a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, where he holds the Milton Friedman chair.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
This week, President Trump reiterated his commitment to his “hire American, buy American” program — a supposedly crucial element in his “economic nationalist” program. The notion here is threefold: American companies should be forced to hire American labor; government contracts should go to American companies; American producers should be protected from domestic competition by revoking or altering international trade agreements.
All three of these policies have a long, ingloriously stupid history.
First, the notion that American companies should be forced to hire American labor is a conceit of the Left. It is based on the same failures of economic understanding that lead to advocating higher minimum wages: the notion that cramming through an increase in labor cost does not cost jobs to a company, does not raise costs to the consumer, and does not degrade the quality of future products.
Yet Trump and other protectionists such as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Ann Coulter have long seen H-1B visas — supposedly high-tech visas allowing workers to enter the United States to fill jobs for domestically based companies — as a great bugaboo. There are certainly significant problems with the current administration of H-1B visas: Michelle Malkin has rightly pointed out that there are those who falsely sponsor immigrants to the United States without any intention of employing them. And she is also right to criticize the H-1B lie that workers from abroad never replace American workers, and the inflated claim that there is a serious shortage of Americans qualified to fill jobs in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM jobs). Other valid critiques of H-1B visas are that they tie visa-holders to jobs and give employers total leverage over them.
But there is a broader ideological critique that is simply false: the notion that America benefits as a country by heavily restricting its labor base rather than by expanding the pool of qualified applicants.
There is a strong case to be made that in a welfare state, we should curb any program that increases the domestic unemployment rate, because the taxpayers absorb the burden of the increased number of the unemployed. But there is no evidence that high-tech visas increase the unemployment rate, since high-tech companies will simply shift production overseas to take advantage of lower wages there and similar job qualifications; this deprives American companies of jobs.
The goal of an economy is to create better products and services at a lower price, thereby creating new cycles of supply and demand. The goal of an economy is not to freeze the available pool of labor, thereby confiscating wealth from employers on behalf of employees lucky enough to be born inside the United States. It’s difficult to understand why people who think that we should have a closed immigration system in order to preserve jobs don’t also think that we should have dramatically higher minimum wages or forced price controls.
Second, Trump’s program of ensuring that government contracts go to American companies makes little sense, given that this is merely a government subsidy of popular political interests. Why should taxpayers foot the bill for cement made in Pennsylvania rather than China, absent some political payoff from politicians? And in fact, Trump’s new program allows widespread waivers for government contracts if the government decides that product or pricing is insufficient from American suppliers. As Kevin Williamson wrote earlier this week: “In practice, that means if you have the right friends and make the right donations, the Buy American rules may be used to steer contracts your way. If you don’t, they won’t.”
Finally, Trump’s program of producing everything in America is economically illiterate. Earlier this year, (alleged) White House chief of staff Reince Priebus stated, “We can make everything here, or our goal should be to try to make everything we can in the United States so that the money gets put in the pockets of Americans.” That’s not only untrue, it’s simply nutty. Subsidizing domestic industry and cutting off imports in order to “help” the economy is a fool’s errand. Back in the 1930s, Nazi Germany embarked on a course of “autarky,” assuming that they could strengthen the domestic economy through a combination of subsidies and tariffs. The result, which Hitler actually wanted: a requirement for territorial expansion, since trade enriches countries with resources beyond their own borders. North Korea is autarkic today. So is Venezuela. Both are impoverished. Trade enriches both sides; banning trade indirectly taxes certain domestic parties in behalf of others.
But this is the truly tyrannical side of “economic nationalism”: the idea that your freedom as an individual to engage in commerce must be made subservient to a sort of collectivist loyalty test. In its own way, it is no different than Joe Biden’s statements some years ago that paying higher taxes made you more patriotic. But patriotism isn’t about restricting your freedom and prosperity to help someone in a dying industry. It’s about upholding a system of freedom for everyone, even those who benefit more from those freedoms.
“Economic nationalism” is FDR’s economic interventionism and Herbert Hoover’s anti-trade policy repackaged. Donald Richberg, the second head of FDR’s National Recovery Administration, stated that America had to reject “gold-plated anarchy that masqueraded as ‘rugged individualism.’” Instead, America should embrace “the great essential industries . . . operated under public obligation appropriate to the public interest in them.” In this logic, economic freedom should be made subservient to the supposed national interest. The result: the greatest depression in American history, relieved only by the full-scale militarization of American society in World War II.
It is not “America First” policy to put American individualism last and government redistributionism first; that policy kills jobs and destroys liberty. Trump should know that as a businessman. He must learn it as president.
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
‘We will get our people off of welfare and back to work,” President Trump said in his inaugural address. He continued that theme the next month at CPAC, the Conservative Political Action Conference. “It’s time for all Americans to get off of welfare and get back to work,” he told the crowd. “You’re going to love it, you’re going to love it, you’re going to love it.” And in his address to a joint session of Congress a few days later, the president boldly declared that “millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect.”
This was music to the ears of hard-working Americans across the country, after eight long years of welfare expansion and increased dependency. But how can President Trump deliver on these promises?
First things first: The Trump administration should not allow states to continue waiving food-stamp work requirements. These requirements have been a part of the food-stamp program (for non-disabled childless adults) since the Clinton-era welfare reforms of the 1990s. However, federal regulations allow the Department of Agriculture to grant waivers if states request them.
Although federal law authorizes waivers only when the state unemployment rate exceeds 10 percent or a state has insufficient employment opportunities, states with unemployment rates as low as 4.5 percent are currently waiving work requirements. With waivers in effect, food stamps quickly trap their recipients in dependency. What incentive do struggling Americans have to find employment and raise their standards of living when they face no time limits or requirement to work?
In many states that also waive asset tests and use loopholes to raise income limits, all someone has to do to stay on welfare forever is keep breathing — and even breathing is sometimes optional, as an unknown number of deceased people remain on welfare rolls across the country.
Alternatively, enforcement of work standards requires only 20 hours a week of work, training, or volunteering for able-bodied childless enrollees; this has proven to be a wildly effective way to reduce dependency and help people get back on their feet. Kansas put such requirements back into place a few years ago, and enrollment soon plummeted by more than 75 percent. Fewer people were dependent on government (read: taxpayers) and were instead providing for themselves.
Isn’t this what we all want? Shouldn’t we be measuring success by this standard — the number of people who no longer need government assistance? But that’s not the end of the story. Kansas also instituted an innovative tracking system to see what happened to the adults who left welfare. What they found is that incomes rose significantly. They more than doubled. The former recipients were making more money than their previous incomes plus their welfare benefits. They are better off today than they were on welfare. Maine has done the same tracking and found similar results.
Crazy as it sounds, 42 states were waiving these work requirements in some or all areas just a few years ago. Today, just seven states have no work requirements at all.
This is a victory worth protecting — for taxpayers, for enrollees who are freed from welfare, and for truly needy individuals who depend on it. President Trump can protect these gains by not approving new waivers or extending existing waivers when they come up for renewal.
Second, the Trump administration should empower states to expand work requirements to new populations within the food-stamp program. While work is currently mandated only for non-disabled adults without dependent children, the evidence from Kansas and Maine suggests that work requirements would help free millions more individuals from welfare if they were expanded to all able-bodied, working-age adults.
Public support for this expansion is broad. According to the Foundation for Government Accountability, 76 percent of voters, including 58 percent of Democrats, support the expansion of work requirements to all able-bodied adults.
The Trump administration will likely have a chance to weigh in on this soon. Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin has already proposed an expansion of work requirements to non-disabled parents with school-age children. The measure would require federal approval. If President Trump approves Walker’s request, he won’t just be making a tremendous impact on the lives of Wisconsinites. He’ll be paving the way for more states to follow suit, potentially saving taxpayers more than $120 billion over the next decade.
Finally, the Trump administration should allow the expansion of work requirements into Medicaid. States are already clamoring for this flexibility. In addition to Governor Walker, Governor Paul LePage of Maine has already signaled that they will ask for Medicaid work requirements for parents. And countless other Republican governors, from Arkansas to Arizona, have said they want work requirements in their Medicaid expansions that serve able-bodied, working-age adults. They should be given that chance.
The facts are clear: People can’t escape poverty without a job. They can’t pursue the American dream without a job. And without work requirements, too many Americans will remain trapped in welfare, without incentives to improve their lives. By making some relatively minor policy changes, President Trump can make a huge difference.
— Nic Horton is a senior research fellow for the Foundation for Government Accountability.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: Jay Nordlinger’s journal concludes today. The previous parts can be found at the following links: I, II, and III.
California State University, Fullerton, is the home of the Titans. I buy a cap — a baseball-style cap. There are many to choose from. I buy one with a simple “F,” for “Fullerton.” Very sharp (if I say so myself).
Today, I am talking with the College Republicans. They aren’t numerous — but they are wonderful. They are independent-minded and bold. They tell me that the campus is solidly left-wing. When you identify as a Republican, you do so at some cost.
I admire these students, and other such people, a great deal. It’s so easy to run with the herd. In fact, I often think that man is a herd animal. But that’s too big a subject for this journal.
One young woman is the head of Students for Life. (This would be an anti-abortion group.) Her, I especially admire. I tell her about a student I knew way back — he was an undergraduate when I was a grad student. He wore a pin depicting two little feet. It turned out, this was a pro-life symbol.
I thought he was just about the bravest hombre I ever met.
The College Republicans has a faculty adviser: a kind and interesting woman. She went to Berkeley. I recall another adviser to a College Republican group. This group was at Stetson University, in DeLand, Fla. You needed to have a faculty adviser to have an official group. The College Republicans could not find a Republican on the faculty. So, the chairman of the poli-sci department, a Democrat, volunteered to be their adviser.
That’s the spirit: a democratic and American spirit. I met this man. Admired him a lot.
At Fullerton, the students tell me about an incident on campus: During a protest and counter-protest, a member of the faculty hit a student — a conservative student. A member of the College Republicans.
“What does he teach?” I ask (referring to the hitter). Anthropology, is the answer. “Figures,” I say, with a snort.
Two years ago, I wrote an essay called “Majoring in Anthro: A lament for a field.” It was such a great field — one of the best, in my opinion. It attracted bright and interesting students, such as Saul Bellow. Then, anthropology was taken over by the flaky Left — not just the Left, which is one thing, but the flaky Left.
Anyway …
I was invited to speak to a Republican group in a different town — to speak at a luncheon of theirs. Then I was disinvited. Why? They learned I wasn’t a Republican. And their bylaws require that all speakers belong to the party.
Well, I belonged to the party from 1982, when I was a freshman in college, till last year. Does that count for nothing? Shouldn’t I have a little grace period or something? I was a Republican for a lot longer than Donald Trump has been! And, frankly, I still feel more Republican than many a Republican, I bet.
Anyway …
The traffic outside Los Angeles is horrendous, as I’ve discussed. It is true to its reputation. The hype about the traffic is not hype — it’s fact. But the traffic in L.A.? Once you reach the city? Sort of normal, as far as I can tell.
Huh.
One boulevard is lined with banners depicting Sondra — Sondra Radvanovsky, the American soprano, who will sing Tosca in this town. She is a great singer, as I’ve argued in a number of pieces over the last few years. She was always a good one. But, somewhere along the line, she sneaked up on us and became a great one.
Bannerable.
Here in L.A., I have the pleasure of an evening with the American Freedom Alliance. They are chaired by Karen Siegemund — a breath of fresh air. The whole evening is marked by good feelings.
Or maybe I should say good vibrations, seeing as we’re in California.
I give a talk called “Getting Around: Adventures in Journalism.” It is based on a recent collection of mine, Digging In. Bill Buckley once said to me, “You DO get around.” This was in an e-mail, after I’d written him from some far-flung place. To which you can only say: You should talk!
(Also, Bill often said to me, “Man, you write a lot.” To which the only answer is …)
In the Q&A, some people wonder, “What should one read? What can one trust? What media should you consume, to stay well informed?” That is a big, big question. I get it a lot. And I ask it a lot.
With these friends in L.A., I give a longish answer, which I won’t get into, here in my journal. But suffice it to say: Try to arrange a balanced diet. And, of course, there’s only so much time in a day!
The vice president of the American Freedom Alliance is Michael Greer — a lady (and a lovely one). We talk about Michael Learned. Do you remember her? Another lovely lady, who played Mrs. Walton on television.
Many years ago, I spent the night on the campus of UCLA. (No, not in a dorm room.) The next day, I went for a long walk in a nearby neighborhood. It was just about the most beautiful place of human habitation I had ever seen.
What do I mean, “place of human habitation”? Well, I’m talking about a residential area — not a national park or something like that.
I said to someone, “Where are we?” He said, with some amusement, “This is Bel Air!”
Ah. That explains it.
This time, I think of Goethe: Kennst du das Land, wo die Zitronen blühn? Yes, I know a place where the lemon trees bloom: Bel Air, for one. The whole ’hood is a land of enchantment.
The Reagans moved here, post-presidency. You may remember that they were to move into 666 Saint Cloud Road. Mrs. R. didn’t like the number — so it was changed (by some city authority, I imagine) to 668. Just like that.
Thanks for joining me on this jaunt, y’all. California has a world of problems — like the rest of the world. But, at least in some respects, it is still California. Which is something.
Thanks again, and see you.



ARTICLE
Three months ago, State Trooper Jonathan Otto, 33, of the Arizona Department of Public Safety pulled over a car that had caught his attention by traveling 104 miles per hour long after midnight, just south of Kingman. He smelled marijuana in the car. It was driven by a man with an adult female wearing only lingerie. Their passenger was a female juvenile whose fake document showed her to be 18. She was, Otto says, “not wearing a whole lot of clothing.”
The adults had taken this 16-year-old from California to Arizona and were heading for Las Vegas. The girl gave Otto the California phone number of her grandmother, who immediately told him the girl might have been in prostitution since she was 15. Trained in interview techniques for such situations, and experienced at noticing people who somehow do not belong together, Otto correctly suspected DMST — domestic minor sex trafficking.
Trooper Mitch Jergenson, 46, stopped a car driven by a man whose passenger was a 17-year-old girl he had gotten to know via Facebook and other social media. He had paid for her ticket from California to Phoenix and was taking her to Las Vegas. She said she was going to be a “model,” then said she was going to work in a strip club. This, says Jergenson, is “the start of a process” whereby minors often wind up working the streets. “Las Vegas has strict regulations, but . . . ”
Sergeant Scott Reutter, 47, who watches the motels near the Phoenix intersection of I-17 and I-10, where prostitutes are active, approached a young girl talking to an older man. She said she was 22. Reutter, whose daughters are 22 and 19, thought she was “14, maybe 15.” She had been a runaway for 17 months, since she was 13, and said that if she were returned to the custody of child services she would run again. After a ten-minute hearing, she was returned. She immediately ran, and did so repeatedly. To be in law enforcement is often to feel condemned to bailing an ocean with a thimble.
Frank Milstead, too, knows how Sisyphus felt. When nature designed him, it had a director of the Department of Public Safety in mind. Large and laconic, he is the 54-year-old son of a Phoenix cop and, although he spent some time doing stand-up comedy, he knows in the marrow of his bones that “there are so many people out there who want to take advantage of other people.”
It is unclear how many victims of DMST there are because for many reasons the crime is not often reported by its victims. They are, Milstead says, usually abducted, sort of, from “some environment where nobody missed them,” adding, however, that traffickers cannot control “people who are unwilling.”
But many trafficked minors, “who no one had made to feel valuable,” are, Milstead says, “chronic runaways” with attenuated capacities for self-determination. They are products of poor or nonexistent parenting; their traffickers provide food, shelter, a simulacrum of caring, and drugs that produce dependency. Milstead guesses that 80 percent are addicted. Hence, they engage in “survival sex.”
Milstead’s troopers patrol motel parking lots and get to know those who do the motels’ housekeeping and notice suspicious activity. Big sporting events, of which Phoenix has many — the Super Bowl, the Final Four, NCAA championship football games — attract traffickers. Troopers also watch bars and nightclubs where minors are offered for sex, and, increasingly, monitor the internet and social media.
The website Backpage, whose founders live in Arizona, began as a place for normal classified advertising but, a U.S. Senate investigation concluded, found its most lucrative business being a sexual marketplace. The New York Times reports that law-enforcement officials say Backpage’s “dating section” often “used teasers like ‘Amber alert’ and ‘Lolita’ to signal that children were for sale.” According to the Times, “In the midst of a Senate investigation, a federal grand jury inquiry in Arizona, two federal lawsuits and criminal charges in California accusing Backpage’s operators of pimping children, the website abruptly bowed to pressure in January and replaced its sex ads with the word ‘Censored’ in red.”
Holding up his smartphone, Milstead, whose vocation reinforces his inclination to look on the dark side, says: “Leaving your kid alone at night in his room with this? You might as well leave him or her in the city park downtown. Anything is available on a phone.”
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
During Super Bowl LI, back in February, with the New England Patriots down early to the Atlanta Falcons, alt-right celebrity Richard Spencer tweeted that he was rooting for the Pats. He explained his pick:
This week, the Patriots — who won the game in dramatic, come-from-behind fashion — visited the White House, prompting a piece in Politico Magazine entitled “The Alt-Right’s Favorite Team Visits the White House.” It turns out that, if writer Ben Strauss’s roster survey is accurate, the Patriots are not, in fact, the NFL’s whitest team, and that Richard Spencer was wrong.
To which the only appropriate response is the one that should have greeted Spencer’s tweets: Who in God’s rainbow-colored world cares?
Richard Spencer is the most famous white supremacist in the United States, which is a bit like being the country’s most famous concertina player: something for the almanac, perhaps, but nothing to write home about. AltRight.com, Spencer’s blog founded in January, is modestly trafficked, as was its predecessor, Alternative Right. Spencer moves a small amount of Twitter traffic compared with fellow alt-right celebrities such as conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich or, before he was banned from the social-media platform, former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos. (Both of them have distanced themselves from Spencer.) Unlike Cernovich, who has been approvingly tweeted by the sons of Donald Trump and former national-security adviser Michael Flynn, Spencer has no observable link to the new administration. And when Spencer’s pseudo–think tank, the National Policy Institute, held a conference in Washington, D.C., last fall, about 200 people attended.
Suffice it to say that Richard Spencer is many things, most of them disagreeable. What he is not is important.
Distinguishing between the important and unimportant used to be a central function of the journalistic enterprise: “All the news that’s fit to print,” &c. Not everything was need-to-know; not everything was “representative.” But — and the reasons are many: the Internet, social media, hyperpolarized politics, more — editorial discrimination has become the lost virtue of our media age. Every fraud gets a profile; every nutjob is News.
Richard Spencer is not an interesting person. Seeing everything through the prism of race is, besides infantile, boring, and Spencer’s gobbledygook about “white consciousness” is so much pseudo-intellectual nonsense that he can use to assimilate everything to his poisonous view of the world. Of course he has woolly opinions about football; he has woolly opinions about everything.
The salient question for journalists should be: So what? What should be drawn from the fact that a white supremacist has strong opinions about football teams — or avant-garde jazz, or the South Beach diet, or the Star Wars prequels? What happens when we discover that David Duke’s favorite vegetable is kale?
There are lots of lunatic, even repulsive people in these United States — on both sides of the political spectrum. There are loons who “Sieg Heil!” on their Facebook pages, and there are loons who demand the murder of cops. Some of them even accrue a little following, an apostolate of loons.
But it is a big country. Not everything is a trend. Not everything is a crisis. And journalists would serve their profession, and their readers, better by occasionally recalling that not everything is, in fact, news.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Let’s imagine a person — let’s call this person “Pat” — with the following characteristics. Pat is extremely aggressive and extremely ambitious and doesn’t take crap from anybody. If somebody punches Pat, then Pat punches back twice as hard. Pat wants to get ahead and will face down anybody standing in the way. Career achievement seems to be Pat’s highest goal. Pat’s spouse needs to understand and facilitate Pat’s dreams, and if children are involved, they’re to be timed and spaced precisely so that Pat’s climb to the top is unimpeded.
If Pat is a man, then he’s consumed with “toxic masculinity.” If Pat is a woman, however, then Pat is leaning in. Pat is “fierce.” Pat is our hero.
We are living in the age of the fierce girl. That’s the new feminist ideal. Do you want to make online feminists furious? Just try writing a television or movie script that even implies that “damsels in distress” need any man to rescue them from danger. No indeed. The modern female action star can take down any number of burly men. Doubt me? Watch Charlize Theron destroy man after man in this trailer for Atomic Blonde:
This promo, for FX’s Into the Badlands, is almost comical. Just look at what a fierce female swordsman can do — in high heels, even. And it ends with two women protecting a man in a wheelchair:
Finally, this commercial (for Auto Trader) is just flat-out hilarious. Here the fierce girl tries sport after sport until she ends up, yes, on the football gridiron:
I know fantasy is fantasy, but it’s fantasy with a very intentional message. Essentially, it’s crafting girlhood into stereotypical boyhood, and pop culture is going to extreme lengths to give girls that boyish fighting spirit.
Perhaps nothing personifies this effort more than the “fearless girl” statue now squaring off against the charging bull of Wall Street in downtown Manhattan. It’s become a place of pilgrimage, where women pay homage to the new feminine ideal and woke men pledge allegiance to female ferocity. Here’s Elizabeth Warren yesterday:
And fully woke New York mayor Bill de Blasio last week:
On its own terms, the statue is absurd. Taken together with the charging bull, the entire art installation would be more properly titled “Where Are Her Parents?” or “Seconds from Tragedy.” The relentless on-screen butt-kicking is ridiculous as well. It’s almost as if SEAL Team Six would be more effective if only it were stocked with 5-foot-5-inch starlets.
Where is this coming from? Why is feminism indulging and demanding a consistent form of pop-culture propaganda? It boils down to one word — careerism. It’s becoming increasingly clear that the foremost object of modern feminism isn’t respecting and honoring the choices that real women make, but rather making sure that women make a certain kind of choice — to live with the same career- and action-dominant attitude that has prevailed in male culture for many thousands of years.
And yes, it is certainly true that a certain level of (properly channeled) aggression, ambition, and combativeness helps a person succeed. And if that is the case, then it stands to reason that the women who make it to the top of governments, corporations, and the media will tend to share some of those characteristics with their male colleagues. It is not true, however, that men and women are blank biological slates, and only sexist culture keeps men from being more like women and women from being more like men.
The ideological result is a kind of forced fiction, one that belittles both men and women and tells them that there is something essentially wrong with them if they choose to live according to the entirely natural and moral desires of their heart. In some quarters, it represents a failure — a loss — if a brilliant young woman chooses to drop out of the workforce and stay home to raise children. Conversely, it’s also deemed a failure if natural male aggression, natural male strength, and natural male competitiveness together create either male-only or primarily male spaces at the leading edge of physical danger, geographical exploration, and entrepreneurial risk.
And so we set up our educational systems and our popular culture to poke, prod, heckle, and punish until men learn to be more passive, women learn to be more aggressive, and even our infantry platoons are one glorious melting pot of male and female badassery.
You can fight human nature all you want, but you won’t win. Yes, there are “fierce” women, and a just society gives them an equal opportunity to succeed in the fields where they’re able (ground combat isn’t one of them). Yes, there are gentle men, and a just society doesn’t mock them or scorn them simply because they don’t share the aggressive nature of many of their peers. But a just society also recognizes reality, and it recognizes that it’s a form of cruelty to treat men and women as blank slates for fashionable ideological wish-casting.
In addition, while any given movie or commercial or television show is certainly free to indulge in fantasy (I love Rey in the new Star Wars films, but The Force is a great leveler), it’s also wrong to lie. Not all women are fierce, and in general they’re not nearly as “fierce” as men. Ferocity isn’t a virtue, it’s a characteristic, and it’s a characteristic that not all (or even most) women share. To the extent that feminists portray this as the new ideal, they merely construct yet another ideological prison for women and young girls. Try as they might, modern feminists can’t turn girls into boys and boys into girls. They can, however, make members of both sexes miserable. That’s one thing the radicals do all too well.
— David French is a staff writer at National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Lena Dunham’s ultimate message in Girls is conservative: a lesson in the cost of flouting bourgeois norms.
To put in perspective the magnitude of what Lena Dunham has accomplished with her HBO sitcom Girls, imagine that Michael Jackson had written a merciless satiric novel about a freakish, plastic-surgery-obsessed, formerly black pop singer, or that Bill Clinton had come up with a hilariously caustic screenplay about a truth-challenged southern horndog of a president. Dunham herself, in public appearances and interviews, says unconscionable things, just like her narcissistic screen alter ego Hannah Horvath. But between Dunham the public figure and TV Dunham stands Dunham the writer. She is everything the other two are not: perspicacious, surprising, keenly aware of her own shortcomings. Girls is a prosecutorial indictment of Millennial self-absorption and entitlement. If, in other words, you can’t stand real-life Lena Dunham, writer Lena Dunham has your back.
Girls, which on Sunday concluded a six-season run that proved to be to the think-piece industry what the Marcellus Shale is to fracking, was from the start transparent about its intent to provide a soiled corrective to Sex and the City — one character lovingly put on her wall a cheap poster of the earlier show in the Girls pilot. But it owes an equal debt to Seinfeld, which drew most of its comic energy from the selfishness and etiquette violations of its four central characters. Girls does both 1990s sitcom stalwarts one better, or worse: Hannah Horvath (Dunham) and her three twentysomething friends don’t just contravene social niceties.
They repeatedly do and say horrible, friendship-endangering things to one another, unaware of the serious harm they’re doing. When Hannah’s gay ex-boyfriend and roommate Elijah (Andrew Rannells) learns that she is pregnant in the final season, he objects to the prospect of being roommates with “some boring 27-year-old single mom” and continues, “I’m going to say this to your face because no one else will have the guts to. You’re going to be a terrible mother. Oh, great, you’re going to cry now?”
Unlike the girl-powered Sex and the City, in which the supposedly strong, confident single ladies gradually turned into victims whose conversation tended to complaints about the many ways they were being let down by their men, Girls never lets its women off the hook. If anything, the girls of Girls come off looking more venal, dishonorable, and duplicitous than the men in their lives, who are at least relatively honest and forthright.
Dunham has a surgical way of undercutting her characters’ claims. Throughout the series her underemployed Brooklynites will say one thing that will be proven a lie by their next action or sentence. “I want to spend more time with you, I just want some of that time to be apart,” Marnie (Allison Williams) tells her boyfriend Ray (Alex Karpovsky). In season two, the loudly progressive Hannah breaks up with her black Republican boyfriend (Donald Glover), supposedly over political differences, dramatically telling Elijah and Marnie, “Your rights happened and your rights happened, because I can’t be with someone who’s not an ally to gays and women.” We know this is a lie: Hannah broke up with the young man, Sandy, solely because she was miffed about his unenthusiastic, though politely given, response to an essay she’d given him to read. Sandy speculates, probably accurately, that her interest in him was skin-deep anyway, so she gets huffy about his views of white girls: “And maybe you think of us as just one big white blobby mass with like stupid ideas that you can’t deal with.”
Three years later, real-life Dunham would use similar language to smear the black NFL star Odell Beckham Jr., ascribing rude thoughts to him because he didn’t talk to her at a party: “He looked at me and he determined I was not the shape of a woman by his standards,” Dunham said. “He was like, ‘That’s a marshmallow. That’s a child. That’s a dog.’ . . . The vibe was very much like, ‘Do I want to f— it? Is it wearing a . . . yep, it’s wearing a tuxedo. I’m going to go back to my cell phone.’ It was like we were forced to be together, and he literally was scrolling Instagram rather than have to look at a woman in a bow tie.” Real-life Dunham is forever stumbling into saying the kinds of things writer Dunham uses to expose Hannah’s reckless, destructive self-absorption.
At its foundation, despite Dunham’s much-advertised progressive politics, Girls is a conservative work, a six-year course in the cost of disregarding simple bourgeois norms and romantic conventions — be true to your word, don’t start an affair with someone if you’re already in a relationship. Everyone (as Hannah says of Marnie) is stuck on a “psychosexual hamster wheel,” the women in particular finding it nearly impossible to treat sex as a mere leisure activity. Older characters, people who remember the conventions and respected them, sometimes try to nudge the Millennials back in the right direction, but when Hannah does get offered sound advice, she is liable to say, “You sound like my mother.”
By the closing moments of the last episode, though, she herself is a mother of a newborn, and in a typically bizarre and funny encounter that takes place in a small town in upstate New York, she meets a distraught teenager in tears, fleeing something, wearing neither pants nor shoes. Hannah thinks the girl must be in flight from a sexual attack, but it turns out the kid ran away because her mother tried to get her to do homework. Hannah upbraids the brat for being whiny and entitled and tells her to consider the matter from her mother’s point of view. After 62 cringe-inducing episodes of unforced errors, Hannah has learned her lesson: Listen to your mom. She probably knows more about life than you do.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
‘We call on the authorities to launch a transparent investigation into these alleged irregularities,” said European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas after Turkey’s Sunday referendum to approve an “executive-style presidency” for Recep Tayyip Erdogan. He got more: extraordinary judicial powers and lifetime immunity. The polls resulted in 51.4 percent “Yes” against 48.6 percent “No” to approve the constitutional-amendment package, amid allegations of fraud and ballot-stuffing.
The referendum took place in a chaotic and oppressive political atmosphere far away from freedom of speech and free media. Invoking the notorious “state of emergency” rule, Erdogan had already started to crush his opponents and the free media after the December 2013 police operations targeting his son and his close circle for corruption and money laundering. His full-court press accelerated after the July 2016 coup attempt. Since then, 231 journalists have been put in prison, and many media outlets have been shut down, confiscated by the state, or forced to write or broadcast favorably. As a result, Erdogan now controls 95 percent of the media and keeps going after any journalists brave enough to criticize him.
And not only the media, but anyone who was deemed opposition, paid a hefty price. In present-day Turkey, particularly after the coup attempt, more than 150,000 government officers, including doctors, teachers, academics, judges, police and military officers, were fired from their jobs. Some 50,000 state employees were imprisoned, and 113,000 others were detained from a week to a month without any charges.
Thousands of private businesses have been shut down, and personal bank accounts confiscated. All these extreme measures under the “state of emergency” rule made sure that the opposition did not have a credible voice for the referendum. Voters were not aware of what they were voting for, apart from the “executive-style presidency being granted to Erdogan.” For example, many were not aware the Yes vote also meant extraordinary judicial powers and lifetime immunity for Erdogan. Seeing all these on site, Human Rights Watch Turkey director Emma Sinclair-Webb addressed the situation in a press release on Monday, stating that “the campaign took place in a climate of unprecedented political repression.”
The ruling party and Erdogan’s supporters also made sure the opposition could not carry out political campaigns for their causes. Many opposition rallies were canceled by the state, and many demonstrators were beaten. The media coverage of the No vote was less than 5 percent compared to the Yes vote. Additionally, the second major political opposition party (HDP) saw almost all its parliament members and local mayors arrested before the referendum. Not only were the HDP members restrained from campaigning, but they could not monitor the elections and voting irregularities, particularly in the south and east of Turkey, where there was an inexplicable surge of Kurdish Yes vote. Hence, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) declared the results questionable, claiming that it was not a free and fair election and the referendum took place on an unlevel playing field. According to the OSCE press release, “the referendum did not live up to Council of Europe standards.”
Myriad voting-fraud allegations have surfaced, often with cell-phone video recordings published in different social media mediums. The most serious allegation was that the Supreme Election Board (YSK) had accepted 1.5 million illegal “unstamped ballots” in contravention of the election law, a move clearly changed the outcome as almost all the unstamped ballots were reported to be Yes-stamped. The OSCE challenged this ruling, stating that “the [Turkish] Electoral Board issued late changes to rules which undermined safeguards, went against laws.” The YSK director, Sadi Guven, a judge, who oversees the elections with ultimate authority over the referendum, stated that he had to take this decision because of the immense pressure coming from AKP members. The main opposition party leader, Mr. Kilicdaroglu, officially declared that the CHP does not recognize the referendum results.
Moreover, the HDP claimed in a press statement that there was at least 4 percent manipulation in the outcome, citing irregularities in the south and east of Turkey, where many Kurdish Turks live. In fact, there was an unforeseen surge in the Yes vote coming from that region, where almost no political party representatives other than the AKP could monitor the vote casting and the ballot count due to the political oppressions cited. The level of voting fraud was better understood as the results were made public. For example, the results of the 60 ballot boxes counted in a neighborhood in Sanliurfa, a southern border city, surprised everybody with 13,067 Yes and 58 No votes. Later, it was revealed that only one person signed for all those Yes votes, a smoking gun.
Though Erdogan won the elections, he felt the need to call world leaders to get immediate validation of the results, which was unprecedented. Strangely enough, the first congratulations came from Hamas and some other Salafist terrorist groups.
These results are further polarizing Turkish people, with the referendum victory in question and half of the country opposing Erdogan. On the other hand,      Erdogan clearly knows that he cannot rule the country on democratic values unless he represses the opposition. It is expected that Turkey will continue its anti-Western rhetoric and continue to distance itself from the democratic values to be able to sustain this one-man rule.
All observers agree that Erdogan, in order to stay in power, will continue to radicalize his country. Recently, pro-Erdogan daily Yeni Safak’s editor-in-chief wrote that after Erdogan gets the referendum, a new era starts; “Turkey should stop fighting the Islamic State and arm itself with nuclear weapons.”
Some argue that Turkey currently is marching toward a Sunni version of the Iranian Islamic State, with elements from the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafism in front of the whole world through a rigged democratic process.
It is crucial that NATO decision-makers recognize that Turkey has become a threat to the region’s and the world’s security with these new constitutional amendments. The West has long been hesitant to counter Erdogan with his ill-intended policies and intentions. However, even today might be too late to reverse the course and protect innocent lives both in Turkey and abroad.
— Ahmet S. Yayla is an adjunct professor of criminology, law, and society at George Mason University. He formerly served as a professor and the chair of the sociology department at Harran University in Turkey. He also served as the chief of counterterrorism and operations department of the Turkish National Police in Sanliurfa between 2010 and 2013. He is the co-author of the newly released book ISIS Defectors: Inside Stories of the Terrorist Caliphate. Follow @ahmetsyayla
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Donald J. Trump is nothing if not a consummate entertainer, and the character he plays on television — “Donald J. Trump” — has appeared in all manner of entertainment: the game show he hosted for many years, pornographic films, the 2016 presidential campaign. Now he is taking on a strange new role: that of Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Trump, who is surrounded by people who fancy themselves “nationalists” (in the cause of what nation, it is not entirely clear), is wading deep into an ancient puddle of stupidity most recently explored by Barack Obama (remember his “nationalist” moment, which lasted for about a month in 2011?) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the woman who (accidentally) did more than anyone other than Kellyanne Conway and Hillary Rodham Clinton to put Trump in the White House. To call it “economic nationalism” would be too grand: It is merely a very narrow form of special-interest politics consisting of backdoor handouts to favored corporate interests.
Trump has signed an executive order organized around two themes: “Buy American” and “Hire American.” In sum, the executive order is intended to provide incentives for American businessmen to . . . not act too much like the guy who built Trump Tower with illegal-immigrant labor and who relies on the H-2B visa program to keep Mar-a-Lago stocked with dishwashers and housekeepers. That guy, if we are to take Trump’s rhetoric seriously, is kind of a jerk, one who doesn’t care about the country at all.
The “Buy American” order is, in Trump style, pretty vague, with a lot that will need to be filled in later by people who know what the hell they’re talking about. (Fortunately, he does have a few of those around.) It makes minor administrative changes to existing “Buy American” federal procurement rules, which date back to the “Buy American Act” passed in 1933, a year not renowned for the excellence of its political and economic ideas. Bad call, Herbert Hoover.
The Buy American Act essentially requires that the federal government go to U.S.-based providers both for raw materials such as steel and concrete and for finished goods such as computers and automobiles. Because this is incredibly stupid and fundamentally unworkable, there are waivers: Washington loves a waiver — see the Affordable Care Act. Writing an unreasonable law and including discretionary waivers puts a great deal of power in the hands of politicians, many of whom turn out to be interested in such things as money and power, which introducing a large element of uncertainty and outright capriciousness into the procurement process.
The current waiver options are pretty broad: The Buy American rules can be waived if the desired goods are not available in the United States or if U.S. providers produce goods of insufficient quality; if the cost of U.S. goods is “unreasonable”; if waiving the rules serves “the public interest.” In practice, that means if you have the right friends and make the right donations, the Buy American rules may be used to steer contracts your way. If you don’t, they won’t.
This is how you get perfectly legal corruption.
Another set of relevant rules, dating from 1979, permit the Buy American rules to be waived in favor of companies based in countries that waive their own procurement preferences, if they have them. That gets complicated for Trump, because it includes not only our NAFTA trading partners but all the signatories to the World Trade Organization’s accord on government procurement, a list that includes the European Union, China, Japan, the Republic of Korea, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Israel, Canada, and the mighty nation of Liechtenstein, the free-trading capitalistic powerhouse so open to outsourcing that it uses another country’s currency (Go, CHF!) and yet, in spite of leaving itself open to exploitation by wily foreign neo-mercantilists, manages to have the highest personal incomes in all of Europe.
The U.S. Department of Defense, which cares a great deal about having the best stuff, has more than 20 reciprocal procurements of its own. There are further agreements on things like trade in civil aircraft, which means that even Macau gets a nose in under the free-trade tent. (This 2005 GAO report is a pretty good explainer.) That’s a lot of paper, much of which cannot simply be set aside with an executive order.
Trump’s order contains some truly risible feel-good provisions, e.g. moving the sign-off requirements up the chain of command in the agencies and requiring cabinet officers to think good and hard about whether companies are based in countries that have trade practices that Donald J. Trump might consider unfair.
Don’t expect that to have much impact. It’s just another exciting distraction: chum for chumps.
No serious person in Washington takes this Buy American stuff seriously as anything other than what it is: a shakedown. But Washington is not populated exclusively by serious people.
Which brings us to Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
A pig can sniff out a truffle from a mile away, and Schultz can root out a wheedle, no matter how low or dishonorable, in practically any situation. In the wake of the 2008–09 financial crisis, corporate welfare had a big moment, thanks in no small part to Barack Obama, who was willing to throw out the rulebook (and the bankruptcy code) in order to make sure that the GM bailout functioned as a bailout for Michigan Democrats, the most important chapter of which is called the United Auto Workers union. Republicans, who sometimes remember that they are the party of free enterprise, opposed this: GM’s feckless management and its corrupt and useless union bosses were fit for each other, Republicans reasoned, so let ’em hang together. Schultz suddenly discovered economic nationalism. If it were up to the Republicans, she said, “we would be driving foreign cars.”
At the time, she drove an Infiniti FX35, a $50,000 SUV that isn’t made in Detroit.
Schultz went on to say that Republicans who opposed bailing out Democratic interest groups rejected “American exceptionalism,” a favorite conservative idea at the moment.
Economic nationalism and — a plainly fascist term — “economic patriotism” were all the rage in the Obama years. Ted Strickland — the former Ohio governor who upon leaving office was laid so low as to go to work for the Center for American Progress — gave a speech in which he indicted Mitt Romney’s deficit of “economic patriotism.” (Being all class, he later told a laughing and cheering crowd that the death of Antonin Scalia “happened at a good time.”) Barack Obama, complaining that George W. Bush’s economic policies were lining Chinese pockets, denounced him as “unpatriotic.”
Trump told the crowd in Wisconsin that his order will “protect workers and students like you. It’s America First — you better believe it!” Of course, that’s what Obama said when he was stirring the same mess for the same reason. That’s what Debbie Wasserman Schultz says when she wants a handout for her friends in Michigan. That’s what Ted Strickland used to say back when people listened to things said by Ted Strickland. People have been saying the same dumb things back to 1933 and the original Buy American Act. It was said for decades before, going back to the debate over the Corn Laws in England.
But it wasn’t protection from Big Daddy that made the United States the most powerful country in the world and the one with the most dynamic economy in human history. It was innovation, work, and investment, none of which can be managed on a fly-by-wire basis from the White House or from Mar-a-Lago, no matter how excellent the professional performance of all the nefarious foreigners employed there.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On Friday, the news media were so sure North Korea would conduct a nuclear test over the weekend to celebrate the 105th birthday of Kim Il-Sung that they almost started a countdown clock. The test never happened. Some experts said this was because President Trump caused North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to “blink.”
On Saturday, North Korea did attempt a celebratory ballistic-missile test, which failed seconds after launch. There has been speculation in the media that this failure was due to U.S. sabotage, possibly a cyberattack.
While I believe the above explanations of both events are unlikely, North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs still pose serious and growing threats because they represent an unstable regime developing and testing increasingly advanced WMDs based on poor engineering and badly inadequate R&D. This is why a new U.S. approach to the threat from North Korea is long overdue.
I did not believe a nuclear test would occur as part of North Korea’s weekend celebration. I was not convinced by commercial-satellite imagery cited by some experts as evidence of an imminent nuclear test, since there is constant activity at North Korea’s nuclear test site that often leads to predictions of nuclear tests that do not occur. On the other hand, when North Korea actually conducts nuclear tests, these same experts are usually caught off guard.
Predicting North Korean nuclear tests is difficult, because Pyongyang is aware it is being watched by U.S. spy satellites. North Korea probably engages in subterfuge at its test site to make the world think nuclear tests are imminent when they are not, and to conceal preparations for actual tests.
North Korean nuclear tests during major celebrations like the 105th birthday of Kim Il-Sung are unlikely because, as North Korea’s nuclear program becomes more sophisticated, the chances of failed tests increase. North Korean leaders probably wanted to avoid the humiliation of a failed nuclear test on an important holiday when the eyes of the world were fixed on the Hermit Kingdom.
There also is a more likely and simpler explanation for North Korea’s April 15 missile test and its subsequent failure. North Korean officials probably decided to conduct a missile test as a demonstration of their nation’s military might that had a higher likelihood of success than a nuclear test.
While some experts are speculating the missile test failed because of U.S. sabotage or cyber warfare, the more likely explanation is that the failure was due to the poor state of North Korean science and engineering. Arms-control expert Jeffrey Lewis is “deeply skeptical” that the U.S. was responsible for the failed missile test, and he said in a recent Axios.com interview, “The failures we’ve seen are better explained by the pains of the R&D process. There is a reason that ‘rocket science’ is a metaphor for something that is hard to do.”
About 50 percent of North Korean missile tests — and 88 percent of its intermediate Musudan missile tests — have failed. This is what happens when a brutal totalitarian regime tries to pursue a complex weapons program using borrowed and stolen technology and relies on third-rate scientists.
It goes without saying that the world’s leading experts in rocketry and physics are not flocking to North Korea to work on the WMD programs of an evil totalitarian regime with a serious job-security problem — Leader Kim may have you executed if your project encounters failures or setbacks.
North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs prove the old adage “a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.” The research-and-engineering deficiencies of these weapon programs make them more dangerous and unpredictable, since this unstable rogue nation is rapidly developing increasingly advanced WMD technologies that its scientists may not fully understand and have been poorly designed. This increases the chances of a catastrophic accident, possibly when an ICBM test goes off course and strikes a neighboring country.
Moreover, more powerful North Korean underground nuclear tests could accidentally release large amounts of radioactive gases that could threaten neighboring states. According to former director of Los Alamos National Laboratory Siegfried Hecker, “one of the risks Pyongyang takes in trying to demonstrate a [nuclear] test at a higher level is that they may produce fissures that allow radioactive seepage or possibly cause a major blowout from the tunnel.”
Only North Korea’s leaders know exactly how advanced their nuclear-weapons program is. It does appear, based on seismic data after previous North Korean nuclear tests, that its nuclear devices are increasing in yield. The world must assume the worst: that North Korea’s nuclear-weapons program is making rapid advances in developing more powerful nuclear warheads that will eventually be mounted on missiles, including ICBMs capable of hitting the United States.
Similarly, despite setbacks in its ballistic-missile program, there are signs that Pyongyang is accelerating this effort and making significant progress. While the parade of missiles and missile canisters displayed over the weekend in Pyongyang may have included mockups of missiles that are not operational or empty canisters, the parade included what appeared to be two brand-new ICBMs and solid-fueled intermediate-range missiles that can be launched quickly and are easy to hide. The submarine-launched KN-11 missile also was displayed; it could pose a serious threat to Japan and South Korea.
The short- to medium-term risks from North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs probably will not be ICBMs carrying nuclear warheads fired at the United States. They are more likely to stem from catastrophic failures of missile or nuclear tests.
North Korean long-range missile tests will be especially provocative, since the United States and regional states may try to shoot them down out of concern that these missiles could accidentally strike a neighboring state and because they cannot be sure they are not North Korean attacks. This could spark North Korean retaliation and a dangerous military confrontation.
A future underground North Korean nuclear test that vents significant amounts of radioactive gases might be a game changer and could fundamentally change Beijing’s approach to the North Korean nuclear program if these gases drift over Chinese territory. The Trump administration must explain this possibility to Beijing, and why it must act before such a disaster occurs.
North Korea has learned over the last 25 years that developing, testing, and threating to attack with nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles is a successful strategy to extort concessions from the international community in exchange for pretending to halt these programs. I believe the Trump administration understands that the Kim regime’s missile and nuclear programs are becoming too dangerous to allow this pattern of appeasement to continue. Hopefully China also realizes this too, and will begin cooperating with the United States to implement more aggressive steps to pressure Pyongyang to halt these programs and work with Washington on the only real solution to the North Korean problem: regime change.
— Fred Fleitz is senior vice president for policy and programs with the Center for Security Policy. He worked in national-security positions for 25 years with the CIA, the State Department, and the House Intelligence Committee. Follow him on Twitter @fredfleitz
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: The following piece is adapted from “Preserving the Values of the West,” the remarks delivered by Ayaan Hirsi Ali upon accepting the 2016 Philip Merrill Award for Outstanding Contributions to Liberal Arts Education alongside her husband, Niall Ferguson. It is reprinted here with permission.
The specific example I would like to address today is the relationship between men and women. All cultures have strong views on marriage, family, divorce, promiscuity, and parenting. Not all cultures are similar or interchangeable, however.
Within Islam today, I believe that we can distinguish three different groups of Muslims in the world based on how they envision and practice their faith, with important consequences for women.
The first group is the most problematic — the fundamentalists who envision a regime based on Shariah, Islamic religious law. They argue for an Islam largely or completely unchanged from its original seventh-century version and take it as a requirement of their faith that they impose it on everyone else.
I call them Medina Muslims, in that they see the forcible imposition of Shariah as their religious duty, following the example of the Prophet Muhammad when he was based in Medina. They exploit their fellow Muslims’ respect for Shariah law as a divine code that takes precedence over civil laws. It is only after they have laid this foundation that they are able to persuade their recruits to engage in jihad. There is no equality between men and women in their eyes, either legally or in daily practice.
The second group — and the clear majority throughout the Muslim world — consists of Muslims who are loyal to the core creed and worship devoutly but are not inclined to practice violence or even intolerance toward non-Muslims.
I call this group “Mecca Muslims,” after the first phase of Islam and the peaceful Qur’anic verses that were revealed in Mecca. In this group, the position of women is contested.
More recently, and partly in response to the rise of Islamic terrorism, a third group is emerging within Islam: Muslim reformers — or, as I call them, “modifying Muslims” — who promote the separation of religion from politics and other reforms. Although some are apostates, the majority of dissidents are believers, among them clerics who have come to realize that their religion must change if its followers are not to be condemned to an interminable cycle of political violence. Reformers generally favor equality between men and women.
The future of Islam and the world’s relationship with Muslims will be decided by which of the two minority groups — the Medina Muslims or the reformers — can win the support of the rather passive Meccan majority.
In the West, most people of good will are committed to providing women with equal rights and the opportunity to build a good future for themselves, to develop into autonomous human beings.
The people I would call “Medina Muslims” — men such as Sayyid Qutb, Yusuf al-Qaradawi, or Osama bin Laden — offer an alternative vision. They claim that their vision, based on Shariah law, is in all ways superior to the norms prevailing in the West. Medina Muslims churn out the statistics — which are of course widely available in the West — of divorce, single parenting, prostitution, the hook-up culture on American campuses. They offer crude and simple remedies: segregate the sexes; cover women from head to toe (the modesty doctrine) to prevent men from losing sexual control; marry girls off as early as possible on Shariah terms; and a list of other measures.
Medina Muslims claim that, when all of these Shariah measures toward women have been adopted, the vexing problems of promiscuity, children born out of wedlock, and the social chaos (fitna) they view in Western countries will cease. Yet Medina Muslims are uncomfortable when pressed to explain why Shariah measures implemented in Saudi Arabia, Iran, and to some extent in Pakistan have not resolved every conceivable social ill. On the contrary, what we see in those countries is often appalling mistreatment of women and especially of young girls.
In Saudi Arabia, a woman’s testimony is usually not accepted in criminal cases and is worth half a man’s testimony in civil cases. In 2009, Saudi Arabia’s Grand Mufti, Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh, said “a girl aged ten or twelve can be married. Those who think she’s too young are wrong and they are being unfair to her.”
In Iran, married women cannot leave the country without their husband’s permission. After a child is seven years old, custody of the child automatically goes to the father (unless the father is severely disqualified, for example insane). A mother also loses custody of her young children if she remarries.
In 2016, the chair of Pakistan’s Council of Islamic Ideology, an important advisory body, sanctioned “light” wife-beating.
Feminist academics in the West might be expected to call out Medina Muslims, or at least to enable students to think through the consequences of implementing Shariah measures such as we see in Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Yet what we see is rather different. It is striking how many American university professors and students reject any analysis of a real conflict between enlightened Western values and unreformed Shariah, even as Western civilization is mocked and its many contributions to human freedom and gender equality cynically dismissed.
This year, as one indication of the zeitgeist, Duke University’s Women Center created a new (optional) nine-week seminar that aims to have young men “critique and analyze their own masculinity and toxic masculinities.” With reasonable confidence, I predict that the men participating in these sessions will be well-intentioned, mild-mannered young American men, who are already inclined toward respect for women. One topic that will not be examined, I suspect, is Islamic law, or the conflict between Western notions of women’s equality and Islamic views on the subject.
At many American universities today, any critical examination pertaining to Islam, including Shariah and the treatment of women in Islam, is declared to be out of the realm of scrutiny. My thoughts on the crisis within Islam were so terrifying to Brandeis University — the university named for a champion of the First Amendment — that it withdrew its invitation to speak and accept an honorary degree. A strange irony that my story frightened the university more than the litany of honor killings and wholesale abuse of women in so many parts of the Islamic world.
This is a world turned upside down. A good education presupposes a free and open exchange of ideas on the basis of reason and reputable primary sources. This is why the work of the American Council of Trustees and Alumni matters: It calls clearly for the freedom to discuss and study the challenging issues of our times.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: Jay Nordlinger began this journal on Monday. For Parts I and II, go here and here.
Where were we? I’ve given a talk here at the Athenaeum at Claremont McKenna College. A talk about politics on campus. I think campus is often the wrong place for politics. There will be time enough for politics later. Politics should not be allowed to pervade, and poison, campus life. Too many of our campuses are warped by politics.
In the Q&A, students disagree with me. (There are not a lot of questions in the Q&A, by the way.) They say that politics is part and parcel of campus life, and of themselves. “Who I am is political,” says one young man.
Many of these kids are political from the hair on their head to the nails on their toes. Music, food, sports — everything is political to them. Politics belongs everywhere.
This message, I understand, even if I don’t agree with it. I also understand that some students feel they are forced to be political, because they’re gay, for example, and must fight for gay marriage, etc.
At least, I think I’ve heard that. It’s hard to be sure. The student who is manning the microphone nods vigorously when her fellow students speak. She clearly understands them, and, even more clearly, agrees.
I listen very carefully. And I understand each English word separately. But I don’t understand them when they are strung together, by those commenting. Frankly, even some of the individual words I don’t understand: like “positionality.”
One student tells me I think the way I do because of my “positionality.” I think she means that my sex, race, and so on determine how I think.
That’s interesting: I’m a white man from Michigan. So is Michael Moore, the leftist documentarian. He and I think very differently.
Seldom am I at a loss for words. In fact, I am all too glib. But I find myself painfully speechless. I can’t answer some of the kids because I really don’t understand them — much as I wish I did. I’m a flopperoo.
One thing occurs to me, as I listen: I think people have taught some of these students that they are oppressed. Therefore, they feel oppressed. I wish they could meet people who suffer real oppression. Millions around the world would trade places with them in a heartbeat.
It also occurs to me that students spend way too much time thinking about themselves. Of course, people in general do, including me: I have chastised myself for it from time to time. I’m afraid that students are encouraged to gaze at their own navels. They would be far better off if they could cast their gaze outward.
There are simply people who want to be political, 24/7, all the year round. I’ve met plenty of them. There’s nothing you can do to stop them. Politics, for them, is like oxygen. I’ve also met plenty of people under dictatorship who are forced to be political. They would dearly like to lead a normal life — to tend their garden, so to speak. But oppressors have forced them into dissidence.
Also, I’ve discovered this: Many people are attached to what they regard as their identity — an identity of a political, even a tribal, nature. I touched on this phenomenon in a recent essay (here). I realize this is not a news flash: People are tribal. Duh. It’s just that America is less exempt than I once thought it was.
Why is America swimming in identity politics? Because so many people want it. If they didn’t, we wouldn’t have it.
The older I get, the more I realize that the liberal spirit is relatively rare. A universalist spirit is relatively rare. I find this on left and right. People cling to their tribes, their skin colors, their ethnicities, what have you. Go team go. E pluribus unum may be our motto, but a great many people in America reject it, I can tell you.
I never believed it before. I have come to believe it.
You could write a book — or at least a long and interesting scholarly essay — called “Balkanization by Choice.” That’s a lousy choice, in my book. But who’s asked me?
I must say, I leave the Athenaeum in a spirit of defeat. Seldom have I found an experience with students so demoralizing.
As before — many times before — I burn at the people who have taught our young. Or mistaught them. (You can say that our “culture” at large, as well as individual teachers, does the teaching.) Oscar Hammerstein has an ever-useful lyric: “You’ve got to be carefully taught.” It’s in his song about racism, from South Pacific. People don’t emerge from the womb thinking this baloney. They are fed it, they are taught it.
Someone brews the Kool-Aid, which others then drink.
This identity-politics gibberish that so many students speak: They weren’t born speaking it, any more than they were born speaking English, Spanish, or Chinese. Someone taught it to them, and thereby did them a huge disservice.
Speaking of strange tongues: At Claremont, you may be asked for your pronouns. For example, you may not be “he” and “him.” You may prefer “zer” and “erp.”
Also, they have an “Identity Series” here at Claremont — “designed to empower students with marginalized identities.”
Listen: If this sort of thing has reached Claremont, where has it not reached? Bennington, Reed, or Oberlin, you might understand. But Claremont? Home of the Claremont Institute? These stomping grounds of Harry Jaffa and other greats?
I consider Claremont la crème de la crème. And if Claremont is doing pronouns and all that — it’s lights out. La commedia è finita, or so I am tempted to think. Last call in the saloon of Western civilization has been called.
But I’m probably just having a gloomy moment …
Help me think about something, please: I’m sure that, in every era, older people think that young people live on a different planet. Fogeys have always been befuddled. Young people have always rolled their eyes at older people.
But let me ask you: Is there something different about now? Or do older people in every era say, “Yes, there is something different about now!”?
I also have this thought: What if I were a student on campus today? I’m afraid I wouldn’t last a week. I’m too mouthy, too free. Practically every word out of my mouth would be subject to disciplinary action. I’d forget a pronoun here or there — and I’d be toast.
The morning after my talk at the Athenaeum, I wake up to a long letter from a student, sent in the wee hours. This is a heartrending and infuriating letter. He tells what it’s like to be a conservative on campus: constantly afraid, or constantly put down. It’s especially hard to be a “person of color” when you’re not toeing the line.
Can you imagine the pressure?
The student says that even to be associated with the likes of me — even to be seen talking with the likes of me — may have a negative effect. He talks of being an “untouchable” on campus.
I am aghast. I barely have the words (again).
Claremont neighborhoods are lined with trees, and, on one tree, someone has tacked a sign: “Head Up, Shoulders Back.” That’s a nice reminder, and admonition.
The garbage truck has a mechanical arm, picking up bins designed to go with the arm. A human being is driving the truck. But he seems to be the only one necessary.
Is this a good thing, a great technological and human advance? Or is it a bad thing, leading to greater unemployment, narrowing people’s options? I suppose people have debated this kind of thing since the Industrial Revolution, if not before.
Pretty soon, we won’t have any truck drivers, will we? What will they do instead? Will the invisible hand provide? Will the invisible hand be allowed to provide, or hindered by government?
To be continued …
Yesterday, I met a student who spent a year in Marrakech. I said, “They have the best orange juice in the world, don’t they?” She agreed. And they do. Why, I don’t know. But they do.
Well, I must say, here in Claremont, the orange juice — fresh-squeezed — isn’t too bad either.
Okay, we’ll move on to Fullerton. Thanks for joining me, ladies and gentlemen. I’ll see you tomorrow, when we wrap up.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
One of the (many) things that make the Trump presidency so hard to read is that the chapters are all out of order.
Traditionally, during the transition period, presidents-elect are out of the limelight. But while Barack Obama was still in the White House, Donald Trump announced “deals” and appointments that made it seem as if he were already in office, hitting the ground running to Make America Great Again. On the entirely subjective calculus of wins, he probably had more before his inauguration than any president.
Conversely, the first 100 days are supposed to be a time of big domestic legislative achievements. Instead, they’ve looked more like the lame-duck period of a president’s second term.
Once sworn in, rather than get a political honeymoon with the news media, Trump had an angry divorce. And instead of giving Trump a big gift-wrapped box of legislation, Congress has mostly given him the sorts of headaches presidents have to deal with when they’ve lost their clout.
The White House is touting its raft of executive orders as proof that things are getting done and promises are being kept. That’s a fair spin. Trump campaigned on repealing a slew of Obama’s executive orders and other “job-killing” regulations.
But that doesn’t change the fact that presidents usually turn to executive orders when getting big stuff through Congress is impossible and to prove they still have their mojo. Hence Obama’s famous quip in 2014 that he still had “a pen and a phone.”
There’s another thing presidents famously do in their second terms, when Congress isn’t interested in the president’s agenda: retreat to foreign policy. Ronald Reagan concentrated on dealing with the Soviets. Bill Clinton focused on peace negotiations in Northern Ireland and the Middle East and his air war in the former Yugoslavia. George W. Bush launched the surge in Iraq, gave a shot at Israeli–Palestinian peace talks, and ramped up a massive humanitarian effort to fight AIDS in Africa. Obama’s second term was dominated by his obsession with getting a nuclear deal with Iran.
And now President Trump, early in his first term, is trying the same trick. That’s because, according to numerous reports from inside the shockingly leaky White House (another feature of lame duck presidencies, when staffers look to their own political future), Trump is eager for “wins.” As Trump’s informal adviser Larry Kudlow told the Washington Post, “The president wants W’s — he wants wins.”
His biggest “W” to date was the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, which came when he turned to seasoned pros who know how to get things done in Washington, namely Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell and Leonard Leo of the Federalist Society. His other big “W” was his missile strike on Syria, for which he also had seasoned pros to thank: Defense Secretary James Mattis and National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster.
It’s early yet, but that strike, combined with Trump’s authorization of a massive bomb drop on an alleged Islamic State compound in Afghanistan, has yielded other apparent foreign-policy W’s. China seems to be cooperating in the administration’s effort to squeeze the North Korean regime. Domestically, these moves succeeded in sucking some of the oxygen out of the media’s feeding frenzy over allegations that Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia and claims that he is a “puppet” of Russian president Vladimir Putin.
It seems a fair guess that Trump’s response will be “more, please.” As Fox News anchor Bret Baier recently put it, Trump is “not that ideological. He is more practical and he is looking for W’s, wins. If you turn to the Pentagon and say, ‘give me some wins,’ they have got a long list of things that can produce W’s.”
Trump’s sudden transformation into a foreign-policy president isn’t necessarily sinister. Obama’s policy of “strategic patience” and “leading from behind” left a lot of low-hanging fruit for Trump to pluck.
The question is, what happens when the list of easy W’s runs out? There’s little evidence that Trump is operating with a coherent strategic vision, which means that he won’t have thought-out criteria for knowing when to say no to the generals he clearly admires. For a true lame-duck president, that may not matter — when the W’s run out, he’s out of office. For a first-term president who just acts like a lame-duck president, it’s another story.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The first and only time I’ve been jolted awake by air-raid sirens came in Seoul, South Korea, in 2010. I had of course heard tornado-warning sirens before; I grew up in the South, after all. But I’d never heard anything like this. I was sleeping in a tent in the middle of the Yongsan Garrison, taking a break from my night shift during a military exercise called Operation Key Resolve, which was designed to simulate the resumption of hostilities on the Korean peninsula. For the last several nights, I’d been thinking about nothing but the next Korean War as I watched the simulated advance of North Korean infantry divisions toward Seoul.
So when the air-raid sirens went off in mid-afternoon, for a half-second before I got my bearings and realized it was a routine drill, I thought the nightmare scenario I had seen on the computer screen had become real, and I had seconds to find cover before North Korean artillery flattened part of Seoul.
I’ve thought often of my short deployment to Korea, of the hours in the bunker, of the staggering projected casualty counts accumulating on the monitors, and the feeling of total vulnerability when the sirens blared across Seoul. I had returned from Iraq 18 months before, but already I was beginning to understand the fundamental difference between the dormant Korean conflict and our years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan. It’s the difference between counterinsurgency and total war, between a slow bleed and wholesale slaughter.
And it’s a difference Americans no longer understand.
SLIDESHOW: North Korea’s Military on Parade
The generation that fought in World War II and Korea is dying off. We no longer have lawmakers, generals, or diplomats who know what it’s like to endure a sustained artillery barrage. We haven’t seen allied cities burn, or casualties mount into the tens and then hundreds of thousands in mere days. Not for 30 years has the world witnessed a large-scale battlefield gas attack, and not for generations have we seen the kind of immediate, city-busting attack that not even Syria’s Assad could carry out.
All of those things would be in play if the armistice that has held for nearly 65 years was broken and hostilities resumed on the Korean peninsula. The news media repeat stats about the number of North Korean artillery pieces or rocket launchers that could hit Seoul, or the number of North Korean missiles that could hit any target on the peninsula, and it sounds more like a game of Risk than real life. After all, we know that we have overwhelming military superiority. We know that if war comes, we’ll win. We might even think that our nation is somehow combat-hardened after 15 years in Afghanistan and 13 years in Iraq.
While the causes of war and the incentives for peace are often complex, there is one factor that’s almost always underestimated: memory. Memory is one reason why Europe enjoyed a time of relative peace after the horror of the Napoleonic wars, why the Western powers were desperate to avoid a second world war, and why deterrence worked in the Cold War. When you’ve experienced horror, you tend not to want to experience it again.
Indeed, we see the power of recent memory in our own national debate. The sharp and painful memory of failed nation-building shapes our foreign policy today, constraining our choices even in the face of persistent threats. But I fear that the absence of memory is shaping our response to the challenge of North Korea. We have forgotten total war, and now we risk total war.
For many years, the Korean peninsula has been a place of terrible stability.
The terrible aspect is easy to see: North Korea is a place of tyrannical horror, ruled by a backward regime that oppresses its own people on a scale seen nowhere else in the world. That regime sustains itself in part by maintaining a permanent war footing, putting its immense but antiquated forces on hair-trigger alert and promising ultimate devastation in the event of conflict. While we can bomb, say, an al-Qaeda gathering in Yemen without risking immediate catastrophe, any assault on North Korea would represent a gigantic roll of the dice, with the fate of entire cities hanging in the balance.
SLIDESHOW: On the China-North Korea Border
And that brings us to the stability. As awful as the Kim dynasty has been, aside from the initial South Korean invasion, it has not sought to become a regional hegemon like Iran. The Kims have not launched war after war, threatened a good chunk of the world’s oil reserves, shot down American aircraft, or tried to kill American presidents as Saddam Hussein did. They haven’t sought intercontinental domination like Hitler’s Germany or Tojo’s Japan. For three generations, it has served their interests to keep North Korea on the edge of war but never truly at war. And for three generations, it has served American and South Korean interests to respond in kind.
There may come a time when the terrible aspects of the North Korean regime become so pronounced that we choose to risk that fragile stability. It may even be possible to mitigate those aspects — perhaps by shooting down North Korean missiles or employing other targeted strikes — without actually inviting the cataclysm. But it’s vital that we conduct our public debate with eyes wide open, fully aware of the immense risks present on the peninsula. For more than 60 years, America has been strong, and South Korea exists and thrives today in large part because of that strength. Maintaining the status quo isn’t weak, and it very well may be prudent.
To be clear, I’m not arguing that the horror of war should dictate that we maintain peace at all costs. The understandable shock of World War I, after all, led the allies to appease Hitler until he was strong enough to trigger the worst war in human history. But there is a substantial difference between appeasing an expansionist power and maintaining deterrence and containment. North Korea is in a box of our own making. We should take great care before we break that box. Total war is a terrible thing to risk.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, an attorney, and a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Not so long ago, it appeared that ever-more-advanced polling techniques would soon render every election a snoozer: Models would tell us well in advance who would vote and how, taking drama out of the equation. Such was the case in 2012, when Nate Silver and his Five Thirty Eight team called every single state in the U.S. presidential election.
Not five years later, the idea that polling science could be perfected seems quaint. The comforting faith in polls gave way to the suspended disbelief of London elites as results came in from Sunderland on the long night last June when Brexit materialized, and to Silver’s own wildly shifting predictions the night Donald J. Trump won the White House in November. Outcomes are once again in doubt, which means elections have been made fun again.
This year’s French presidential campaign has never been boring. For starters, the primaries of both established parties — the storied Socialists and the Gaullist UMP, now somewhat oddly rebranded “Republicans” — led to the selection of extreme non-consensus candidates. On the right, the clean-cut Thatcherite François Fillon beat shoe-in centrist Alain Juppé and former president Nicolas Sarkozy. On the left, Benoît Hamon — a man who argues for the taxation of robots — beat sitting president François Hollande’s centered, centrist prime minister, Manuel Valls.
Hamon and Fillon, as the standard-bearers for France’s two major parties, were supposed to be the biggest challengers to the woman who had led the race since polling first began in 2013: Marine Le Pen. After inheriting the Front National from her fascistic father, the younger, populist Le Pen has been busy “de-diabolizing” the party, moving it to the left economically while maintaining its extreme-right positions on Europe and immigration. This direction became only more accented in the aftermath of Brexit and Trump, hence the accounts of Socialist strongholds now voting Front National.
But Le Pen’s problem was the same one her father always faced: the second round of French elections is designed to prevent a fragmented field from leading to a populist victory by mandating that the winner takes more than 50 percent of the vote. With disapproval consistently over 50 percent, Le Pen loses badly in almost every conceivable scenario — “almost” being the operative word.
Although the Anglo-American press has been veritably Le Pen–obsessed, with outlets in Britain writing more articles on her than their Gallic peers, she has led not a single runoff poll in the whole campaign. She was projected to lose against Juppé and then Fillon when they led the polls, and now she is projected to lose to the election’s third man, Emmanuel Macron.
Like Le Pen, Macron is running as an outsider, having left the Socialist party to form his own eponymous “movement,” EM. (His initials nominally stand for “En Marche!”) Over the last four months, Macron’s campaign has gathered momentum as front-runner Fillon nose-dived in polls amid corruption allegations that tainted his wife, his children, his expensive suits, and his real-estate holdings.
Macron is running on a pro-European, anti-populist platform that calls for the French welfare state to be preserved even as pro-market economic reforms, including the loosening of France’s notoriously strict labor laws, are implemented. Though sometimes weak on foreign policy, he is very strong on the question of Europe, arguing clearly that the EU needs monetary reform rather than mere monetary accommodation to be sustainable, and calling for a serious conversation about deeper integration of European finances and defense (incidentally the two of the pillars of the early American republic). His best speech on these ideas was delivered, of all places, in Berlin.
Without arguing for Fillon’s Thatcherite revolution, Macron promises a new take on “third way” supply-side reforms at a time when social democracy looks to be in decline everywhere else, from the United States to Britain, Spain, Greece, Germany, and even Italy. Aggregate polling puts him in the second round, where he is predicted to beat the other likely candidates by a considerable margin.
Over the last 40 years, second-round polls have tended to tighten, but never topple. And yet, after two long televised debates, a fourth man has risen over the last few weeks: Jean Luc Mélenchon, who is to the extreme left what Le Pen is to the extreme right — the Bernie Sanders to France’s wannabe Trump.
Not unlike Le Pen, Mélenchon and his upstart party, La France Insoumise (literally, “Unsubmissive France”), have made “la finance” and the elite the main enemy of their campaign. Given such rhetoric, it is rather unsurprising that his platform is about as realistic as Sanders’s: He calls for the immediate dismantling of the Gaullist Fifth Republic, to be replaced by a Sixth Republic “for the people”; a 100 percent tax rate on incomes over 20 times the median; the “freeing of France from finance”; and a unilateral withdrawal from NATO. His position on Europe is at best contradictory and at worst confused: He wants to change the charter of the European Central Bank to allow it to lend directly to member states and “leave current treaties” while still somehow preserving the European Union.
One suspects, in other words, that Mélenchon would not fare quite as well as Macron in Berlin. The trouble is that he appears to be faring quite well in France. With an impressive online operation rivaled on the European left only by that of Italy’s savvy 5 Star Movement, Mélenchon has gone viral. He is now the preferred candidate of the 18–25 demographic, many of whom follow his weekly YouTube fireside chats and dial thousands of potential supporters daily in a gameified twist on the tedium of electioneering. Though his rise has so far seemed to come mainly at the expense of the uninspiring Hamon, he is no longer all that far behind the front-runners.
After Hollande’s disastrous experiment with a 75 percent marginal tax rate at the beginning of his presidency, the French elite has been losing sleep over Mélenchon’s proposed 100 percent tax rate. Of course, enraging the rich has only helped him with his base, and that is what his critics miss: The main threat represented by his ascendancy is political rather than financial, given his expressed admiration for left-wing Latin American populists such as Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales.
In the post-Marxist tradition of philosophers Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe, Chávez, Morales, and their ilk have tended to deem republican checks and balances incompatible with a “volonté generale” of the disenfranchised. This populist logic may have justified their work in behalf of the poor, but it also underpinned their authoritarian lust for power and the egregious corruption of their cliques. Mélenchon is so closely identified with Chavismo in the public imagination that he felt the need to clarify this week that he does not want to “make France into Cuba.” Yet, all protestations to the contrary, his lofty plans for a Sixth Republic “free from finance” and elites are eerily reminiscent of Chávez’s own illiberal “democratization” of Venezuela. It takes real gall to argue for Venezuelan-style socialism in France at the same time that Venezuela itself is collapsing amid food shortages and the gutting of its democratic institutions.
With less than a week to go, then, the atomized French presidential field has four plausible candidates: Le Pen, Fillon, Macron and Mélenchon. Although both Le Pen and Mélenchon would lack a legislative majority to implement their extreme platforms, there are now politically viable populists on both the extreme left and the extreme right. And their populism is worryingly popular, making this election a nail-biter to the bitter end. The so-called Republican pact — the age-old unspoken agreement whereby centrist parties band together to prevent the victory of a fascistic candidate, especially one with the surname Le Pen, in the run-off — can fend off one of them in the second round, but not both.
— Pierpaolo Barbieri is executive director of the geopolitical macroeconomic advisory firm Greenmantle and a senior associate in the Applied History Project at Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. He is working on a history of Latin American populism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Alpharetta, Ga. — As we enter the final day of the special election to replace Representative Tom Price, the nation’s attention is fixed on Georgia’s sixth congressional district. Even at this late stage, the outcome of this race remains highly uncertain. But one thing is certain: The Democrat in the race has convinced much of the country that he will pull off the first big win for his party since the Republicans swept last November’s elections. That candidate, 30-year-old Jon Ossoff, is a former Democratic staffer who has managed to rake in over $8 million in donations over the course of the race. Heading into Election Day, Ossoff appears to be playing with the house’s money. He has come out on top of his Republican rivals in every poll for the past two months, and surveys indicate that he led the two weeks of early voting by a wide margin. Here, one hears a common refrain: “Could he really do it?”
Perhaps. Nevertheless, the format of this race will make it difficult for Ossoff to manage an outright victory tonight. Because neither party held a primary, the race features a total of 18 candidates. If no candidate reaches 50 percent of the vote, the top two candidates will face each other in a runoff in June.
Though Democratic support quickly coalesced around the dynamic young Ossoff, GOP voters have yet to settle on one front-runner, which helps to explain how the Democrat has easily outperformed his competition in every poll. Several Republican candidates have spent the past few months battling for top billing, but the latest numbers suggest that former Georgia secretary of state Karen Handel and local businessman and former Johns Creek city councilman Bob Gray are battling over the second slot in the June 20 runoff.
The district’s long history as a Republican stronghold also seems to suggest that Ossoff will have a tough time snatching this seat from the GOP. Georgia’s sixth congressional district — which is made up of the eastern part of Cobb County, as well as the northern parts of Fulton and DeKalb counties — has been represented by a Republican for nearly four decades straight, since 1979. For about two of those decades, the district’s congressman was Newt Gingrich; he was followed by Johnny Isakson (who is now one of Georgia’s two senators), and then Price. None of these candidates ever had any difficulty holding on to the seat.
John McCain and Mitt Romney won GA-06 by 20-point margins in 2008 and 2012 respectively. But, while Trump was able to take the district from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton last November, he did so by an unusually slim margin, which is a large part of why Democrats believe Ossoff has a good chance of pulling off a victory tonight.
Has he? Again: Maybe. But many who know the district well — much better than the outside Democrats who have swooped in to peddle Ossoff as the antidote to Trump — are quick to point out that, while GA-06 has long been Republican, it has never been Trump Republican. In the GOP presidential primary last year, Florida senator Marco Rubio won the district with nearly 40 percent of the vote. Trump came in a distant second with 28 percent, topped by a margin of about 14,000 votes. This may explain why voter enthusiasm in GA-06 paled in November.
It is worth noting, too, that, skeptical though they are of his strand of conservatism, Trump is faring better with voters in GA-06 than he is with the median voter. While his current national approval rating is at 42 percent, in March he had an approval rating of 51 percent in the sixth district.
Bob Gray is quick to note that he is the only GA-06 candidate who actively campaigned for President Trump during the general election. “If you weren’t supporting the president, you were necessarily supporting Hillary Clinton,” he says. “There were only two people running. You’re either for Hillary Clinton or against her.”
For her part, Handel doesn’t think Trump has affected this race much at all: “I know some would like to make that the narrative of the race, for their own particular purposes, but I’m not seeing it or hearing it for myself out there.”
The apparently friendly terrain has helped to foster a competitive primary. Throughout the race, Handel has consistently touted her record as a local and state politician, arguing that her proven track record makes her the best GOP option. “The people of this district know me,” she tells me at a pizza joint in Alpharetta, Ga. “They trust me, and they’ve seen the kind of job I can do at delivering results for them.”
Gray rejects Handel’s narrative emphatically. “Karen is your consummate career politician,” he insists. “She has run nine times for six races, won only twice, and never finished a term.”
Local city councilman Joe Gebbia would likely disagree with Gray’s portrayal of Handel’s record. “I think she brings with her a good balance of expertise and understanding of the issues,” he explains to me at Handel’s event. “Her experience can’t be discounted, especially her commission positions and as secretary of state.”
Hostile as they might be toward each other, however, neither Handel nor Gray can name a specific policy question on which they disagree with the president. Gray says that he is completely onboard with all 22 promises Trump made in his joint address to Congress in late February.
Although she mentions no specific disagreement with the Trump administration, Handel says she has a reputation for being an independent thinker. “I’m not a yes gal by any stretch of the imagination. That’s not going to change. Being a member of Congress and representing the sixth district is not being an extension of the White House.”
Though the GOP has been bitterly divided by this race, they all seem to agree on one thing: None of them likes the way the national Democratic party has pushed Ossoff on the district.
“To be honest with you, I’m not particularly happy about the outside influence coming in and trying to sway this,” Gebbia says, shaking his head. “I interpret that as the outside Democratic party trying to buy a seat here.”
Gebbia also notes that Ossoff doesn’t actually live in the district; he lives in the Emory area with his girlfriend and will move to GA-06 if he wins the election. While it is permissible for candidates to run for representative in a district where they don’t reside, it reinforces Ossoff’s appearance as an outsider in this race.
Gray contends that Democrats are wrong about Ossoff’s support on the ground, adding that the influx of outside money and people has given the Democratic party the appearance of a groundswell against Trump. “As we’ve spent time across the district, I don’t think they’re correct that Trump and GOP are causing more Democrats to turn out,” he says.
It is proving difficult to predict who is correct. Given the many fluctuations in the available polling and the notoriously unreliable turnout that marks special elections, this one really could go either way. The Democrats shouldn’t proclaim victory just yet.
– Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There is no such thing as pure objectivity. Whatever our calling, whether politician, journalist, policy analyst, or historian, we all have our prejudices resulting from our upbringing, our education, and our life experiences. The best we can do is to control rather than to be controlled by our prejudices, and to be as fair, balanced and objective as possible in what we say and write — and do.
Sometimes, though, we surrender to our prejudices willingly.
A case in point is Rick Perlstein, journalist of the alt-left turned historian of the Right. More than a decade ago, after years as a contributor to the left-wing The Nation and similar publications, he wrote Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus, an excellent and widely praised history about Goldwater and the early days of the conservative movement. One reviewer went so far as to hail him as another Herodotus, the father of history.
Since then, Perlstein has written two more books about American conservatism — Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America and The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan — that paint an increasingly ugly portrait of conservatism à la Dorian Gray. He has a special antipathy for conservative leaders such as Ronald Reagan, who deny what he calls the “great American divide.” Perlstein’s prejudices are revealed when he uses such loaded phrases as “a phony and a hustler, “a ludicrous sham,” “diarrhea mouth,” and “the Candidate from Disneyland” when referring to Reagan. His scorn ignores the uplifting and sorely needed rhetoric of the most successful presidents of the 20th century — Franklin D. Roosevelt and Reagan.
Perlstein’s ever-darker picture of the American Right, which he claims is responsible for a divided America, comes to full fruition in a recent New York Times Magazine article, “I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong.” Jonah Goldberg of National Review and Mark Hemingway of The Weekly Standard have written convincing rebuttals worthy of reading, but here are some additional thoughts.
One, the conservative movement and President Trump are not one and the same. The existence of the former does not depend upon the latter’s success or failure. The movement, guided by principle and not by politics, will support Trump when he warrants it, as with his selection of Supreme Court justice Neil Gorsuch and his proposed tax cuts, and criticize Trump when he deserves it, as with his feckless tweets and $1 trillion infrastructure plan.
Two, the modern American conservative movement is not and never has been a creature of the KKK, as implied by Perlstein, or inspired by the radical 1930s priest Charles Coughlin, who distributed the anti-Semitic forgery “Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion.”
The movement is inspired not by the “Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion” or Mein Kampf but by the wise words of F. A. Hayek, Russell Kirk, William F. Buckley Jr., and Irving Kristol and the principled deeds of politicians such as Robert Taft, Barry Goldwater, Ronald Reagan, Newt Gingrich, and Paul Ryan, who do not march up and down the halls of Congress in hobnailed boots.
Perlstein populates his always-midnight underworld with devils and demons who shoot muggers at point-blank range like Charles Bronson in Death Wish, deny black applicants the opportunity to rent federal housing, and warn of “a diabolical transnational cabal of aliens plotting to undermine the very foundations of Christian civilization.” Perlstein’s “inferno” is ruled by the idea of “herrenvolk republicanism,” which preserves social democracy solely for the white majority.
It is a nightmare world that exists only in the fevered imagination of Rick Perlstein, who urges future historians to push aside Buckley, Goldwater, and Reagan and study conservatism’s “con artists and tribunes of white rage” if they want to make sense of Donald Trump. But if they do, they will find little there but a few scraps of paper and some antique recordings of demagogues whose influence soon faded like their shrill voices and hateful pamphlets.
To find the truth, read historians such as George Nash, Douglas Brinkley, Lou Cannon, Matthew Dallek, Paul Kengor, Craig Shirley, and Steven Hayward. Unlike Perlstein, they give us a true portrait of an intellectual movement committed to ordered liberty that became a political movement and then a governing movement whose influence continues to this day.
—  Lee Edwards is a distinguished fellow in conservative thought at the Heritage Foundation.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The phrase “stand your ground” entered popular parlance following the trial of George Zimmerman, who in 2013 was acquitted of murder charges after he successfully defended himself against a deadly-force attack by Trayvon Martin. Political activists whom today we would call the Black Lives Matter movement saw the Zimmerman trial as an opportunity to push their narrative of a racist and murderous white society intent on keeping down minorities generally and on killing young black men in particular.
Unfortunately for the activists, the facts of the Zimmerman case in no way supported their desired narrative, so they launched an intensive propaganda effort. The sheer scale of it is beyond the scope of this post, but those who are interested in an overview can look to my writings on the subject here.
A key component of the propaganda campaign was the effort to demonize the phrase “stand your ground.” The legal definition of it is rather innocuous, as I’ll explain below, so it became necessary to redefine the phrase to mean something nefarious.
The goal of the activists was to create in the public’s mind the misunderstanding that stand-your-ground law was a grant of, in effect, a racist “license to murder,” granted to angry white people eager to hunt down and kill minorities. To the extent that stand-your-ground could be marginalized, portrayed as a law unique to Florida and therefore an aberration, so much the better.
Enjoying the benefit of the complicity of most of the mainstream media and, in some cases, of their ignorance, the activists have achieved their propaganda goals. The reality of stand-your-ground is, of course, quite different from what they would have us think.
Stand-your-ground is not a legal aberration. At the time of the Zimmerman trial, only 18 states did not adhere to the “stand your ground” doctrine. The other 32 imposed no legal duty on victims of unlawful attacks to retreat before they could use deadly force in self-defense.
Despite the years-long campaign to demonize the phrase “stand your ground,” the legal principle has only become more common. Since Zimmerman’s acquittal, three more states have joined the ranks of the stand-your-ground majority. Alaska adopted stand-your-ground in 2013, and Missouri did so early this year. And last week, Iowa’s governor signed stand-your-ground into law for the Hawkeye State. (The stand-your-ground portion of the signed legislation will not take actual effect until July 1, according to Iowa’s usual practice.)
Could it be that the large majority of states where stand-your-ground is the law — including, notably, California, which has been a stand-your-ground state since the 19th century — have all adopted a murderous and racist legal doctrine? Of course not. The reality is that stand-your-ground serves the interests of innocent victims of violent criminal predation — including, and perhaps especially, minorities, who are disproportionately likely to be victims of violent crime. This is apparent when one understands what stand-your-ground means and what it doesn’t mean.
The general model of the legal defense of self-defense is consistent across all 50 states. It can consist of up to five elements. They are cumulative: All required elements must be present or your claim of self-defense fails. They’re straightforward.
Innocence: You must not have been the aggressor or have provoked the fight.
Imminence: The threat against which you acted in self-defense must have been about to happen right now. It must not have been just some speculative future threat.
Proportionality: You must have used no more force than necessary.
Avoidance: You must take advantage of any safe avenue of retreat before using deadly force in defense against a deadly-force attack.
Reasonableness: Your conduct must have been both subjectively and objectively reasonable.
Note, however, that it is possible for one of these normally required elements to be waived as a matter of law. What stand-your-ground states have done is waive the element of avoidance from their self-defense requirements, leaving in place the remaining four elements. In contrast, the 15 “duty to retreat” states continue to impose the element of avoidance. They require all five elements.
In the 35 stand-your-ground states,you will not be put in jail for the rest of your life if other people decide after the fact, while sitting in safety and considering the matter in 20/20 hindsight, that some purportedly safe avenue of retreat was available to you. Under these exact same circumstances, the 15 duty-to-retreat states reserve the right to send you to jail, perhaps for life.
Understanding what stand-your-ground is makes clear what it isn’t. Stand-your-ground does not allow you to be the aggressor or to provoke a fight. It does not allow you to act in self-defense before the threat against you is imminent. It does not allow you to use more defensive force than necessary. And it does not allow you to act unreasonably in self-defense. Should you fail on any of those criteria, you lose your claim of self-defense, regardless of whether the state is stand-your-ground or duty-to-retreat.
In closing, I present a list of the 15 remaining duty-to-retreat states. May their number continue to dwindle: Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Rhode Island, Wyoming.
— Andrew F. Branca is a self-defense attorney and the author of The Law of Self Defense: The Indispensable Guide for the Armed Citizen.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece is reprinted from Acculturated with permission.
During my first job interview after college, my interviewer asked, “What did you learn in college that can best translate to working here?” My answer: “Waitressing.” As a history and Jewish-studies major, studying and writing papers on topics as varied as early African history to early Islam to the history of the Israel–Palestine conflict were of little use in an office setting. What I had learned outside the classroom, however, in my 40-plus hours of work per week, was customer service, how to smile while getting yelled at, and how to work hard without the usual Millennial need for constant positive affirmation.
Why did I go to college and continue to pay good money (my own money, in addition to grants from the federal government and my university) to obtain an education I used so little? As many members of my high-school class who did not obtain college degrees can attest, the job pool for those without one is slim pickings, to say the least. A bachelor’s degree is what a high-school diploma once was. Even Chicago’s Mayor Rahm Emanuel acknowledges as much, recently saying, “The school system of K through 12 is not applicable to the world and the economy and the world that our high-school students are graduating to.”
Unfortunately, the mayor’s solution to this challenge, according to CBS News, is to require that “all Chicago Public School students starting with this year’s freshman class would have to show an acceptance letter to a four-year university, a community college, a trade school or apprenticeship, an internship, or a branch of the armed services in order to receive their high school diploma.”
Wouldn’t logic dictate that if public high school, an institution that already costs taxpayers a lot of money, is failing, the answer is not to add more expensive schooling requirements but rather to improve what is already there?
Chicago’s proposal is a perfect example of what public policy looks like when it is shaped by individuals who were raised with advantages (and don’t have a clue how people without them actually live their lives). College may indeed be the obvious next step for the middle and upper-middle class, but what of the families with sons and daughters who need and want to enter the workforce right after high school? Or those engaged in an informal apprenticeship, learning a trade without officially working as an apprentice? Or those beginning work in the family business? Or young mothers and fathers who need to provide for their families?
Yet again, those in the business of expanding the government’s role in citizens’ private lives think they know better how adults should be living after graduation; so much so that the city of Chicago has the chutzpah to hold an earned high-school diploma hostage in order to ensure those graduating choose the “right” path.
Big-government nanny staters aren’t just considering holding back diplomas in order to force Americans into the college system. In Washington, D.C., the nation’s capital and the home of some of the worst government meddlers in the nation, child-care workers are now being forced to obtain degrees in order to work in a child-care setting. Child care in the D.C. metropolitan area is already expensive; these new regulations are set to make it next to impossible to afford for many middle-class families.
Many families might prefer that their children’s care-givers have experience in early education, and if they do, they are fully within their right to seek out those (more expensive) options in a city already replete with child-care choices. For families just scraping by, however, the edict only puts living in the city, or working outside the home, out of the budget.
It’s natural, of course, that lawmakers with elite degrees believe everyone should be going to college (especially since colleges do a great job of indoctrinating students in an ideological liberalism that comports with elite expectations). What is frightening about what is happening in Chicago and Washington, D.C., is the power of the government to effectively coerce people into enrolling by threatening to withhold a high-school diploma or block a career in child care that shouldn’t require a degree. With Democratic politicians exercising a stranglehold over both cities, the only hope for a rollback of either policy is a revolt from residents when graduation rates plummet, or, in the case of Washington, when child-care costs skyrocket. The old adage goes, “Conservatives are just liberals who’ve been mugged by reality.” Liberal lawmakers in both Chicago and Washington may want to reconsider what they’re doing to their constituents, lest they find themselves in the near future facing a citizenry that has embraced reality.
— Bethany Mandel writes on politics and culture, and is a senior contributor to the Federalist. This piece originally appeared at Acculturated.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If you prize clarity, these past weeks were some of the best in memory.
1. When America leads, the world is better. For the first time in eight years, the allies of America and the world’s decent people celebrated America’s return to leadership. Just about all of them understand that if the United States doesn’t exercise its power, the worst regimes on earth will.
The Left claims to care about the downtrodden of the world, but this concern is a moral fraud. The downtrodden the Left most cares about are American blacks, women, and gays, and Palestinians. But these groups aren’t downtrodden; they are merely a vehicle by which the Left attacks America and Israel to gain power. The truly downtrodden, that is, the most oppressed people in the world — such as Christians living in the Middle East, and the victims of Assad’s tyranny — know who really cares about them: Trump and America’s conservatives.
2. The terrible presidency of Barack Obama is beginning to be acknowledged. Following President Trump’s order to attack Syria about 63 hours after the Syrian regime used chemical weapons, even many in the mainstream media couldn’t help but contrast his prompt response with Barack Obama’s non-response to Assad’s use of chemical weapons in 2013. And almost every report further noted that Obama failed to do anything after having promised that he would regard the use of chemical weapons by Assad as crossing a “red line.”
Likewise, Obama’s do-nothing policies vis-à-vis North Korea are being contrasted with Trump’s warnings to Kim Jong-un about further testing of ICBMs and pressure on China’s leaders to rein in the North Korean regime.
These contrasts are important for a number of reasons, not least of which is that there is now hope that Mr. Obama’s star will dim as time goes on.
This will come as somewhat of a surprise to those on the left, but many of us who are not on the left believe that Barack Obama did more damage to America than any previous president — economically, militarily, and socially.
Regarding the last of these, as the first black president in American history, he could have been an unprecedented force for racial healing, but instead left America more racially divided than any modern president. In his repeated citing of “Ferguson,” for example, he helped spread the lie that a white racist Missouri police officer had, without reason (other than racial bias), killed an innocent black teenager.
He deceived the American people (“If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor, ” etc.)  in order to pass Obamacare, one of the largest government-expanding programs in American history. He used presidential power in an unprecedentedly authoritarian manner. He showed far more understanding of the Iranian theocracy than of the Israeli democracy. His Internal Revenue Service and Department of Justice were politicized in ways reminiscent of corrupt Third World regimes. And he left America fighting a (thus far nonviolent) second Civil War.
3. The interminably repeated left-wing lie that Trump and Putin are in cahoots has exploded. With Trump’s military attack on Assad and verbal attacks on Russia, that claim has been shown to be what those with a little common sense knew it to be: a baseless, wholly made-up conspiracy theory meant to explain an election loss Democrats still haven’t come to grips with. In fact, with Russia, too, President Trump has shown more backbone in his first 100 days in office than President Obama did in eight years.
4. Another charge, made over and over by the Left — the mainstream media, academia and the Democratic party — that the Trump election had unleashed an unprecedented amount of anti-Semitism was proven to be more left-wing hysteria based on a left-wing lie. It turned out that bomb threats phoned into Jewish community centers and Jewish agencies came not from Trump supporters and “white supremacists” but from a black radical and a disturbed young American Jew living in Israel.
Given that factual and moral clarity are conservatism’s greatest allies, we may be witnessing the beginning of a conservative Renaissance the likes of which we haven’t seen since the advent of Progressivism.
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.comEditors’ Note: This article has been revised since its initial publication.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
With U.S. missiles flying in Syria, the “mother of all bombs” exploding in Afghanistan, and an aircraft-carrier strike group heading toward North Korea, has there been a revolution in President Trump’s foreign policy?
	His most fervent supporters shouldn’t get overly exercised and his interventionist critics shouldn’t get too excited. What has been on offer so far is broadly consistent with the Jacksonian worldview that is the core of Trump’s posture toward the world.
	Trump’s views are obviously inchoate. He has an attitude rather than a doctrine, and upon leaving office, he surely won’t, like Richard Nixon, write a series of books on international affairs.
	What we have learned since he took office is that Trump is not an isolationist. At times, he’s sounded like one. His America First slogan (inadvertently) harkened back to the movement to keep us out of World War II. His outlandish questioning of the NATO alliance, an anchor of the West, created the sense that he might be willing to overturn the foundations of the post–World War II order.
	This hasn’t come to pass. It’s not possible to be a truly isolationist president of the United States in the 21st century unless you want to spend all your time unspooling U.S. commitments and managing the resulting disruption and crises. And such an approach would undercut the most consistent element of Trump’s approach — namely strength.
	His set-piece foreign-policy speeches during the campaign were clear on this. “The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest,” he said last April at the Center for the National Interest. “America will continue and continue forever to play the role of peacemaker. We will always help save lives and indeed humanity itself, but to play the role, we must make America strong again.”
	In direct contradiction to isolationism, he said repeatedly on the campaign trail that he would take the war to ISIS and build up our defenses. He even called himself — in a malapropism — “the most militaristic person you will ever meet.”
	Now, there is no doubt that the Syrian strike is a notable departure for Trump, and he defended it in unapologetically humanitarian terms. But it’s entirely possible that the strike will only have the narrow purpose of reestablishing a red line against the use of chemical weapons in Syria and reasserting American credibility.
	That is particularly important in the context of the brewing showdown with North Korea, which he roughly forecast in his speech last April. “President Obama watches helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands further and further with its nuclear reach,” Trump said, advocating using economic pressure on China to “get them to do what they have to do with North Korea, which is totally out of control.”
	The Tomahawks in Syria and saber-rattling at North Korea have Trump’s critics on the right and left claiming he’s becoming a neoconservative — a term of abuse that is most poorly understood by the people most inclined to use it. All neocons may be hawks, but not all hawks are neocons, who are distinctive in their idealism and robust interventionism.
	We haven’t heard paeans to democracy from Trump, or clarion calls for human rights. He hasn’t seriously embraced regime change anywhere (even if his foreign-policy officials say Assad has to go). He shows no sign of a willingness to make a major commitment of U.S. ground troops abroad.
	Trump is a particular kind of hawk. The Jacksonian school is inclined toward realism and reluctant to use force, except when a national interest is clearly at stake. As historian Walter Russell Mead writes, “Jacksonians believe that international life is and will remain both violent and anarchic. The United States must be vigilant, strongly armed. Our diplomacy must be cunning, forceful, and no more scrupulous than any other country’s.”
	This tradition isn’t isolationist or neoconservative, and neither is Trump.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As I have mentioned here before, when I was in second grade, my friends and I invented a gang for ourselves. We had a name, insignia, military-style ranks and command structure — the works. It is the sort of thing little boys do. What we did not have, and desperately needed, was an enemy.
But ours was a pretty small neighborhood, and a friendly one. There was no enemy to be had. So we invented one, filling its leadership ranks with imaginatively devious personalities and giving it an elaborate backstory. We spent many hours tracking our enemy, and we were always (necessarily) just a step behind them. If we came across a broken bottle or a crushed soda can in the street, its significance would immediately be explored and expanded upon: Which one of our rivals drank Shasta Tiki Orange Mango?
In the third grade, things were a little different. This was the 1970s, not very long in real terms after the order came down to desegregate the public schools. Progressives then, like progressives now, were remarkably crude thinkers. There were not very many black residents in my West Texas town, and though my understanding is that the schools had not been legally segregated, some of them were effectively segregated, because the city was segregated de facto if not de jure. There were a couple of dozen public schools in the district, and five were either all-white or all-black.
The remedy of the time spoke to the progressive conception of the public schools as a factory for producing whatever sort of citizen the state should need. In this case, it needed citizens in racially mixed schools, so white third-graders were shipped across town to a largely black elementary school, some of whose students were in turned shipped to the largely white schools we had attended. The students at Ruel C. Martin Elementary weren’t exactly thrilled to have a bunch of new white kids at their school (I do not imagine the black students sent to white schools were more eagerly welcomed). And although things were pretty peaceful by third-grade standards, the sense of us-and-them-ness was sufficient to render our imaginary gang irrelevant.
We spent a year taking long bus trips, and during the day Mrs. Kell would read The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe to us, and warn us not to believe the bits in the science films we watched that seemed to conflict with her interpretation of the Bible. And then Kevin, Derek, and Alison — along with a Vietnamese kid who was white enough for desegregation purposes — went back to fourth grade as though nothing had happened. Thus was the 14th Amendment satisfied in Lubbock, Texas.
We did not think very much about gangs after that. We were thinking about Alison, mostly.
But not everybody gets over that in elementary school. A few of my friends drove hours and hours to Dallas when they heard there was going to be a demonstration by white-supremacist skinheads there. There was. It consisted of about five knuckleheads, median age approximately 17, and about 40 counter-demonstrators, median age about 21, mostly college students. The same thing happened on a slightly (but only slightly) larger scale with a Ku Klux Klan rally a few years later. In Vidor, Texas — a town notorious for its KKK activity in spite of the fact that it had, so far as I could tell, no Klan chapter or Klan members — a group calling itself the Lesbian Avengers staged a pretty good-sized protest at the main municipal building. Their thing was fire-eating, and they were terribly, visibly disappointed that not only did the KKK fail to materialize but there was no counter-protest at all, only a visit from an elderly and very polite fire marshal who addressed them as “you ladies,” saying that he supported their right to protest under the First Amendment but that he thought they were being a little bit irresponsible: “We try to teach our children not to play with matches,” he said.
Which brings us to the so-called anti-fascists, who style themselves the “antifa.”
They are at war with an enemy that is about as real as the one my second-grade gang was always preparing to fight.
There is no budding fascist movement in the United States. But every gang needs an enemy, so they have invented one. This isn’t to say that sundry whackos and Twitter warriors do not exist. Our country is large, and it contains multitudes: I was at Waco for the Branch Davidian standoff, which was a very dramatic episode. But it nonetheless remains the fact that messianic Seventh-day Adventist factions are not a major factor in American life: It would exaggerate their importance to say that they are even a minor factor. There are 320 million people in this country, and a few of them are going to be UFO cultists, Nazi furries, bronies, and Methodists. One of them is going to be that pro-Trump guy who shows up at rallies wearing the American flag as a pteruges and sporting a Roman centurion’s helmet, or that other guy in that Tom of Finland get-up that the Village People rejected. In the same way, there are still KKK chapters here and there, and you still come across the occasional man in his 40s who saw that infamous skinhead episode on Geraldo and said to himself: “Yep, there’s my life’s calling.”
It’s a big country, and sometimes a stupid one. A more intelligent one would immediately recognize that the so-called antifa and the white-nationalist clowns are two sides of the same very sad little coin, basically a life-action game of Dungeons and Dragons with silly politics and no sense of adult responsibility.
Here’s a thought for the self-proclaimed antifa: You’re a bunch of idiot children, obviously. But you’re also a bunch of aspiring street-fighters who glorify political violence and dismiss liberal notions of free speech and property rights as so much outmoded bourgeois window-dressing standing in the way of what promises to be a glorious future.
You’re wearing black shirts.
Are you entirely sure you’re the anti-fascists?
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Planned Parenthood announced last week that it will honor former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with the group’s first-ever “Champion of the Century” award. The organization will host a number of events this year to commemorate the centennial year of its founding in October 1916. Among those events will be a gala — “100 Years Strong: The Celebration of a Century” — held on May 2 in New York City.
According to Planned Parenthood’s press release, the gala will honor Clinton “for her 40 years of service to women and girls in this country.” At the same event, the group will present its “Champion of Change” award to producer Shonda Rhimes “for revolutionizing the way women and issues of reproductive health — including safe, legal abortion — are portrayed on television.”
This refers to Rhimes’s work as creator and producer of the television show Scandal, which in 2015 featured a scene depicting the show’s main character undergoing an onscreen abortion while the Christmas song “Silent Night” played in the background. (The abortion itself was not pictured graphically; the camera focused on the character’s face as the procedure occurred.)
These two awards are merely the latest proof that Planned Parenthood is not, in fact, an innocent defender of “women’s rights.” Nor is it a “pro-choice” organization that exists to give American women an array of health-care options. Planned Parenthood is an abortion corporation that seeks every possible opportunity to glorify abortion and deify the public figures who push for total access to government-funded abortion-on-demand.
Clinton — who has already received Planned Parenthood’s “Margaret Sanger” award, named after the group’s eugenicist founder — has done little of note throughout her long and unsuccessful political career to “serve” American women and children, but she has always been a prominent and staunch supporter of abortion. And the love goes both ways: Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards stumped for Clinton’s campaign across the country in 2016, and her organization’s political-action arms donated around $38 million to Democratic candidates at all levels in the last election cycle.
In return for this support, Clinton as the Democratic nominee oversaw the horrifying decision to alter her party’s platform, adopting the most pro-abortion policy stance the party has ever taken. The revised Democratic platform endorses the full repeal of the Hyde Amendment — which bans the direct taxpayer funding of abortion — and calls for the repeal of all federal and state policies that impede abortion in any way, including abortions through the last week of pregnancy In fact, in the final debate of the presidential election, Clinton categorically defended late-term abortion, using a disingenuous definition “women’s health” to justify partial-birth procedures.
Neither Planned Parenthood nor its “Champion of the Century” is committed to protecting or serving women and girls. Though the group claims to offer women an array of health-care choices, it has grossly exaggerated its commitment to providing prenatal care, which in fact is almost entirely unavailable at its clinics. Planned Parenthood continues to assert that abortion is a mere 3 percent of its services, even though that inaccurate statistic has been debunked numerous times, including by left-leaning outlets such as Slate and the Washington Post.
The company’s leadership has routinely and falsely claimed that its clinics offer mammograms, though they have never done so. The group provides less than 1 percent of the nation’s Pap tests and less than 2 percent of its breast exams and cancer screenings, while performing 325,000 abortions annually, about one-third of the abortions performed in the U.S. each year. Planned Parenthood clinics are outnumbered across the country by federally qualified health-care clinics by a ratio of 20 to 1, and these alternative clinics actually provide women an extensive array of health-care options.
Planned Parenthood was recently subject to a 15-month congressional investigation, which uncovered extensive evidence that the group has been involved in the illegal trafficking of the body parts of aborted babies, for which the group apparently received monetary compensation. It has been referred by Congress to both federal and local law-enforcement agencies for further investigation.
Meanwhile, as Planned Parenthood takes the time to plan its fancy gala and hand out unmerited awards, it has yet to produce an annual financial report for the 2015–16 fiscal year. This, while the group continues to accept half a billion dollars of taxpayer money from the federal government each year. What’s more, several reports indicate that some of the group’s affiliates have engaged in possible Medicaid fraud to cover up use of this public funding to directly facilitate abortion procedures.
There is no doubt that Clinton richly deserves this award, as she has long been a public champion for Planned Parenthood, sanctioning the murder of thousands of children and forcing unwilling Americans to pay for it. But as information continues to surface about the abortion group’s illegal activity and public deceptions, it becomes increasingly evident that neither Clinton nor Planned Parenthood is a true champion of women and children. One can only hope that, in the fullness of time, Planned Parenthood’s disgracefully propped-up fortunes take the same disastrous turn as did Hillary Clinton’s presidential ambitions.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Tomahawk volley attack, for all its ostentatious symbolism, served larger strategic purposes. It reminded a world without morality that there is still a shred of a rule or two: Do not use nerve gas on the battlefield or against civilians. The past faux redline from Obama, the systematic use of chlorine gas by Syria, and its contextualization by the Obama administration had insidiously eroded that old battlefield prohibition. Trump was right to seek to revive it.
The subsequent MOAB bomb strike in Afghanistan is useful against ISIS’s subterranean nests, and in signaling the Taliban and ISIS that the U.S. too can be unpredictable and has not quite written off its 16-year commitment. But as in the case of the Tomahawk strikes against Syria, it also fulfilled the larger purpose of reminding enemies, such as Islamic terrorists, North Korea, and Iran (which all stash weapons of destruction in caves and the like) that the U.S. is capable of anything.
In other words, apparently anywhere Trump thinks that he can make a point about deterrence, with good odds of not getting Americans killed or starting a war (he used Tomahawks not pilots where Russian planes were in the vicinity), he will probably drop a bomb or shoot off a missile or send in an iconic carrier fleet.
The message reminds the world that the Obama administration’s “lead from behind,” “don’t do stupid sh**,” plastic red-button reset, Cairo Speech foreign policy followed no historical arc that bent anywhere. And the U.S. was previously on the wrong, not the right, side of both history and the traditions of U.S. bipartisan foreign policy — an aberration from the past, not a blueprint of the future.
Like Ronald Reagan, who, after Jimmy Carter’s managed declinism, shelled Lebanon, bombed Gaddafi, and invaded Grenada, Trump is trying to thread the needle between becoming bogged down somewhere and doing nothing.
No president in recent memory also has outsourced such responsibility to his military advisers, whom Trump refers to as “our” or “my” “generals.” He can afford to for now, because he has made excellent appointments at Defense, State, National Security, and Homeland Security. These are men who justifiably have won broad bipartisan support and who believe in the ancient ways of military and spiritual deterrence, balance of power, and alliances rather than the U.N., presidential sonorousness, or soft power to keep the peace.
These opportunistic deterrent expressions are likewise intended to remind several parties in particular that the Obama hiatus is over.
Apparently, Trump will not necessarily reset the Obama reset of the Bush reset with Russia. Instead, he probably believes that Putin will soon agree that the 2009–16 era was an abnormal condition in which a far weaker Russia bullied friends and connived against almost everything the U.S. was for. And such asymmetry could not be expected to go on. A return to normal relations is not brinkmanship; it should settle down to tense competition, some cooperation, and grudging respect among two powerful rivals. Who knows, Putin may come to respect (and even prefer) an American leader who is unpredictable and unapologetically tough without being sanctimonious, sermonizing — and weak.
The old canard is largely true: Russia has no natural interests in seeing a radical Islamic and nuclear Iran on its border, other than the fact that this change would irritate and aggravate the U.S., which might satisfy Putin. But if Russia no longer felt a need to automatically oppose everything America sought (or if it feared to do so), then many of its unsavory alliances might no longer may seem all that useful.
Trump’s strikes and displays of naval power, and the reactions to them, also remind North Korea that it has no friends and could prove a liability to China (as Syria could to Russia) rather than a useful rabid animal to be occasionally unleashed so that it might bark and nip at Westernized Asia and the U.S. If North Korea’s antics imperil China’s commercial buccaneering or lead to a nuclear Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan on China’s borders, or to U.S. commercial restrictionism, then China could see North Korea’s insanity as not worth the cost. Additionally, if tensions rise, North Korea’s own military elite could remove the unhinged Kim Jong-un after concluding that he’s expendable. Or regional powers, despite differences, might collectively conclude that they can’t live with daily threats of nuclear launchings.
Again, Trump is trying to act unpredictably and forcefully against Pyongyang, the world’s most detested government — on the logic that without war, he can prompt greater containment before the unsustainable status quo leads to a conflagration. This is a sort of post–Cold War brinkmanship.
By now, Iran knows that it cannot send another missile toward an American carrier, hijack an American boat, or cheat flagrantly on the Iran Deal without earning some response from a man who dislikes both the revolutionary government and what Iran has done to the U.S. over the past eight years.
The general aims of these iconic acts are to remind the world of U.S. strength and that the new president has the willingness to use it to prevent some weaker entity from doing something stupid on the misapprehension that the U.S. is in decline rather than reemerging from a temporarily and self-imposed recessional. Once deterrence is reestablished (and only once it is achieved), then the U.S. will be able to appeal to Russia and China to find areas of mutual concern (radical Islam, nuclear proliferation in Asia, rogue nations that threaten the international order, etc.).
Are there risks in seeking to reestablish U.S. deterrence?
Of course.
1) Even dropping a huge bomb or sending in a flock of missiles or deploying the fleet near hostile shores at some point can lose its luster and lead to escalation to ensure that enemies remain impressed. In a cycle of escalation, then, America could leapfrog into an unintended war. It is vital to play out each demonstration of strength to the subsequent third and fourth degree, to guarantee that shows of deterrent force do not lead to unintended involvement or become habitual and thus banal.
2) Trump ran as a Jacksonian — not as a neoconservative or an isolationist. His electoral base must see his use of force as a) long overdue, b) at some point soon, no longer required, c) not leading to but rather preventing a major intervention, and d) undertaken for American not global interests. Otherwise, Trump will stumble into what he ran against.
3) When Trump righteously hits back at nerve-gassing dictators or head-chopping radical Islamists, his polls climb, his press improves, and more Americans think him a sober and judicious centrist — a fine and useful thing. But such political concerns can take on a logic of their own, in that the more Trump is praised by the Council of Foreign Relations or the Brookings Institution, the more likely he might be to fall into a pattern prescribed by an entrenched establishment. For a populist, doing necessary things that political opponents like is a paradox whose political consequences are still not quite fully appreciated.
4) Soon the low-hanging fruit of sending carriers around the globe and bombing Assad or ISIS will be picked, and Trump may find himself in an “incident” with a nuclear-armed Russia or China. Both adversaries have their own deterrent considerations and will bristle that they really do have to back down from what has been (since 2009) a rare period of opportunism at U.S. expense. The best solution, obviously, is to persuade Russia and China to curb their clients so that they will receive credit for their belated maturity.
Losing deterrence and seeking to recapture it are among the most dangerous moments for a great power, and we will be reminded of just that peril over the next year. There’s only one thing more dangerous in the short term than allowing North Korea to advance to launching intercontinental nuclear missiles, or letting China build an artificial island base in international waters of the South China Sea, or permitting the Iranians to haze U.S. ships in the Gulf of Hormuz, or backing down from Assad as he gasses civilians: trying to put an end to such things, and reminding the world that what was once normal was always in the long term a sure way to war.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won, to appear in October from Basic Books.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Washington is a world distorted by a magnifying glass, where minor slips morph into catastrophic falls, and a winning news cycle swells into a victory for all the ages. When overstimulation causes the jaded to speak in ever more extravagant terms, we should be careful about making mountains of molehills.
That said, the Trump administration has hit some obstacles in its early weeks. It deferred many of the president’s signature policy items (on immigration and trade, for instance) in order to focus on health-care and tax reform. Some on Capitol Hill might like this outcome, as it minimizes the more disruptive domestic-policy tendencies of the Trump White House. But there is some evidence that a prolonged legislative deadlock on Capitol Hill could harm the approval rating of both the president and the Republican Congress, and low approval ratings could in turn endanger Republicans in the 2018 midterms.
The unpopularity of the American Health Care Act and the failure of this bill (which gave the nation the spectacle of a divided GOP) has pulled down Republican poll numbers. The recent action in Syria may have led to a spike in the president’s approval rating, but it’s unclear how enduring this increase will be. And, as the experience of George H. W. Bush shows, a troubled domestic record can blot out a president’s efforts in international affairs. The Kansas special election shows that the Democratic party is energized and well funded. That energy combined with an alienation of the core Trump electorate and the tendency of the opposition to win seats in the midterm election suggests that Republicans could be facing some political headwinds.
The Trump White House could confront these political difficulties if, with the help of leaders in Congress, it passed more-focused pieces of legislation that aligned both populist and conservative interests. The passage of broadly popular, non-polarizing measures could help build the goodwill that will be required to pass more-sweeping reforms. An effort of populist triangulation could lessen the risks of a political backlash in 2018 while also taking steps toward broader policy goals. Three areas immediately present themselves as ripe for this effort: infrastructure, immigration, and health care.
Rebuild America. An infrastructure package with bipartisan support would provide both political and policy benefits. A Quinnipiac poll in March found that 90 percent of Americans support increased federal spending for “roads, bridges, mass transit, and other infrastructure.” The Quinnipiac poll also showed no real partisan differences on infrastructure — 90 percent of both Democrats and Republicans want increased infrastructure spending (and 91 percent of independents do). Tax policy and health care expose large divides between the two parties and also at times within the GOP. By contrast, infrastructure spending does not highlight these ideological divisions with the same bright glare.
As a political matter, a deal on infrastructure could corral some Democrats into bipartisan cooperation. It’s easy for Democrats to stand united against cuts to Medicaid or cuts to capital-gains taxes.
It’s much harder for them to resist calls for investments in highways, bridges, and tunnels. Moreover, many Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, have expressed a desire to support an infrastructure package. The Democratic proposal on infrastructure differs somewhat from that initially favored by President Trump, but it seems that the parties can find some middle ground. Passing a significant infrastructure bill would be a sign that the Trump administration could take the lead on negotiating bipartisan legislation. A picture of Donald Trump at a signing ceremony with Schumer and Paul Ryan both grinning over his shoulder could go a long way toward establishing the image of the president as an executive deal-maker
There would be further political benefits to an infrastructure package. If properly designed, it would provide blue-collar jobs in the short term and a foundation for economic growth in the years to come. The president’s electoral prospects depend on his delivering for working-class voters, and an infrastructure bill would help him keep his campaign promises. Moreover, infrastructure seems to be an area where the president has great personal interest and, from his decades as a real-estate developer, no small experience. Action on infrastructure could also help solidify a governing vision. If the Trump White House is serious about running on a banner of Henry Clay’s “American System” 2.0, infrastructure would seem to be a key element.
Slash guest-worker programs. While the Trump administration is making significant steps to improve the enforcement of immigration laws, the legal-immigration system needs work, too. Reforming the immigration system so that it better advances opportunity and a sense of civic belonging would be a transformative achievement. But there’s no reason that major reform has to be the only legislative option.
An effort to sunset or radically reduce most guest-worker programs would be a modest policy proposal that could pave the way for further reforms. Outside corporate lobbyists and tech CEOs, guest-worker programs have little political constituency. The H-2B visa undercuts workers without college degrees, who have already seen their wages pummeled by trends in trade and automation. Meanwhile, the H-1B visa discourages corporate investment in the domestic workforce. It undermines white-collar professionals and, in distorting the market, also hinders the employment prospects of college graduates.
Rolling back guest-worker programs could unite conservatives, populists, and even some progressives. From a free-market perspective, guest-worker programs are almost impossible to justify: By importing a class of workers who do not have the full freedom to bargain for their labor, guest-worker programs subvert the free market. Moreover, they subvert it in a way that injures the economic prospects of the average worker, a fact that can push populists and the remaining pro-worker progressives to oppose those programs, too. In fragmenting the body politic into citizens and helots, guest-worker programs corrode the politics of a republic even more than they do its economics.
Many Democrats, especially on the leftmost edge of the political coalition, have been critical of guest-worker programs. Bernie Sanders has raged against them. Representative Zoe Lofgren (D., Calif.) has introduced the High-Skilled Integrity and Fairness Act of 2017, which would increase the minimum pay for holders of the H-1B visa in order to discourage efforts to replace Americans with guest workers. So it seems that a targeted measure to limit guest-worker programs could win support from both sides of the aisle — the same way an infrastructure bill could. Guest-worker reform could highlight tensions in the Democratic party between transnationalists, for whom increased migration should occur no matter its effects, and those who still subscribe to the pro-worker ethos of the New Deal. This kind of reform might draw attention to some tension between corporatists and populists in the Republican coalition, too, but the populists could have a far stronger political hand on this issue.
Putting new limits on guest-worker programs might add urgency to the effort to reform the legal-immigration system. Denied access to guest workers, America’s corporations might lobby with more intensity for reforms that would transfer some bloodline-based visas into skill-based ones. It might even be possible to make the curtailing of guest-worker programs a first step in the process of legal-immigration reform: For example, a legislative package could eliminate 65,000 H-1B visas and create 65,000 new skills-based visas that would be “paid for” by eliminating 65,000 chain-migration visas. (Admittedly, the increased complexity of such a package could add to its political obstacles.)
Expand health care. While Congress negotiates on broader efforts to reform the health-care system, it could also pass a smaller version of market-oriented reforms. In exchange for liberalizing health-insurance markets, Congress could continue to fund health care for low-income Americans. It could use subsidies as an incentive for reform. For instance, if Congress modified the ACA’s preexisting-conditions requirement, it could also increase subsidies to help those with preexisting conditions purchase coverage. The goal of these reforms would be to expand consumer choice and health-care coverage.
Part of the legislative effort could include funding new medical residencies to encourage U.S. medical schools to admit more doctors; limits on subsidized medical residencies act as a kind of indirect cap on the number of students who graduate from American medical schools each year. Increased funding for residencies could target poor and rural areas, which often have medical shortages. If Republicans continue to support funding so that lower-income voters can get health-care coverage, they may have enough room to cut a deal with Democrats on reforms that would expand and diversify the health-care marketplace. Market-oriented reform could eventually decrease the costs of health care (or at least slow down the growth in costs), which could in turn reduce the demand for increased government spending on health care.
Those are not the only areas where policymakers might engage in populist triangulation. A targeted tax bill is another reform that might deliver benefits to working families. But whatever route they take, Republicans should think of ways to advance, even in a modest and piecemeal fashion, policies that would deliver for the working class. That task might entail sacrificing ideological nostalgia on one hand and a burn-the-house-down adversarial approach on the other. But successful triangulation could help Republicans avoid the traps that have destroyed more than one congressional majority and injured more than one presidential legacy.
— Fred Bauer is a writer from New England. He blogs at A Certain Enthusiasm.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
It’s great to fly from the Eastern time zone to the Western — a 27-hour day. I wish every day were a 27-hour day. But then, I might wish for a 30-hour day, and complain about not having one.
To step out into the California air — even at a crowded airport — is wonderful. I’m in Los Angeles, at “LAX,” as everyone says. The blooms of California — they begin at the very airport. They gladden the eye and perfume the air.
When I was a kid, I used to listen to Johnny Carson, who used to joke about the traffic in L.A. It was one of his staples — along with Ed McMahon’s drinking, etc. I thought he was exaggerating, simply milking a line.
Then I visited L.A. a few times. And I wondered: Why would anyone put up with this? How can anyone abide this traffic?
And yet, people will put up with a lot, to live here.
I’m going to Claremont, Calif., the home of the Claremont colleges, by which I mean that consortium of five colleges, plus two graduate schools. Plus the famous Claremont Institute, a conservative think tank.
Every conservative I know has been to Claremont — everyone but me. I’m like the last pilgrim to make the Hajj. The last one to Mecca.
Charles Kesler is a famous political scientist here — and long associated with National Review. A reader, knowing I was going to Claremont, e-mailed to say that he was an alum. And, as he put it, “I majored in Kesler.”
I would love to enroll here, and major in Kesler.
Claremont, Calif., is … well, Californian. This is still a golden state, despite all its problems. In Claremont, the blooms perfume the air. Did I say that about the airport? Well, the blooms are super-charged in Claremont. No team of chemists could come up with what’s in this air.
The food tastes good — better than elsewhere, somehow. The girls are pretty. The birds chirp as though happy to be here. California is everything it’s cracked up to be. “Believe the hype.”
I think of Reagan, who liked to quote an old line: If the Puritans had landed on the California coast, rather than the opposite coast, the country would never have developed — because people would have stayed, not pushing eastward.
The problem with writing like this is that people say, “Oh, you don’t know about the problems, huh? You’re living in a bubble, huh? You think everything is peaches and cream, or milk and honey, huh?”
Usually, I try to preempt this in my writing (as I’m doing now, I guess). Last year, I wrote a Chicago journal — I concentrated on the best: Ferris Bueller land. And I noted that I was well aware of the murder, the generational poverty, the nasty schools, etc. Indeed, I have written on those subjects for many years.
But occasionally … you want to look at something else in life, you know?
Last week, I tweeted a glamorous photo from Bel Air (a neighborhood in L.A.). And someone said, “Well, why don’t you see how the other half lives!” People are afraid, somehow, that I don’t know about suffering and hardship. This is so strange.
Let me just talk about work. I spend much of my time writing about horrors. Both at home and abroad. Have you ever been to the Pine Ridge reservation in South Dakota, the worst place in the U.S.A.? Go ahead, try it.
Last year, I wrote about a doctor in Congo who devotes his life to treating rape victims. You ever seen an infant with its genitals destroyed?
Around that same time, I wrote about a defector from North Korea. He had been in the gulag. Here, why don’t I give you a taste, for those who barf at flowers and delicious tortillas and pretty girls?
Okay, you like that? Satisfied?
For many years, I was told by the Left that I knew nothing of human hardship. Now I hear the same from the Right. An annoying lie, from whichever direction.
Here in SoCal, I talk with some conservatives who are native Californians, and we talk about the antipathy to California that beats in the breasts of many Americans. This same antipathy beats against New York (City).
Hang on, let me tell you a story: Years ago, I had a co-worker who knew I enjoyed golf and who decided that he would vituperate golf. “It’s so boring, it’s such a waste of time. Who in his right mind would want to play golf?” I responded that the courses were jam-packed. Rounds took forever. You could hardly get a tee time. So, if he didn’t want to play — good.
Another story: I know a woman who is a patron of the arts and whose mother was the same. The story involves the mother (a formidable lady — as her daughter is).
One day, she heard some ladies say what they frequently said, about some modern painting: “I wouldn’t hang it in my home if they gave it to me.” She said, “Don’t worry: They’re not going to give it to you.”
I hear people say, “I would never live in California, I would never live in New York.” Okay. Who asks you, or any of us? Those places are crowded and expensive as they are. A chacun son goût. To each his own. Vive la différence. I hope that people are happy where they are. And if they’re not, that they can get to where they will be.
In Claremont, there’s an eatery called, simply, “I Like Pie.” Yup — speaks for me.
There is another eatery in which a young woman is pounding out an ice-cream concoction, on a slab. A father says to his son — a toddler in arms — “Isn’t that cool?” The toddler looks away. The father mutters, charmingly, “Not cool enough for your attention span.”
Claremont has a big botanical garden, the Rancho Santa Ana garden. But you know? The whole region — possibly the whole state — is a botanical garden. A particular, designated botanical garden seems to me … I don’t know: a little redundant.
In Claremont, there is a Bonita Avenue. Isn’t that redundant? Or all too obvious? Bonita means “pretty” in Spanish, and all the streets, or most of them, are plenty bonitas.
Many, many of the streets are named after colleges: Harvard and Yale; Oxford and Cambridge; Oberlin and Principia. There is a Hope Street. That’s named for the feeling, right, not Hope College in my home state of Michigan?
If you’re a pedestrian, a driver is liable to wave you through at an intersection. Doesn’t happen all that much in Manhattan. (The borough of New York, I mean. Can’t speak for the town in Kansas or other Manhattans.)
These days, it’s hard to ask people for directions — on the street, I mean, or the sidewalk. Everyone’s on the phone or listening to music. Honestly, 20 people can go by before you see someone without buds or what have you.
A kid is practicing his golf swing, as he walks down the street. His takeaway. Him, I can ask (and we talk a little about golf).
There is a Thatcher Music Building — combines two of the things I like: Thatcher and music.
Andrew Carnegie’s name is on a building. That man is everywhere, isn’t he? In fact, this building is called Carnegie Hall. Truly.
There is a Mabel Shaw Bridges Music Auditorium. The names of five composers are chiseled at the top. They are Wagner, Chopin, Beethoven, Bach, and Schubert. That’s a peculiar order (not chronological or anything). And Chopin’s presence is rather peculiar. Not that I don’t revere him, of course.
Maybe there was an especially ardent Chopin-lover among the donors?
I think that’s probably enough for one day, journal-wise. I’ve been droning on. I’ll continue my droning tomorrow. Much to discuss.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
‘He is not here.”
With these words, the angel meeting the seekers at Jesus’s tomb announced the Resurrection. If these words are true, then they are, as Father Richard John Neuhaus put it in Death on a Friday Afternoon, “quite simply the truth about everything.”
The question of truth is at the center of the great drama that begins to unfold on Good Friday and reaches its climax on Easter. But by Sunday, we have all forgotten about the man whose interest in the truth is central to this story, the character who leaves the stage at the end of the first act and is never heard from again.
Spare a kind thought for Pontius Pilate.
Pilate, as the representative of the Roman Empire in Judea, is in secular terms the most important man we encounter in the Passion. But he was a minor figure, the real Roman power in that part of the world being his superior, the legate of Syria. The Romans were great record-keepers and commemorators, but there was no known contemporaneous physical evidence of Pilate’s career — or even of his existence — until the discovery of an inscription at Caesarea Maritima in 1961. He was strictly middle management.
Pilate’s dilemma is captured in Mel Gibson’s The Passion of the Christ, a brilliant and bizarre film that is at once a genuine work of piety and one degree shy of being a genuine work of pornography. Hristo Shopov’s beleaguered Pilate invokes that most 21st-century of phrases: “my truth.” He explains to his wife that he is in an impossible position: The Jewish authorities will cause trouble if he does not condemn Jesus, while Jesus’s followers may revolt if he does. Either way there will be bloodshed, and the emperor has warned him that if Judea isn’t kept pacified, the blood shed will be Pilate’s own. “Ecce est mea veritas!” he says. “That is my truth!”
The Pilate of the Gospels maintains a higher degree of equanimity. When Jesus speaks to him of truth, he famously asks, “What is truth?” And then he immediately goes to the rabble and tells them: “I find no fault in the man.” Perhaps he had answered his own question but did not find the answer convincing enough to act upon.
In the Ethiopian church, Pilate is revered as a saint, as is his wife, who also is canonized in the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Western tradition thinks a bit less of him. He is considered if not a moral monster then a coward, ceremoniously washing his hands of Jesus’s blood — a difference-splitter, lukewarm. Dante does not even find a place for him in the Inferno. Caiaphas, the Jewish leader who advised Pilate to have Jesus crucified, is himself crucified on the floor of the circle of hypocrites, so that he must bear the weight of all the world’s hypocrisy as the sinners march around eternally in their gilded leaden robes.
But Pilate? He is not here.
Pilate’s position must be familiar to anyone who works in or around politics. He was a mostly apolitical administrator, a man who believed in good government, which meant keeping the peace in Jerusalem during Passover. But there was trouble, a street preacher who must surely have seemed like a crackpot to Pilate: Jesus was not the first resurrection deity worshiped in the spring by the ceremonial eating of bread (think of the pagan goddess Ceres the next time you are offered a slice of wedding cake), nor were his followers the first Dionysian mystery cult organized around the ceremonial drinking of wine. Pilate was used to this sort of thing, which he must have seen a thousand times before: Josephus tells us his career came to an ignominious end when he overreacted to a subsequent holy man who, presaging Geraldo Rivera and Al Capone’s vault, drew a large crowd together with a promise to unearth certain artifacts related to Moses.
On the one hand was the street preacher, on the other hand were the local political and religious powers and the howling mob, the mass that follows “because it follows anything that moves.” Above them all was Tiberius with his high expectations. Pilate found no fault in Jesus so far as Roman law was concerned, but there is always prosecutorial discretion. All Pilate wanted was a little peace and quiet, efficient public administration, and order. And what was he willing to offer in trade to get those? The small gesture of letting nature take its course in accord with local conditions. Perhaps my fellow conservatives can consider the case of Pontius Pilate and see that he was, after all, one of us.
But there remains the pressing matter of truth.
Pilate, after all, was not so bad. And neither are we, for the most part. Our sins are not grand: Even Judas, the great betrayer whom Dante places at the bottom of the pit, in the mouth of Satan himself, was only after 30 pieces of silver, and maybe some obscure score-settling with the other disciples. The other two men consigned to Satan’s mouth for the death of another famous J.C. at least had in mind the fate of a mighty empire. That which was done under cover of darkness will be shouted from the rooftops, Scripture tells us — you only thought your browser history was private! And when it is shouted from the rooftops and the last of our crimes has been exposed, we will all turn to one another and ask: “That’s it? Was that all?” Sin, like so much else in life, is disappointing. Our appetites and our weaknesses are mostly predictable, banal, ordinary — expected.
When the Marquis de Sade attempted to raise moral transgression to an art form, the results were repulsive, but they were also sad and more than a little ridiculous, a minor man of letters shaking his fist at Heaven and demanding: “Notice me!” (Perhaps he was only shaking his fist at polite society — it is not clear he knew the difference.) In the end, the man turned out to be something of a milquetoast: Freed from the Bastille and put in charge of a revolutionary court, he found himself on the bad side of the revolutionaries, because he declined to hand down death sentences. If you sometimes find yourselves wondering at the viciousness of our modern progressives, consider that their spiritual forebears were executioners for whom the man literally synonymous with sadism was too soft and too liberal. He was the beast only in his imagination, the Walter Mitty of moral turpitude.
“He is not here.” But we are, here, in the real world with Pontius Pilate. It is a world of little things — tradeoffs, compromises, and accommodations. There is a mortgage to be paid — “the yuppie Nuremberg defense,” Christopher Buckley calls that — and debts to be serviced, work to be done, doctors to be visited, lawyers to be paid, IRS agents to be satisfied, and, overseeing it all, the American God, the one who helps those who help themselves. That is our truth. We would be the Good Samaritan, but we know that guy will just use the money to buy a bottle of wine. (Maybe MD 20/20, from Mogen David.) Everyone knows no good can come of that.
The story was supposed to end the way it began: that same body, swaddled once again, laid in a place that is low and obscure, the scent of myrrh masking the stench of decay. The soldier goes back to his garrison, Peter returns to his nets, Caiaphas continues his plotting and politicking. The mass that follows because it follows anything that moves goes on to the next excitement. Pontius Pilate buys his political tranquility at a bargain price — the life of one man of no particular importance.
But —
“He is not here.”
The tomb is empty, and the world is full of something that we had not known of before. And everything we thought we knew — “my truth” — is, in the face of that empty tomb, not so much wrong as insignificant: “The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. He was in the world, and though the world was made through Him, the world did not recognize Him. We have seen His glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.”
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Easter reminds us that the Church begins with witness: lives changed by an encounter with the Risen Lord; men and women who then transform others by the power of their testimony and the authority of their example.
The Gospels are remarkably candid about the difficulty the first Christian witnesses had in grasping just what they had experienced. In John’s gospel, Mary confuses the Risen One with a gardener. In Luke’s resurrection account, two disciples walk a considerable distance on the Emmaus Road without recognizing their risen and glorified companion. In the Johannine epilogue, seven apostles on the Sea of Tiberias take a while to grasp that it’s the Risen Lord who’s cooking breakfast on the seashore.
This candor about initial incomprehension bears its own witness to the historicity of the Resurrection. For what happened on the first Easter Sunday was so completely unprecedented, and yet so completely real, that it exploded the expectations of pious Jews about history, the Messiah, and the fulfillment of God’s promises, even as it transformed hitherto timid followers of the Rabbi Jesus of Nazareth into zealous evangelists who set off from the edges of the Roman Empire to convert, over the next 250 years, perhaps half the Mediterranean world.
The witness of radically converted lives has been the lifeblood of Christianity ever since, for at the bottom of the bottom line of Christian faith is the encounter with a person, the Risen Lord, Jesus Christ. Christianity is also about creed, doctrine, morals, worship, and all the rest — but it is fundamentally about friendship with Jesus Christ and the transformation that engenders, and when it ceases to be that, it becomes the lifeless husk we see in too much of Western Europe. Where Christianity lives today, against all cultural odds, it’s because of witnesses like those initially confused souls in Judea and Galilee whose conversion began with life-shattering and life-changing encounters with the Risen One.
Which brings me, as Easter dawns, to my favorite Finno-American priest, Father Arne Panula.
A 1967 graduate of Harvard College, young Arne Panula took a doctorate in theology at the University of Navarre in Pamplona, Spain, and was ordained a priest of the Prelature of Opus Dei. After a distinguished career as an elementary-school, high-school, and college chaplain, and service to his religious community, Father Arne Panula was named the Director of the Catholic Information Center (CIC) in Washington, D.C., in 2007 — an oasis of the spirit located right in the belly of the beast (or, if you prefer, smack-dab in the depths of the swamp): on K Street between 15th and 16th Streets, surrounded by lobbyists, lawyers, and campaign consultants. And over the next ten years, Father Arne, as he is known to one and all, became a singularly winsome and effective witness to Christ and an exceptionally dynamic builder of Christian community.
I tell no secrets when I say that his many friends and admirers, a “great cloud of witnesses” among whom I am honored to be numbered, expected Father Arne to be celebrating this Easter from a different station in the communion of saints. A long, heroic, and uncomplaining battle with cancer seemed to be heading in the wrong direction just a few months ago, and we all imagined that, as we watched the Easter fire being lit and were blessed with Easter water, Father Arne would be keeping an eye on us from the Throne of Grace.
But good medical care and his own resolve to keep bearing witness as long as possible beat the lugubrious oddsmakers of February, such that Father Arne, who officially became director emeritus of the CIC on March 31, is still among us. For how much longer, neither we nor he can know. But he long ago put himself into the hands of the Risen Lord, and those who love him and share his Easter faith are confident that, when his time comes, it will be less a matter of losing a friend than of gaining an intercessor.
There has been a lot of talk about a “Benedict Option” recently, and while no one seems to know precisely what that might mean, the Ben-Op, at least as advertised, does suggest a certain withdrawal from public life for the sake of forming intentional communities of character. Yet as I proposed in my 2017 William E. Simon Lecture, any notion that Saint Benedict opted out of the life and culture of his times is mistaken. Benedictine monasteries were crucial in preserving the cultural memory of the West during the so-called Dark Ages, and over time they became centers of learning and scholarship, prayer, and work that were instrumental in building the civilization of the High Middle Ages. Thus it seems to me that the better historical image for what we need today is a “Gregorian Option”: building or strengthening intentional communities of character as launchpads for witness, mission, and evangelization — just as Pope Saint Gregory the Great sent the man we now know as Saint Augustine of Canterbury to evangelize heathen England, and did so from the Benedictine monastery Gregory had founded in Rome.
Those who celebrate Easter in the nation’s capital this year may wish, however, to dub this alternative the “Panula Option.” For in addition to directing an exceptional Catholic bookstore and chapel where Mass, confession, and spiritual direction are available (and popular), Father Arne Panula launched a “Leonine Forum” program four years ago at CIC. It gives several dozen up-and-coming young Washingtonians an intense introduction to Catholic social doctrine and an experience of Christian fellowship and service before sending them out to be Easter witnesses — in the White House, on the Hill, in top-drawer law firms, and in the rest of often smugly secular Washington. This year’s class includes 38 “Leonine Fellows” selected from more than 140 applicants — a sure sign the word is spreading that this program, named in honor of Pope Leo XIII, founding father of modern Catholic social doctrine, is Something Special.
And it’s all because of Father Arne Panula and the fine staff he built at CIC over the past decade. During that time, Father Arne became, for many, the embodiment of what Saint John Paul II called the “New Evangelization” in the nation’s capital. He could do that because, like the witnesses the Church will read about during Easter Week, he had met the Risen Lord. And that made all the difference.
— George Weigel is the Distinguished Senior Fellow of Washington’s Ethics and Public Policy Center, where he holds the William E. Simon Chair in Catholic Studies.



ARTICLE
“Nothing is impossible with God.”
	— (Luke 1:37)
With his comforting words to Mary, the angel Gabriel explains the miracle not only of Jesus’s conception but also of his resurrection, which we celebrate tomorrow. We who know the Risen Lord know that at Easter we commemorate the supreme event in all of human history, and so any physical proof we find of Christ’s resurrection demands our attention and awe. Countless Christians worldwide maintain that such proof exists: It is the Shroud of Turin, revered as the authentic burial cloth of Jesus Christ.
The earliest undisputed historical records place the Shroud in Lirey, France, between 1353 and 1357. Before that, according to various written sources, the Shroud traveled around the Middle East and Europe. It had once been in the possession of the Knights Templar, according to a researcher at the Vatican Secret Archives.
Since the 17th century, the sacred cloth has been housed in the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist in Turin, Italy, except for a few years in the middle of the last century. Italian authorities knew that Hitler was had designs on the Shroud, so in 1939 it was secretly moved to an abbey, the Sanctuary of Montevergine, in southern Italy. The Nazis came within inches of finding it. Prayers from the Benedictine monks there diverted them. In 1946, the Shroud was returned to Turin, where it now resides in a heavily fortified underground vault.
Many in the secular media dismiss the Shroud as a “medieval forgery” or a clever hoax. That characterization is based largely on debunked carbon-14 tests. In 1988 they led researchers to estimate a date of origin between 1260 and 1390, but the samples tested came from edges that were added to fortify the cloth after it was damaged in a fire in 1532. Today we see lines caused by the fire. Heated silver in the Shroud’s storage box created distracting shapes that now border the man’s image.
The Shroud of Turin as it appears to the naked eye. Distracting shapes and lines are burn marks from a 1523 fire. (Giorgio Perottino/Reuters)
Mark Antonacci, author of Test the Shroud, says that the 1988 tests have been contradicted by thousands of others. In their book The Mystery of the Shroud (2013), Giulio Fanti, a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Padua, and Saverio Gaeta, an Italian journalist, describe chemical tests dating the relic to the first century a.d.
Moreover, the image on the Shroud is a photo-negative, as the Italian photographer Secondo Pia discovered in 1898. How would a medieval artist have created a perfect photo-negative image, given that photography was not invented until the early 19th century? By itself, this feature of the Shroud supports neither a medieval nor an ancient date of origin but rather reinforces the impression that, whenever or however the image was produced, the circumstances were remarkable.
Further mysteries abound. For example, the detailed image of the man rests only on the top two microfibers of the cloth, not penetrating the linen, as would paint or dye, and could be scraped away with a razor blade. The blood (type AB) seen on the cloth does fully penetrate the linen fibers, but tests show that it’s separate from, and underneath the image. “Blood first, image second,” is the catchphrase used by Shroud experts.
The blood on the Shroud, shown highlighted. (Photo ©1978 Barrie M. Schwortz Collection, STERA, Inc. Used with permission)
In an earlier article I explained that, using new technology, researchers have discovered that the Shroud contains “distance information” that enables the cloth to be read like a 3D map. Antonacci says that he and others have petitioned the Vatican to allow the Shroud to be tested at the atomic and subatomic levels. His hypothesis is that the Shroud was indeed a burial cloth and that the image on it was caused by “particle radiation emanating from the dead, crucified body” wrapped inside it.
The image on the cloth matches what we would expect not just for any man who had been crucified by Romans but specifically for Jesus, many details of whose crucifixion are exceptional. It was “contrary to normal Roman practices,” says Russ Breault, president of the Shroud of Turin Education Project. He elaborates:
No broken bones are evident on the Shroud, a finding consistent with the messianic prophecy in Psalms (34:19–20). “After 30 years of having studied and spoken about the miraculous Shroud, I know in my heart that the Shroud of Turin is a receipt from God,” Breault concludes, “a proof of purchase declaring our sin debt to be paid in full for those who believe.”
Positive (left) and negative images of the Shroud of Turin (Photo: Reuters)
That the burial cloth of Jesus is still extant, lying in an underground vault in northwestern Italy, is astonishing. More so is that Jesus rose from the dead. Now add the further wonder that is the Shroud, which, if many of those who have studied closely are correct, is an image of Jesus at the moment of his resurrection.
Nothing is impossible with God.
— Myra Adams is a media producer and political writer. She was on creative team of the 2004 Bush campaign and on the ad council of the 2008 McCain campaign. E-mail her atMyraAdams01@gmail.com.



ARTICLE
It was on the night of Good Friday, April 14, 1865, that John Wilkes Booth assassinated Abraham Lincoln. Earlier that day, Lincoln was unusually cheerful. He had spoken with his son Robert that morning about his experience as a soldier, and General Robert E. Lee had recently surrendered his Confederate forces at the Appomattox Court House. Discussions with his Cabinet now turned to the delicate matter of the reconstruction of the South. With characteristic compassion, Lincoln declared that “no one need expect me to take any part in hanging or killing these men, even the worst of them.” He added, “We must extinguish our resentments if we expect harmony and union.”
It is all too easy to make comparisons between Lincoln, the man who lost his life after saving the Union, and Jesus, the man who Christians believe died to save all of humanity. But as we celebrate another Passover and Easter, it is worthwhile to reflect on the role of faith in Lincoln’s life. In his rhetoric, statesmanship, and personal convictions, Lincoln demonstrated a unique faith in both God and human reason. His moral example, always worth revisiting, is especially relevant for today’s divided country.
As a young man, Lincoln seemingly adopted the deistic views of the Founding Fathers. The churches of his day espoused a fundamentalist theology, including a belief in miracles and the Bible as the literal word of God. Lincoln rejected these views, as well as any notion of priestly authority or that of the Church on earth.
Lincoln did, however, believe in an omnipresent Providence, a God to which he was intimately related. According to Lord Charnwood, Lincoln’s best biographer, Lincoln was dismayed when some clergymen opposed his presidential candidacy. He confessed to an acquaintance that he was not a Christian, and then said, “I know that there is a God and that He hates injustice and slavery. I see the storm coming and I know that His hand is in it. If He has a place and work for me, and I think He has, I believe I am ready. I am nothing, but truth is everything; I know I am right because I know that liberty is right, for Christ teaches it, and Christ is God. I have told them that a house divided against itself cannot stand, and Christ and reason say the same, and they will find it so.”
SLIDESHOW: Lincoln’s Assassination
An autodidact, Lincoln “learned to reason with Euclid and learned to feel and to speak with the authors of the Bible,” Charnwood writes. He believed that the Bible could be appreciated through the use of reason as much as faith. In 1864, he wrote to his friend Joshua Speed: “I am profitably engaged in reading the Bible. Take all of this book upon reason that you can and the balance upon faith and you will live and die a better man.” Other speeches and writings evince Lincoln’s “fatalistic confidence in the ultimate victory of reason,” as Charnwood puts it. In his Lyceum Address in 1838, Lincoln decried recent incidents of mob violence, declaring that passion must be supplanted by reason and “reverence for the laws” in order to perpetuate the liberty and free institutions bequeathed by the Founders: “Reason, cold, calculating, unimpassioned reason, must furnish all the materials for our future support and defense.”
Yet as Lincoln assumed the presidency and faced the crisis of the Civil War, he appeared to be less sanguine about the ability of reason to overcome unruly passions. His language became increasingly religious. In his first inaugural address, he insisted that “intelligence, patriotism, Christianity, and a firm reliance on Him” would guide Americans through the present difficulties. Channeling Jesus’s instruction in the Sermon on the Mount to “love your enemies,” Lincoln concludes with a haunting and mystical plea for unity: “We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearthstone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.” (Emphasis mine.)
SLIDESHOW: Photographing Lincoln
In the debate over emancipation, Lincoln struggled to reconcile the demands of religious leaders to free the slaves with the realities of the war effort. He hated slavery, but he was also wary of losing the support of the border slave states. He replied to a group of Chicago churches in 1862 with evident frustration: “I hope it will not be irreverent for me to say that if it is probable that God would reveal his will to others, on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me; for, unless I am more deceived in myself than I often am, it is my earnest desire to know the will of Providence in this matter. And if I can learn what it is I will do it!” Days later, the Union victory at the bloody battle of Antietam provided cover for Lincoln to issue the Emancipation Proclamation. But there was another factor in his decision. Before Antietam, Lincoln had made a promise to God in his prayers that he would push for emancipation if the rebels were expelled from Maryland. Charnwood relates Lincoln’s discussions with his Cabinet: “‘It might be thought strange,’ he said, ‘that he had in this way submitted the disposal of matters, when the way was not clear to his mind what he should do. God had decided this question in favour of the slaves.’” “Such is the story,” Charnwood adds, “of what we may now remember as one of the signal events in the chequered progress of Christianity.”
Other tragedies befell Lincoln during the war, including the death of his son Willie. But he did not succumb to grief or the strains of the conflict. If anything, Lincoln became more faithful and assured of the righteousness of his cause, but also more charitable and merciful. Lincoln, Charnwood writes, was “a man who started by being tough and shrewd and canny and became very strong and very wise, started with an inclination to honesty, courage, and kindness, and became, under a tremendous strain, honest, brave, and kind to an almost tremendous degree.”
Lincoln’s second inaugural is his most intensely religious speech. Though he acknowledges that both sides “read the same Bible, and pray to the same God,” both cannot be right. Still, “let us judge not, that we be not judged.” If God wills that the war must continue, “the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether.” Yet it is our duty as citizens, Lincoln concludes, to trust in God, to care for one another, and to seek peace: “With malice toward none; with charity for all; with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in; to bind up the nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan — to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves, and with all nations.”
Lincoln’s embrace of religious rhetoric in his later speeches and writings does not necessarily conflict with his earlier optimism about the ultimate victory of reason. Indeed, both reason and faith can serve as pillars for the American regime of ordered liberty, as Lincoln demonstrated throughout his presidency. Reason enables us to discern the natural rights of all human beings, and to seek knowledge and the inherited wisdom of the past. But our reason often becomes a slave to our passions, and faith reminds us of our duties toward one another and our Creator.
To sum up Lincoln’s faith, one cannot improve upon the assessment of Charnwood, whose austere and elegant prose mirrors the speeches of his subject: “This man had stood alone in the dark. He had done justice; he had loved mercy; he had walked humbly with his God.”
– Daniel Wiser Jr. is an assistant editor of National Affairs.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump’s decision last week to order airstrikes to punish Syria for a chemical-weapons attack that killed and injured scores of civilians has exposed conservatism’s intellectual confusion about U.S. foreign policy. Perhaps the most troubling thing about this debate is the deficit of historical perspective – a failure to consider the moral-theological tradition of the West that insists that civilized nations have a responsibility to protect civilian populations in times of war.
Amid the brutally destructive Wars of Religion, Protestant thinker Hugo Grotius wrote On Laws of War and Peace (1625). “Though there may be circumstances, in which absolute justice will not condemn the sacrifice of lives in war,” he argued, “yet humanity will require that the greatest precaution should be used against involving the innocent in danger, except in cases of extreme urgency and utility.”
Here is a political principle, rooted in Judeo-Christian ethics, which has helped to protect countless civilians from the savagery of war. Here is a concept about human dignity that has influenced every international document on the conduct of nations in wartime: from the Geneva Protocol (1925), banning the use of chemical weapons; to the Genocide Convention (1948), adopted in the aftermath of the Holocaust; to the United Nations Responsibility to Protect (2005), a resolution authorizing military force to prevent crimes against humanity.
Yet many of the critics of the U.S. missile strike seem indifferent to this tradition. Conservatives such as Andrew McCarthy argue that Bashar al-Assad’s use of a weapon of mass destruction — which targeted innocent men, women, and children — involved “no vital American interests.” No vital American interests? When did conservatism decide that the United States has no interest in upholding a universal moral norm that has helped to prevent the West from descending into a permanent state of barbarism? When, exactly, did the humanitarian ideals of the Western tradition become irrelevant to the conduct of U.S. foreign policy?
It was the abject failure of the United Nations to uphold these principles throughout the 1980s and 1990s that produced the Responsibility to Protect (R2P) doctrine: the proposition that there is a collective responsibility to protect people from genocide, ethnic cleansing, and crimes against humanity — even if it means military intervention. Overwhelmingly approved by the U.N. General Assembly, R2P insists that nations cannot hide behind the U.N. charter and “national sovereignty” in order to wage war against their civilian populations. The signatories to the doctrine — which include the United States — agree to take “collective action . . . should peaceful means be inadequate” to protect populations at risk of gross human-rights abuses. In this, R2P pays homage to the Christian just-war tradition.
The problem, of course, is that the U.N. Security Council is deemed the only legitimate authority to implement the doctrine. Just-war theorist James Turner Johnson has written of the historic dysfunction of the United Nations in this regard: “The structure of the U.N. is such that clear purpose and effective command and control are virtually unimaginable.”
As long as Russia — Syria’s chief patron — retains its veto power on the U.N. Security Council, there will be no U.N. resolution to punish Assad or prevent him from committing more war crimes. Russian president Vladimir Putin has even suggested that the United States manufactured the chemical attack as a pretense for an invasion. We thus face the bizarre spectacle of a permanent member of the Security Council either complicit in a chemical-weapons attack or, at the very least, committed to a false and outlandish narrative of U.S. malevolence — all for the purpose of insulating a genocidal regime from censure. The result, if experience is any guide: an even more belligerent Syria, more mass atrocities, more attacks on humanitarian aid workers, and the near collapse of a universal moral principle.
And there are no vital American interests in play?
“If we are not able to enforce resolutions preventing the use of chemical weapons, what does that say about our effectiveness in this institution?” asked Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. “When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action.”
Ambassador Haley has a good deal of U.S. diplomatic history on her side. The 1999 NATO intervention in Kosovo — a bombing campaign that brought an end to the ethnic cleansing of the Balkan wars — lacked U.N. approval. It was, to be sure, a controversial intervention, and Bill Clinton’s deep aversion to American casualties contributed to the carnage and chaos during the campaign. But political realists who saw no important U.S. interests at stake — not even naked aggression and a humanitarian disaster within Europe’s borders could stir them — looked morally bankrupt once peace and security were restored to the region.
The same can be said about the American and British intervention on behalf of Iraqi Kurds after the first Gulf War. The Kurds of northern Iraq rebelled against Saddam Hussein in 1991, after his army was defeated and kicked out of Kuwait by the U.S.-led coalition. But the Iraqi army cracked down on the rebels, and seemed ready to exterminate the entire population — having used chemical weapons against them with impunity during the Iran–Iraq war. Within weeks, a million Kurds fled the region, with nearly 1,000 people dying each day.
The U.N. Security Council approved humanitarian assistance for the Kurds, but it never authorized the no-fly zones established under President George H. W. Bush. From April to September 1991, Operation Provide Comfort flew over 40,000 sorties, relocated 700,000 refugees, and restored many Kurdish villages destroyed by the Iraqi military. Over the next decade, U.S. and British pilots took anti-aircraft fire from Iraqi forces, shot down Iraqi planes, and successfully defended the no-fly zones. Today the Iraqi Kurds are among the most pro-Western allies in the Middle East, and arguably the most effective fighting force against the Islamic State. Their survival and contribution to stability in the region was the result of a humanitarian mission that, according to the realists, involved no vital American interests.
In both instances, the United States drew upon insights embedded in centuries of moral and political philosophy. Conservatives ought to know and care about these ideas, which have done so much to promote international peace and security.
President Trump’s decision to put aside his “America First” campaign pledge and to punish the Assad regime will not solve the nearly intractable problem of the Syrian civil war. The airstrike, confined to a single Syrian airfield, has hardly affected Assad’s capacity to deploy chemical weapons. But Trump’s decision to act, if part of a broader strategy of engagement, has the potential to reverse the diplomatic disaster created by Barack Obama’s feckless and disingenuous policies in Syria. It might help secure a measure of justice where diplomacy, absent the projection of American power, has utterly failed.
The United States has sent a message that lawless regimes cannot always evade the moral laws that govern civilized nations. It is a message that is consistent with America’s vital national interests — and with its most cherished political and religious ideals.
– Joseph Loconte, an associate professor of history at the King’s College in New York City, served as a human rights expert for the Congressional Task Force on the United Nations. He is the author of A Hobbit, a Wardrobe, and a Great War: How J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis Rediscovered Faith, Friendship, and Heroism in the Cataclysm of 1914–1918.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Republicans have reason to be nervous about next Tuesday’s special election to replace Georgia’s Tom Price, who resigned from Congress to join President Trump’s Cabinet. If the GOP candidate performs as badly as the party’s narrow winner of a special election in Republican Kansas did this week, nervous GOP majorities in Congress will be even less eager to take policy risks.
On one level, special elections often don’t have national implications. Local candidates and conditions may be paramount in voter minds. But special elections can capture the public’s mood, especially when it comes to the enthusiasm or lack thereof shown by voters of each major party. In Kansas, Republican state treasurer Ron Estes won by 53 percent to 46 percent over a little-known civil-rights lawyer, a poor performance in a district that Donald Trump carried with 63 percent of the vote just five months ago. More ominously, Estes won just 38 percent as many votes as Mike Pompeo, then the incumbent, did last year, and his Democratic opponent won 68 percent as many votes as the Democrat who lost to Pompeo. If the Wichita-based seat hadn’t been so deeply Republican, that turnout differential would have sunk Estes.
It certainly would be enough to sink a Republican in the northern Atlanta suburbs, where voters will go to the polls next Tuesday to elect a replacement for Tom Price. The affluent district normally is heavily Republican, voting for Mitt Romney by 23 points in 2012. But Trump rubbed many educated voters the wrong way and he wound up carrying the seat by only 1.5 points.
Democrat Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old documentary-film maker, would normally be cannon fodder for his party in the district. But his anti-Trump drumbeat (“Let’s Make Trump Furious”) has helped him raise an extraordinary $8.5 million. He will face eleven Republicans in Tuesday’s open primary, with most of them attacking one another rather than him. Should he win more than 50 percent, he automatically wins the seat. Otherwise, he goes into a June 20 runoff against the top Republican. That is likely to be either Karen Handel, a moderate who once served as Georgia’s secretary of state, or Bob Gray, a businessman backed by the free-market Club for Growth.
If the Republicans lose to Ossoff, or see him come close to a first-round victory, storm signals will go up. In the past, special-election losses have often signaled that incumbent presidents were a drag on their party. In 1993, Democrats barely held a Wisconsin seat in the first months of Bill Clinton’s presidency. The next year they lost ancestrally Democratic seats in Oklahoma and Kentucky, an indication that they were in danger of losing the House that November (which they did). In 2007 and 2008, Democrats won GOP seats in Illinois, Louisiana, and Mississippi, a clear sign of a demoralized Republican base in the second term of George W. Bush.
But there are some differences. In the Clinton and Bush years, the opposition party was careful to run candidates that fit their districts and were able to disengage from the national party’s liabilities. In the Louisiana and Mississippi races in 2008, both winning Democrats were pro-gun and anti-abortion.
This year, Democrats are making no pretense of running moderates. In Kansas, Georgia, and an upcoming June special election in Montana, all three Democratic nominees come from the Bernie Sanders wing of the party and aren’t hiding it. In Kansas, Republicans were able to rally the pro-life community by accusing Democratic nominee William Thompson of supporting late-term abortions. Thompson protested that his position had been mischaracterized, but unconvincingly.
The lesson for Republicans is that the old admonition of Ben Franklin to his fellow patriots during the Revolutionary War applies to them: If they don’t hang together, they will hang separately. If Republicans fail to address Obamacare, tax reform, or immigration in a convincing way, they will likely see some of their voters stay home in 2017. If enough do, control of the House or Senate could be jeopardy.
In the cynical, performance-based mood that many disaffected voters are in, excuses will no longer suffice. Of course, Republicans might lose some voters by implementing real change. But Kansas shows that the greater danger is failing to deliver the kind of change a restless electorate clamored for as recently as last November.
— John Fund is NRO’s national-affairs columnist.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In the collected works of Peter Navarro, there is a peculiar paradox: Some of the dullest prose imaginable challenges the sharp edge of Hanlon’s razor, the aphorism that advises us: “Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.” Professor Navarro of the University of California at Irvine has hanging on the wall of an office or a den somewhere a doctorate in economics from Harvard; barring some Forrest Gump–level chain of coincidence, it does not seem likely that anything as innocent as stupidity explains his literary output, which consists of a few how-to-make-money-in-the-stock-market books (an actual title: “If It’s Raining in Brazil, Buy Starbucks”) from earlier in his career and a half dozen or so low-minded books about China with such talk-radio-ready names as “Death by China” and “The Coming China Wars,” two books that contain 80 exclamation points between them, as well as several pamphlets summarizing the main points of his books.
He is President Donald Trump’s house China intellectual, the only one of his close advisers who is a credentialed academic economist, albeit one whose area of specialty is utility companies, not international trade. (Our most famous scholar of trade economics, Paul Krugman, apparently was not available for service in the Trump administration. Pity.) Navarro has been named head of the newly created National Trade Council, a position in which he is well positioned to do a great deal of damage to the Trump administration, to the United States and its economic interests, and, possibly, to the world. That’s quite a step up for a man who was teaching undergraduate econ to business students until a few months ago.
It will not escape your notice that his career bears more than a passing resemblance to that of Elizabeth Warren. Both entered public life as academics; both attempted to build fortunes and reputations on popular financial self-help books (Elizabeth Warren offered the Dave Ramsey–ish Ultimate Lifetime Money Plan); Warren, possibly owing to her being a woman of color (Pantone code 11-0602 TPX), secured a more prestigious academic appointment than he did, but UC Irvine isn’t nothing; both individuals were instrumental in the creation of federal agencies, though Warren ultimately was prevented from leading the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau she dreamt up; both sought public office, with Warren coming to serve in the Senate and Navarro running for office four times as a Democrat, losing races for mayor of San Diego, San Diego city council, county supervisor, and California’s 49th congressional district; both have a taste for populist arguments against international trade, and both have made environmental concerns a prominent part of their anti-trade positions: “Vice President and Nobel Laureate Al Gore has been transformed by an avalanche of scientific facts from a left-wing crazy to the planet’s most authoritative political voice on the subject,” writes Navarro.
And both are battier than Bruce Wayne’s basement.
Professor Navarro, among other things, makes economics errors that would be obvious to an undergraduate. This has been commented on at some length elsewhere, most prominently after he published a review of the Trump economic plan (a review co-authored with Wilbur Ross, who is not an economist but is now secretary of commerce) in which he proffered the schoolboy argument that, because GDP is defined as the sum of consumption, investment, government spending, and net exports, eliminating our trade deficit with China would add substantially to GDP. In economics terms, he has mistaken an accounting identity for real-world causality; in layman’s terms, this is horsepucky, “a mistake that an econ professor like him really shouldn’t be making,” as Noah Smith of Bloomberg put it.
“Net exports” means “exports minus imports,” and, because the United States currently runs a trade deficit, that figure is negative. And it is not a trivial figure: Our trade deficit with China in 2016 equaled about 2 percent of GDP. But eliminating that trade deficit would not add 2 percent to GDP; imports are subtracted from the GDP model because they already are counted in other consumption and we don’t want to double-count them. As Cato’s Dan Ikenson puts it in his savage write-up of Navarro’s “economic illiteracy” — his words — in The Hill: “Imports have nothing to do with GDP — other than the fact that they increase when the economy is growing and they tend to decrease when the economy is contracting. . . . There is no inverse relationship between imports and GDP, as Navarro asserts.” He calls Navarro’s appointment an “assault on the fundamental premise that public policy should be rooted in fact and reason.”
Deficits in trade are married to surpluses in investment. The Chinese choose to consume less and invest more for many reasons: One is that China is still poor and does not wish to be, and its leaders understand that real prosperity does not come without real investment; another is that any Chinese national with the wherewithal to invest outside of China is smart enough to know that doing so is prudent when you live under a police state that is by necessity always one serious economic crisis away from civil unrest.
Professor Navarro never gives any serious consideration to the actual fact of trade-offs between consumption and investment, trade-offs being the coin of the realm for economists doing economics. For him, trade is mainly a moral question: “While China’s unfair trading practices constitute the major reason the United States runs huge trade deficits with China,” he writes,
None of that is true. Neither is his related claim that China effectively acts as the United States’ “central banker,” as he repeatedly puts it. A little less than half of U.S.-government debt held by the public is owned by foreign governments and institutions, and China is not the biggest overseas holder of that debt: Japan is, as of the most recent (December 2016) figures from the Treasury Department. The third-biggest holder of U.S. federal debt abroad is Ireland, followed by — see if you can identify the trend here — the Cayman Islands, Brazil, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and the United Kingdom. The belief that Beijing has some special hold on U.S. finances is a myth. To the extent that there is a stranglehold, it is mutual: Luo Ping, then China’s top bank regulator, told an audience of American financiers and regulators in 2009: “Except for U.S. Treasuries, what can you hold? Gold? You don’t hold Japanese-government bonds or U.K. bonds. . . . We know the dollar is going to depreciate, so we hate you guys, but there is nothing much we can do.” He wasn’t wrong about that, and the prospect of China firebombing its own assets in a fit of anti-American pique is far-fetched.
Professor Navarro almost certainly knows this. Professor Navarro almost certainly does not care. His fearful books and risible policy analyses are not written for the Dan Ikensons of the world, or even for those freshman econ students who could spot the errors in his work. They are written for partisans and true believers. This is a very large audience — Sean Hannity’s audience — but Navarro’s most recent policy analysis was written for the smallest of all possible audiences, an audience of one: Donald J. Trump.
Navarro’s China books are also written to stir emotion, not light.
He refers to Diego Garcia as “one of the most strategic bases in the American matrix,” a phrase that is without meaning. (“Vetoing panda proliferates genocide in Darfur,” on the other hand, is worthy of Lawrence Ferlinghetti.) He offers absurd historical quantifications such as this gem: “Across a broad swath of world history, in fully eleven of the fifteen times since 1500 that a rising power like China faced an established power like the United States, war resulted more than 70 percent of the time.”
He is very, very fond of that “broad” swath, sweep, whatever, e.g., “It should be clear from this broad sweep of history that since taking power in 1949, the Chinese Communist Party has consistently engaged in repeated acts of aggression and violence over a period spanning more than six decades.” Well figured again. “When you juxtapose this Chinese history against that of America’s own exceedingly violent modern record, this is indeed a highly combustible mix.” One hears in that some echoes of Trump’s defense of Vladimir Putin’s murders and suppression: “We’ve got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country is so innocent?”
His policy prescriptions are fanciful and moralistic (“Question whether you really need what you are about to buy from China”), and he falls into the familiar academic’s conceit of believing that he knows a great deal more about other people’s businesses than do those people, who run them. E.g.: “I always marvel at this lemming-like offshoring behavior. . . . In the parlance of business strategy, these executives have failed miserably in performing a complete ‘risk assessment’ of moving their facilities to China.” In an earlier life, I was involved in corporate risk-assessment, which is much more granular (one of my chores was counting up the number of ransom kidnappings in Santo Domingo) than the “grand sweep” of Professor Navarro’s point of view. The brain trust in Cupertino almost certainly has given a lot more thought and genuine study to Apple’s vulnerabilities vis-à-vis China than Peter Navarro has.
I should probably mention the plagiarism. So far as I can see, Professor Navarro does not copy the work of others word for word (except for an unattributed quotation from Toby Keith), but his work sometimes relies heavily on uncredited sources. For example, in a section on Chinese-made counterfeit goods, he asks the reader to consider a number of scenarios: developing a rash from using fake Head and Shoulders shampoo made with an irritating ingredient, having one’s fire-alarm system destroyed by fake Duracell batteries, having a reaction from fake Viagra, etc. Those name-brand examples appear in a piece by ABC News that is substantially similar to Navarro’s text, as well as in an earlier Chicago Tribune report. If one of my undergraduate students had turned in a similar piece of work, I would have flunked him for it.
But this is part of Professor Navarro’s throw-it-all-and-see-what-sticks approach. It leads him to some strange places, such as suggesting that China is likely to dissolve into a state of internal chaos and that one of the possible “triggers” is an HIV pandemic. He refers to this possibility as “China’s Ticking HIV/AIDS Time Bomb” in The Coming China Wars (2008). In reality, China has an HIV-infection rate less than one-thirtieth that of the District of Columbia. HIV is an issue in China, as it is almost everywhere, but it is a minor one, even in comparison with more advanced countries such as the United Kingdom. Professor Navarro merrily ignores the entire context.
His sloppiness with sources is general. Navarro cites a Rand Corporation report suggesting that China is behind Iran’s nuclear program without mentioning that the report is a quarter-century old, that it identifies China as a “moderate threat to U.S. interests,” or that subsequent Rand analysis suggests that Chinese involvement with Iranian nuclear ambitions seems to have ended around 1997. He does not even cite any particular Rand report, simply attributing a long quotation to “the Rand Corporation.”
Professor Navarro does not have much of an eye for the future, which is a problem for a man in the futurism business. He foresees American streets clogged with shoddy Chinese-made cars:
There are a few Chinese-made cars for sale in the United States: Volvo, for instance, makes some cars there. The bumpers are pretty good. Trump fretted that China is maneuvering to control the world’s oil supply and that a partnership between Beijing and Caracas (this while Hugo Chávez was running the show) threatened to starve the United States of oil. Since then, the United States has become a petroleum exporter, and, as I write, the oilmen in Houston are watching queasily as the price of crude dips below $50 because of an oil glut.
As a wise man once said, it is difficult to make predictions, especially about the future. But Professor Navarro does not seem to understand the present very well, either. In fact, his understanding of the Chinese authorities’ economic strategy is exactly backward. He argues that Beijing intentionally maintains an artificially high unemployment rate in order to coerce workers into accepting wages that are low and stagnant. In reality, Chinese workers’ wages have been rising from 5 percent to 7 percent (or more, by some estimates) per year for years, while unemployment has been relatively low. As unemployment has increased in recent years, Beijing has gone to great lengths to convince the Chinese people that the labor market is tighter than in fact it is. Beijing knows that an army of unemployed men is an army that it must take seriously. Far from using the threat of unemployment to motivate workers, the powers that be in China fear a general sense of job insecurity more than they fear anything else short of an invading army.
One could go on. But there would be no point. Trump feels the need for occasional intellectual window-dressing: Consider his endless references to the academic highflyers in his family and his recent boast that “we have by far the highest IQ of any cabinet ever assembled.” But he is in fact deeply anti-intellectual, which is one of the reasons he prefers to be advised by cranks and fast-food titans than, say, subject-area experts. Professor Navarro is, as I understand it, an excellent scholar of utilities. He does not have any special competence on the subject of China, on the economics of trade, or on American trade policy. He is a crude and ridiculous propagandist — one with a federal portfolio and a place of honor in the Trump administration.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. This piece appears in the April 3, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This article was first published in the April 24, 1987, issue of National Review, featured in Mr. Mano’s “The Gimlet Eye” column. Despite the title, it makes for appropriate reading before Easter.
And he said unto them, Behold, when ye are entered into the city, there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him into the house where he entereth in.
And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples? And he shall show you a large upper room furnished: there make ready.
—Luke 22: 10–12
There is a strange agency at work here. The Scripture might be haunted. That pitcher-bearer. This goodman. They spook me. Who are they, what special order of grace do they belong to? And, elsewhere, those men who surrender the colt “whereon yet never man sat.” Nameless, equivocal shapes. “Hey,” they shout, “why loose ye the colt?” The Lord has need of it, His disciples explain. Oh, well. In that case. Why didn’t you say so? Take our expensive animal. And has their free will been taken also? It is as if a casual, weird cast of accomplices inhabited Jerusalem. Men or suchlike who know, often better than fumbling Peter or over-literal Thomas, just how to ornament the Passion.
Were they perhaps made of some angelic stuff? I don’t think so: it is the Lord’s habit, thank God, to enlist men wherever convenient. He has an economical disposition. And Man was, after all, what this grand enterprise had been about from the first. But how then did Jesus, so to speak, make His room reservation in advance? Were these men sensitized by dreams? Did the Holy Spirit, foraging like a quartermaster sergeant, requisition their possessions through sign and vision? It is possible. The Lord had been known to trouble sleep. “And being warned of God in a dream . . . ” Was there fitfulness before the Passover?
Again, I think not. God prefers, when He can, to conserve terrestrial order. He has a dramatic instinct. And His own peculiar unities. The Passion is as naturalistic as frail wrist tissue shredded by a spike. Jesus could ferment water. He could infinitely divide the loaf and the fish. But here He had need of a furnished apartment. His colt might have come about providentially, as Abraham’s ram came about, caught in some thicket. But God wanted a known colt: one that had memorable references in Jerusalem. It was His purpose to leave a clear and historical track behind — evidence that might stand up in court. The presence of transcendent power among modest instruments is more persuasive than any bullying miracle could be.
I suppose it this way, then. That these — pitcher-bearer and goodman and colt-owner, these first acolytes of the Eucharist — were men given sudden and heightened perception. An abrupt seeing Into. Spirit came upon them as Jesus came upon Matthew sitting at the receipt of custom: “Follow me. And he arose, and followed Him.” Simply that. Next Window Please. We are so habituated to reason and a precious carefulness that Christ’s people seem, well, irresponsible. But grace is first the law-breaker. It can be brutal: “Let the dead bury their dead.” Brutal and rash and unfair. Because there is no ground whatever for believing that these were righteous men. They didn’t earn their cameo roles in the Passion through good work. I suspect they were chosen rather for an openness to potential. They were, above all, ready men.
Simon of Cyrene, recruited by grace and some Roman to lug Jesus’ cross, is my paradigm in this. He had, it would seem, no previous experience for the work. No moral credentials that we hear about. Just a man “who passed by, coming out of the country.” To trade, to sightsee, to window-shop: another tourist in the Big Fig. And, all at once, he is absorbed by that rubbernecking mob. Elbow to the front — what have we here? And it’s you, yes you. Bozo, pack that wood. We know nothing about Simon, except that his children, Rufus and Alexander, became Christians. On Good Friday, Simon was what we all are, a passerby. And shanghaied by the Holy Spirit. I take comfort in this thought, whose life otherwise does not much recommend itself to God. That I may be granted, through His fierce randomness and my mere availability, a walk-on moment of redemption.
Return to the Passion now. Imagine, say, a man in his workshop room alone. For best effect, I’d fancy him preoccupied: revising some device of his craft, in thought, whatever. Suppose it hot and ordinary out. Then, all of one rush, as weather can change, there should be an importance in the air. Let that cheap pitcher interpose itself across his attention here. For this instant it should have more pitcherness. The way common objects astound and please when we are full of joy. This is, you know, not his regular time to fetch water in. But the thought of “pitcher,” the very surprising idea that it can hold water, contains aptness and fascination for him. It has been infused by grace. And he rises at a call — not from God as such, nor from any impending event — but to honor the perfect nature of one created thing. There is elevation all around.
Returning from the well he happens upon two men. After that, unaware, they will become a procession of three.
It is not through war and celebrity that God has most advanced His will. It Is through the commonplace: room, colt, manger, fisherman — thunderous Easter, atrocity and miracle, are prepared for in them. Open a window. Pick up anything. Inhale. These are moments and incidents without moral import except for this: that reverence and special shining can inhere. We are admonished to be alert. And certainly we have lost just that measure of openness and heightening and expectation. This is, I suspect, what those shadowy men are about. If they didn’t know, they felt, felt at some proper instant, that even in the filling of a pitcher one might lead great strangers to magnificence.
— D. Keith Mano was a TV screenwriter and author of ten books, including Take Five, the recipient of the 1987 Literary Lion award, and a columnist at National Review magazine for 17 years.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
When the late Robert Bork was received into the Catholic Church only a few years ago, his two godparents were Kate O’Beirne and me. He was amused enough by this to say to Kate that he felt that he was becoming an Irish Catholic rather than a Roman Catholic.
“Beware the sin of pride, Bob,” responded Kate.
Almost everyone who knew Kate from National Review, the Heritage Foundation, the Washington media world she all-too-briefly dazzled, or in her earlier life as an Army wife and lawyer, can tell some such story of her quick spontaneous wit and engaging laugh. If she had wished, she could have been a stand-up comedian — a kind of very cleaned-up conservative anti-feminist Amy or Samantha — but with substance, an intent to amuse and instruct rather than to wound and defeat, and enough talent to start a very different stand-up trend.
Kate’s wit and sharpness were an important part of her appeal to conservatives. We get so used to seeing our champions floored by non-sequiturs and platitudes that it’s an enormous relief when one comes along who can more than hold her own with the best of enemies. I never felt nervous on Kate’s behalf when she was on a platform or a television talk show defending some difficult point of conservative theory or Republican folly. I had seen her win too many arguments on NR cruise panels (against me on too many occasions) to doubt her ability to kill a fallacy with an epigram and to leave her defeated opponent laughing. I would sometimes watch her husband, Jim O’Beirne, when she was speaking to see how he was reacting. He always looked supremely relaxed.
Much of this ability was down to the fact that Kate was both highly intelligent and well-prepared. She had a deep hinterland of legal, historical, political, and religious knowledge. She thought hard about the topics of the day before appearing on TV to discuss them. And she never let her side down. But many people do as much and still flounder. Kate had that X-factor ability to make a complicated truth understandable and a stern test appealing. I think that’s God-given. And Kate didn’t let the gift go to waste.
Kate was a serious and devout Catholic, but she was also the kind of believer who shocks the puritan souls of non-believers by being able to joke about the faith and the faithful. I remember once that she mentioned that some NR cruisers in Rome were making a side-trip to see Padre Pio.
“He’s rumored to be able to see directly into your soul,” she said. “Are you going, John?”
“Er, well, I’ve got a very crowded program, Kate, and er . . . ”
“No, I’m not going either,” she said very firmly, before bursting out laughing.
For there were touches of bohemianism in Kate’s make-up. Her father had run one of the most famous jazz clubs in New York, and he brought some of the players, singers, and actors who played and gathered there home for Sunday lunch with the family. Late at night on NR cruises, Kate would tell some wonderful stories of these roistering players who, somehow in her home and company, behaved. So indeed did the bright young conservative journalists whom she foster-mothered in NR’s Washington office after arriving there in the mid Nineties as Washington editor. Among her many gifts was that of mentoring young people and pushing them to achieve more than they might have attempted for themselves.
Kate had the kind of death that every Christian should wish to have. She had ratified her peace with God through the sacraments. Jim, her sons Phil and John, her sisters, other family and friends were at her bedside. Her affairs, religious and secular, were in order. She left this world peacefully and entered the next one hopefully. Those of us who are left will feel grateful for someone who gave us laughter, instruction, and example and who showed that a good life can also be a great life.
— John O’Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
France is another country; they do things differently there. In Theresa May’s Britain and Donald Trump’s America, recent votes have been defined by populist hostility to technocratic “elites” — the modern aristocracy of bankers, civil servants, and politicians. Yet Emmanuel Macron, the winner in Sunday’s first round of the French presidential elections, embodies all of these unpopular categories.
Macron is an énarque—a graduate of the École nationale d’administration, France’s elite civil-service academy. After a brief stint in the finance ministry, he moved to Rothschild’s bank, then passed through the revolting door to politics, as an economic adviser to the current president, François Hollande a socialist of no fixed depth or clear competence. In 2016, Macron stepped aside as Hollande sank in the polls and floated himself as a one-man party. Its name, En Marche!, handily matches his initials: EM! On Sunday, Macron’s promise of technocratic efficiency won a plurality, 23.8 percent of the votes.
Macron is heavily favored to win the second round on May 7. Or rather, Marine Le Pen and the Front National (FN) are heavily favored to lose. Le Pen came a close second in Sunday’s vote, with 21.6 percent of the vote. Both are beneficiaries of the collapse of the traditional parties of the center right and the center left. Both style themselves as insurgents but promise to preserve France’s welfare state. Macron, the erstwhile minister of the Economy, Industry and Digital Affairs, promises to overhaul the French system through an efficiency drive. Le Pen calls for more radical measures, including the abandonment of the euro. In power, either would be an unknown and inexperienced quantity.
The policy differences between Sunday’s two winners are doubled by Sunday’s two losers: François Fillon, of the conservative Républicains (20 percent); and Jean-Luc Mélenchon (19.5 percent), of the broadly left-wing La France Insoumise. Like Macron, Jean-Luc Mélenchon defected from the Socialists — in his case leftwards — and set up his own party in 2016. Its title, “La France Insoumise,” translates like a Le Pen campaign slogan: France Unbowed, France Undefeated, France Rebellious. His hostility to the EU and his dirigiste promises to defend the welfare state and the jobs of French workers closely resemble Le Pen’s positions. Les extrêmes se touchent, as the French say: The extremes meet.
Mélenchon had surged in the polls in the days before the vote. The media in France and abroad had characterized this as another insurgency, this time neo-Communist. Perhaps this explanation appealed because none of the candidates looked certain to overtake Marine Le Pen, the candidate, by ideological and familial extraction, of neo-fascism. Really, Mélenchon’s rise reflected the collapse of the Socialists. The Socialists started in a bad position, as the sitting government. Worse, their candidate Benoît Hamon was tarred with the failures of François Hollande. Hamon lost votes to Mélenchon on his left, to Macron on his right, and to Le Pen across the board, and ended with a disastrous 6 percent.
François Fillon is a neo-Thatcherite. As the least statist of the major candidates, he was, in French terms at least, more of an insurgent than Macron or Mélenchon. Fillon’s policies are a center-right mirror of Macron’s center-left policies; the prescriptions are those of Thatcher and Reagan rather than Clinton and Blair, but the promised cure is the same. Fillon, like Le Pen, ran an anti-elitist campaign that appealed to traditional and Catholic voters. He led Le Pen until a series of corruption scandals exposed him as an elitist in populist’s clothing, which opened a path for Macron. Still, Sunday’s result does not damage Les Républicains in the way that it does the Socialists.
In 2002, Marine Le Pen’s father, Jean-Luc, who is not a neo-fascist but an old one, came second in the first round, with 16.86 percent of the vote. In the second round, strategic voting preserved France’s “republican consensus,” giving Jacques Chirac 82 percent of the vote. At least Fillon’s elimination deprives French voters of having to revive the 2002 slogan, “Vote for the crook, not the fascist.” On Sunday, Marine Le Pen beat her father’s first-round score in 2002. Her strategy of “dediabolisation” — “making undiabolical,” or disassociating the Front National from its fascist and racist past — is working. The FN is now the first choice of first-time voters.
Sunday’s first-round voting confirms that in politics as in cheese, the French are a law unto themselves. France’s two-stage electoral process thins the rich and odiferous range of first-round options to a two-candidate runoff. On May 7, will the voters hold their noses in the second round, as they did in 2002?
For the first time since 1958, neither of the major parties of the Left and Right will be in the second round. The second vote will test how well the “republican consensus” is surviving the collapse of the center — and how far the FN are becoming normalized as the voice of another kind of consensus, about national identity. The question seems to be less whether Macron will win, but by how much Le Pen will lose. In this sense, Le Pen is also a winner of Sunday’s vote. The FN might still have an electoral ceiling, but it is rising.
Macron is no longer the insurgent, but the favorite. Like Fillon, he is an elitist campaigning as a populist. Le Pen will attack him as a “globalist” insider, as a turncoat Socialist, and as a fervent supporter of the EU and the euro. On paper, none of these should be vote-winning positions, yet on Sunday they were. But then, the French are different.
— Dominic Green is a fellow of the Royal Historical Society and teaches politics at Boston College.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Hasn’t Bill Clinton been fellated thoroughly enough?
Nina Burleigh spoke for a certain variety of 1990s-style feminist when she famously said that “American women should be lining up” — on their knees — in order to express their gratitude to Bill Clinton for “keeping theocracy off our backs.”
You all remember how close we were to theocracy back in the 1990s: California banned smoking in all bars, Chris Farley died of a cocaine-and-opiates overdose, Barry Switzer got canned . . . and . . . nothing like a theocracy was anywhere to be seen, heard of, or smelt. As much as the Democrats tried to cast Ken Starr as a modern-day Roger Chillingworth (if not a Torquemada), Bill Clinton wasn’t in trouble for making the White House interns strap on their presidential kneepads: He was in trouble for perjury, an offense for which he was later obliged to surrender his law license. Clinton was guilty of everything he was accused of, and more.
But he beat two Republicans when Democrats thought they were never going to win the presidency again, and he brought the Reagan era to an end. He did not actually do a hell of a lot as president — he just surfed the long wave of prosperity that had kicked off in the early 1980s — and much of what he did do was to enact Republican priorities: NAFTA (Republicans used to believe in free enterprise — look it up, kids!) and, grudgingly, welfare reform. He bitterly complained in private that he had come into office hoping to be Jack Kennedy but had been obliged to become Dwight Eisenhower.
But politics is not about policy. Clinton won, Clinton was slick, and Clinton made fools out of Republicans and high-profile right-wing critics. He provided American progressives with all they really want out of a politician: emotional validation. (Hey, Trump voters!) And so Democrats loved him — deeply, madly, and, in many cases, to the point of abasing themselves.
Miss Burleigh’s suggestion was not enough. Not nearly. Rather than send Bill Clinton into his dotage with a generous allowance of Viagra and interns, they gave his wife — his batty, corrupt, inept, corrupt, feckless, corrupt, preening, unbearable, corrupt, condescending, and corrupt wife — the Senate seat being vacated by Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the last good Democrat. She was elected to represent the state of New York in the Senate when she did not even live there, leading Moynihan to wryly praise her “Illinois-Arkansas enthusiasm.”
She did not do very much in the Senate, though she did manage to acquire a nice real-estate portfolio, including a Chappaqua house with a pool big enough to dock Marco Rubio’s boat. The Senate is a perfectly nice place to be. They don’t expect much of you there — ask Patty Murray. You can make little speeches, and shunt great roaring streams of federal money into the service of your hobbies and the pockets of your friends.
It’s a good gig, being a senator. But that was not a big enough tribute to the Big Creep. And it wasn’t enough for Mrs. Creep, either, who had endured so much public humiliation in the cause of making NPR listeners feel good about themselves. She was running for president from the day she was seated in the Senate. But she could not close the deal. First, she got whipped in the primaries by a nobody back-bencher who answered her Illinois-Arkansas enthusiasm with his own Hawaii-Illinois cunning, in effect telling Democratic primary voters: “Okay, I’ll see your white woman and raise you a black guy.” So Mrs. Clinton became secretary of state. She was not very good at that.
And then, after barely edging out Comrade Muppet in the 2016 primary, she lost to a half-literate game-show host.
But, as the poet said, there ain’t no cure for love, and Democrats just can’t quit the Big Creep.
So they’ve turned to the Little Creep.
Chelsea Clinton, most recently lionized on the cover of Variety, is a 37-year-old multi-millionaire who has never uttered an interesting word about any subject at any time during the course of her life. Judging from the evidence of her public statements, she has never had an original thought — it isn’t clear that she has had a thought at all. In tribute to her parents, she was given a series of lucrative sinecures, producing a smattering of sophomoric videos for NBC at a salary of $600,000 a year. She later went more formally into the family business, leaving her fake job at NBC for a fake job in her parents’ fake charity. She gave interviews about how she just couldn’t get interested in money and bought a $10 million Manhattan apartment that stretches for the better part of a city block.
And, since her mother’s most recent foray into ignominious defeat, she has been inescapable: magazine covers, fawning interviews, talk of running her in New York’s 17th congressional district. The Democrats are doing their best to make Chelsea happen.
And, who knows, it might work. It would be tempting to write her off as a know-nothing rich kid who has made a living off her family connections while operating one of the world’s most truly asinine Twitter accounts, but . . . well, you know.
But, for Pete’s sake, stop it. Have a little self-respect, Democrats. Build Bill Clinton a statue or . . . whatever. Send him your daughters like a bunch of bone-in-the-nose primitives paying tribute to the tribal chieftain. But stop trying to inflict this empty-headed, grasping, sanctimonious, risible, simpering, saccharine little twerp on American public life.
It’s stupid enough out there.
– Kevin Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
Editor’s Note: This piece originally mistakenly said that Chelsea Clinton appeared recently on the cover of Vanity Fair. In fact, it was Variety.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
We had to tell the judge.
It was the middle of our terrorism trial in 1995, and the Blind Sheikh’s lawyer was trying to elicit hearsay from a witness — some innocent-sounding remark the witness had heard the “emir of jihad” make. I bolted out of my seat to object. At the sidebar, I made the Evidence 101 point that if the Blind Sheikh wanted his words placed before the jury, he would need to take the stand and testify.
By then, it was obvious that he had no intention to do that. It would have meant submitting to cross-examination and being confronted with his decades of brazen jihadist rhetoric. So his lawyers fought hard to get the occasional benign statement admitted through more appealing witnesses. Ultimately we prevailed – Judge Michael Mukasey (yeah, that Michael Mukasey) ruled the testimony inadmissible.
Except . . . I was wrong. Well, truth be told, I still think I was right, but in our system, that wasn’t my call to make. When we went back to the office that night, one of my partners, Pat Fitzgerald (yeah, that Pat Fitzgerald), found a couple of cases in which the Second Circuit had theorized that this kind of “state of mind” hearsay was admissible. Once we determined there was no principled way we could distinguish our case, the next step was clear and inarguable: We had to tell the judge. First thing the next morning, we withdrew my errant objection. We showed Judge Mukasey the cases, he quite properly reversed his ruling, and the testimony was admitted into evidence.
I hadn’t thought about that story for years, probably because it was not very unusual. Okay, I hear you snickering: Andy made an argument that turned out to be wrong — nope, nothing unusual there! Fine, guilty as charged.
What I mean, though, is that our office (the U.S. attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York), like the Justice Department as a whole, was very self-conscious about its traditions and reputation for probity.
That was not because we were all upright, altruistic types — though I like to think most of us were. It had a lot to do with self-interest. Nothing damages a government lawyer’s reputation more than having a conviction in a big case reversed because of some prosecutorial error; and no error more invites reversal than depriving an accused of the constitutional right to present his defense.
Then there’s the big picture. See, there are a lot of judgment calls in litigation, which means there is no shortage of temptation to pull a fast one, since we always want to win the case at hand. But there are lots and lots of cases. When a prosecutor develops a reputation for trustworthiness in the courthouse, that helps on all the judgment calls in all the cases. In addition, when a judge clearly respects the prosecutor, that makes an impression on the jury. People fully expect defense lawyers to fight zealously for their clients; they expect prosecutors to fight fairly. It thus matters whether the sense conveyed by the judge is that the prosecutor is playing it straight or seems slippery. Plus, it is the law that the prosecutor must reveal arguably exculpatory evidence and must speak up when a legal error has been made, especially an error by the prosecutor. Most law-enforcement-oriented people grasp that enforcing the law includes doing so when the law cuts against you — which the criminal law tends to do against the government, thanks to the presumption of innocence and due-process rules that are a model for the world.
The memory of my old war story was jogged by our Kevin D. Williamson’s characteristically insightful column on Thursday about the criminal-justice system’s trust meltdown. He relates recent horror stories about prosecutorial falsification of forensic evidence, most notoriously a chemist in Massachusetts the detection of whose perfidies has caused a mind-blowing 21,587 drug convictions to be vacated.
Kevin’s central point is spot on: Something serious needs to be done about law-enforcement officials who pervert justice. It is long overdue, and not solely because of wrongfully convicted innocents who suffer stolen years and ruined lives. More numerous and more costly to society are wrongful convictions of the guilty.
Rest assured that they account for the overwhelming run of defendants whose convictions have been vacated. It’s a safe wager that most of them pled guilty, and that most of the corners cut by corrupt forensic investigators and prosecutors did not need cutting. But take this to the bank: These thousands of cases are not going to be reinstated. A large percentage of them are going to be dismissed — statute of limitations, staleness, evidence destroyed (as it routinely is after a guilty plea), the embarrassing prospect of corruption featuring prominently in new trials, etc. Felons who should be in jail will be back preying on their neighborhoods.
Worse, the misconduct will make justice harder to achieve in the future. Nothing makes the job of honorable law-enforcement officials more difficult than the cheaters. The latter may be a tiny portion, but they inevitably reflect on the whole. They cause courts and defense lawyers to assume that corruption has crept into investigative and prosecutorial practices heretofore assumed to be unimpeachable. Police and prosecutor’s offices will have to respond with new rules.
I’ve frequently argued over the years that a rogue will be a rogue no matter what the rules are. Our priority should not be heightened guidelines for everyone; it should be to purge the rogues. Heightened guidelines often just make things harder for law-abiding investigators, the people for whom we didn’t need to raise standards in the first place. When it becomes harder to enforce the law, some of the guilty ineluctably benefit — it being, after all, the conceit of our system that it is better for the guilty to go free than for the innocent to be railroaded. It is just a fact that whenever there is a reactive wave of anti-corruption rules, the principal beneficiaries are the bad guys. That is not a net positive.
All of that is troubling. But it is not, for me, the most alarming aspect of the outrage Kevin describes. That distinction goes to this problem: Why didn’t the system work?
The criminal-justice system is adversarial. It operates on the premise that weaknesses in the prosecution’s case will be discovered and exploited by competent counsel. The defense lawyer’s only loyalty is to the accused, and the sole duty we impose on the lawyer is not the usually impossible task of proving innocence; it is merely to put the government to its burden of proof — i.e., to test the evidence, ensure that it is what the prosecutor claims it is, probe it for any infirmities, exploit any doubt it raises. The government is not permitted to hide (much less tamper with) exculpatory evidence. As long as the government provides access to all relevant evidence, it is expected that competent defense counsel will find any irregularities.
So how come irregularities went unnoticed — not once or twice, but 21,587 times?
I can think of two reasons.
The first, a more positive spin, is that as a strategic matter, defense lawyers usually opt not to challenge forensic evidence, particularly in drug cases. In most narcotics prosecutions that go to trial, such evidence is presented by a brief stipulation, informing the jury of the parties’ agreement that, if called as a witness, a qualified chemist would testify that the substance is, say, cocaine hydrochloride. This is because exceedingly few drug-distribution allegations can be defeated by demonstrating that the substance at issue is not an illegal narcotic. It invariably is, and even if it is not — e.g., if the defendant seller was trying to stiff his buyer — it is often still possible to charge conspiracy or attempt to distribute, which carries the same penalty.
There being little upside in challenging the scientific analysis of the alleged drugs, a good defense lawyer will want to focus on whatever the real theory of the defense is: mistaken identity, key witness is lying, lack of intent, etc. The last thing the lawyer wants is for the prosecutor to put a chemist on the witness stand to recite bulletproof testimony that the substance was thoroughly tested, was found to be cocaine, could be diluted into thousands of street-level doses, is highly addictive, is often cut with dangerous additives that can cause major health problems, etc. Generally, such expert testimony cannot be impeached, so it makes the government’s case seem very strong. Tactically: Better a terse stipulation that can be read to the jury in less than a minute and won’t make much of an impression.
The second reason, a much more disturbing one, is that criminal trial lawyers tend not to be adept in evaluating scientific evidence.
Prosecutors can get competent, especially on things like drug and ballistics testing, by handling lots of cases. Even then, though, they tend to rely on the expertise of technicians who have been working for the government for years and are far better versed than the government lawyers. And because the defense tends not to challenge laboratory analyses, there are few cases in which prosecutors need to study and defend them. There is little incentive to get up to speed, even though it is the prosecutor’s job to ensure that the evidence is what it is purported to be.
As for defense lawyers, the understandable desire to underplay forensic drug evidence during trial is not a good excuse for failing to examine it carefully pre-trial. The vast majority of cases are resolved by plea, so trial strategy is beside the point. In the pre-trial phase, the defense has the ability to seek its own testing and then decide, based on the results, whether to go to trial and what lines of defense to pursue. There is no downside to being thorough.
Clearly, defense lawyers have been relying on — i.e., they have assumed — the veracity of the prosecution’s scientific testing. I believe this is because they are less confident in their competence to analyze and challenge it. Should we be more understanding of this lapse because agents of the prosecution apparently doctored reports to make them look authentic? Sure, to a degree. But if it had been a matter of government tampering with something other than scientific evidence — e.g., doctoring checks or bank records in a financial-fraud case — I’m betting a competent defense lawyer would discover the tampering at least 90 percent of the time.
Don’t misunderstand me. I am not blaming defense lawyers for government corruption; the culpable government officials alone are responsible. My point is that the corruption Kevin describes happened, and went undetected for a long time on a massive scale, because the adversarial system on which we rely in the search for truth broke down. The mechanisms for discovering wrongdoing and holding wrongdoers accountable did not work. When the system breaks down, there is no accountability — an invitation to corruption.
It is another iteration of the budding crisis we addressed last weekend: The inability to trust the government. The question last week government was whether we can safely trust the government to wield its awesome intelligence-collection powers only for proper national-security purposes, not corrupt political purposes. Intelligence derelictions can go undetected and unaddressed because the evidence is classified and information-gathering is highly technical. In its way, it is like scientific evidence: a specialized area, not easily dissected by our usual truth-seeking processes. It is difficult to discern wrongdoing, let alone to purge the wrongdoers.
As I contended in last weekend’s column, “No one gets fired anymore, let alone impeached.” That’s a huge problem. It is not possible to have the rule of law unless those charged with executing the laws are held accountable when they are derelict. And it is not possible to have accountability when the processes for discovering derelictions do not work.
Those processes have to be mended. It is beyond time to reinvigorate the principle that law enforcement’s first priority is to do justice. Not only must government officials follow the rules; their adherence must be monitored — not to harass the law-abiding but to root out the corrupt. Examples must be made of those who abuse their powers. It is not sufficient that the system achieves justice most of the time. The rule of law depends on our belief that it aspires to justice all of the time.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
American conservatism contains a broad nationalist streak. It also contains a smaller streak of theoretical hostility to nationalism. These streaks are sometimes present in the same conservative individuals.
This is one conclusion I draw from the debate that Richard Lowry and I began by writing a cover story for this magazine in defense of nationalism. In the weeks following the article’s publication, National Review Online published criticisms by Jonah Goldberg, Ben Shapiro, and Mona Charen, responses to that criticism by John O’Sullivan and Lowry, and another measured defense of nationalism by Yuval Levin.
If these exchanges have as yet changed no participants’ mind, they have at least proven that it is possible even today to have a civil and intelligent debate among people who respect one another. It has also, I think, clarified some of our disagreements.
The least important of these disagreements, which nonetheless colors everything else, concerns the usage of the word “nationalism.” Lurking in the background of our NRO critics’ argument, and explicit in criticisms made by others in different venues, is that what Lowry and I call a benign nationalism is really patriotism while nationalism is inherently aggressive, statist, and even bigoted. When Charen writes that “nationalism is a demagogue’s patriotism” and “resentment draped in the flag,” she is not accusing us of favoring demagoguery or resentment. She is suggesting that the term “nationalism” should be used exclusively to refer to a phenomenon that all three of us deplore.
Yet the term has in practice been used in a wide variety of ways. In our original essay, Lowry and I noted that Orwell’s influential essay against nationalism counted Stalinism — an ideology that explicitly aimed to govern all races and cultures and eventually to abolish the nation-state — within its definition. O’Sullivan reminds us that the term has also denoted the view that an ethnic group living in a geographically contiguous area has a right to govern itself and that governments not based on this principle lack legitimacy. Neither of these “nationalisms” are what we sought to defend.
The variety of meanings that “nationalism” has taken implies that people who agree on all the underlying issues can nonetheless appear to be at odds based on how they use the term. In this debate among colleagues, everyone agrees that the love of one’s country is natural, that this love can take better and worse forms, and that in the United States it has a strong ideological component.
Employing the terms “nationalism” and “patriotism” as Charen, Goldberg, and like-minded others do can be helpful to thought and communication. I take it that when William F. Buckley Jr. said that he was a patriot without a nationalist bone in his body — a remark that Goldberg mentions and that other critics have more or less flung in our faces — he was disavowing national chauvinism. I feel confident that he was not denying that American foreign policy should be primarily based on our pragmatic interests or that immigration should be restrained, since he affirmed both views. Not for the first time, I wish he were here to offer more guidance. It is comforting, though, that so far as I know he never insisted that these terms always be used in this way.
Which is good, because defining nationalism and patriotism in evaluative terms, with the former bad and the latter good, tends to harden three misunderstandings that are especially prevalent today. First, this usage suggests a sharper distinction between positive and negative forms of attachment to one’s country than truly exists. Second, and relatedly, it lends itself to a binary distinction between an attachment to a nation’s worthy ideals (which is identified with patriotism) and one to a race or ethnicity (nationalism) — and allows no room for a love of country that is based on both a nation’s ideals and its culture. Third, it leaves us with no commonplace term for a political philosophy or program that places a heavy emphasis on the nation’s interests, sovereignty, and cohesion, and, worse, it tends to make such a philosophy or program seem sinister in principle.
Someone who believes that America should pool its sovereignty with other nations, or that it should adopt an immigration policy that weights the interests of potential Americans and actual citizens equally, may have a real affection for his country and countrymen. He may even have put himself in harm’s way in our nation’s defense. It seems sensible to label such a person a patriot but not a nationalist, and to do so without suggesting that those of us who take a different view of these political issues — as nearly all American conservatives have, at least to some extent — are necessarily authoritarian or even wrong.
To the extent that our anti-nationalist critics have real rather than semantic differences with Lowry and me, they are rooted in these three tendencies. Shapiro’s case is particularly stark. He asserts that we must choose between an “ideas-based” and a “blood-and-soil-based” nationalism; and since he does not think red and blue America share political ideals anymore, he concludes that they have nothing to hold them together in one nation.
But his own argument suggests the fatal weaknesses of both an ethnic nationalism that does not fit our demographic realities and an ideological patriotism that our political disagreements threaten. It also illustrates the superiority of a cultural nationalism to either. The main reason the California Democrats and Texas Republicans whom Shapiro mentions have not left the country when elections have gone against them is that, whatever their antipathy to each other and whatever threats they sometimes make, they feel that this country is their home.
A last difference between these two camps of colleagues concerns the nationalist views expressed by President Trump, whose inaugural address occasioned our essay. This difference is a fine one. Charen, Goldberg, and Shapiro are critics of Trump’s nationalism; but so are Levin, Lowry, and I. (O’Sullivan’s contribution to the debate did not dwell on Trump.) All of us think that Trump scants the ideals, and the idealism, that are an important part of a distinctively American nationalism. What we call “American exceptionalism,” as Levin points out, is a moderating influence on our nationalism. Trump mentions exceptionalism only to dismiss it.
Trump’s nationalism could also stand to benefit from other elements of conservatism that would exercise a further moderating influence on it. The inaugural address was nearly devoid of the limited-government themes that American conservatives usually stress, and their absence gave his nationalism a collectivist, utopian, and demagogic flavor. He said that protectionism would lead to great prosperity, that nationalist leadership in Washington would bring an end to crime, and that in general solving America’s problems is a simple matter of remembering to put Americans’ interests front and center.
Our critics would presumably agree with us on these defects in Trumpian nationalism. What they have not conceded, even grudgingly, is that there is anything worthwhile in Trump’s nationalism that has eluded other Republicans: that these Republicans have too often failed even to try to connect their policy proposals to Americans’ self-interest, that they have ignored their desire for national unity, and that these failures contributed to Trump’s rise. Conservatives lost touch with their nationalism in part because of an exaggerated philosophical discomfort with it.
Goldberg lamented that our defense of nationalism, coming as it did soon after Trump’s inauguration, would be taken as a “whitewash” of his version of nationalism (which is already white enough). When a new president uses one of the highest-profile events in American politics to articulate views that are both right and wrong in important ways, however, it is exactly the right time to sift through them.
Take Trump’s protectionism, which Goldberg urges conservatives to reject. We should indeed reject it — not because it is always wrong to subordinate the freedom of a corporation to the interests of the country, but because we have many reasons to think that trade barriers will usually undermine the national interest. Raising tariffs on the imports that American companies use to manufacture their products may help certain other American companies, but it will hurt Americans as a whole. The problem with it, that is, isn’t that it’s “economic nationalism.” It’s that it’s not a sensible form of nationalist economics.
New York Times columnist David Brooks, who may or may not agree with the specific arguments in this article, recently said that the way to fight Trumpian nationalism is not with globalism but with American nationalism, by which he means an exceptionalist and idealistic nationalism. I’d say that his point applies more broadly: Americans on all sides of the Trump question, including President Trump himself, should embrace a moderate nationalism in keeping with our national character. Conservatives who do so, like the Molière character who realized he had been speaking prose all his life without knowing it, will find that the language comes naturally.
— Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor of National Review. This article appears in the April 3, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Notes from realignment: A solid Republican district becomes the site of a Democratic resurgence. In the first round of a special election a thirty-something unknown outperforms Hillary Clinton’s 2016 margin. A runoff looms, but the lesson to draw from this result is clear. Lawyers, doctors, managers, educators, accountants, and financial advisers — the professional class of the well off and well schooled is furious at Donald Trump. He embodies everything they loathe. He inherited a fortune (though he turned it into something more), he loves the “poorly educated” (though he graduated from Penn), he denounces the metropolitan economy of global capital and free trade and open borders (though he’s a lifelong New Yorker whose most influential advisers are Goldman Sachs alumni), his manner is coarse and his language vulgar (though his large family seems devoted to him). Doesn’t matter if you are a Republican or a Democrat. Trump is an insult to the meritocratic self-image.
David Brooks first noticed what was happening in the affluent GOP suburbs almost 20 years ago. “I’ve come to Winnetka to investigate the mystery of the Rich Republicans,” he wrote in the Weekly Standard. “The mystery is that, at least on national and ideological issues, they are becoming less and less Republican.” Wealth was no longer a sign of conservatism. On the contrary: the more advanced your degree, the higher your income, the more liberal you became. Ballot preferences followed. By 2016, “with the exceptions of the Phoenix and Fort Worth areas, and a big chunk of Long Island, Clinton won every large-sized economic county in the country,” reports the Washington Post. Donald Trump understood intuitively that there were votes to be mined among the rural or de-urbanizing, the economically stagnant regions in the north and Midwest. He bet that the message of America First would bring victory there while retaining the traditional Republican base in the Sunbelt. Worked for him.
But it might not work for the GOP. Since Trump was inaugurated we have witnessed an outpouring of wrath and enmity and activism, from the women’s march to the town hall protests to the better-than-expected results in special elections in Kansas and Georgia. Has the self-important “resistance” been organized, rehearsed? Yes. But that doesn’t make the emotions it has harnessed any less genuine. The professionals, the secure, the content, the beneficiaries of the globalization want to preserve the status quo. They don’t want immigration to stop, or goods to become more expensive, or the value of a college degree to diminish. They are happy. They like things the way they are. Their vision of the economy — high-tech, diverse, information-driven, and cosmopolitan — is opposed to Trump’s nationalism, to his preference for concrete and steel and ore. In Washington, where the professions rule, life is splendid. Commuting to and from work, I drive alongside Porsches, Teslas, Ferraris, and Beamers. Georgia Democrat Jon Ossoff is not alone when he says he wants to “grow metro Atlanta’s economy into the Silicon Valley of the South.” Many people who otherwise would vote Republican agree with him. What Trump wants is not what they want. He wants Caterpillar. Ossoff wants Uber.
So Democrats feel good, buoyed by the animus toward Trump. Their problem is that this energy is only negatively charged. It wants to fight the president everywhere, all the time, by any means. What’s the positive aspect to the anti-Trump crusade, the depersonalized rallying cry? Ossoff’s slogan is, “Make Trump Furious.” What then? The Democrats benefit from the polarizing effect Trump has on voters. They suffer from the staleness, the remoteness of their policy message. The minimum wage, abortion on demand, paeans to the environment, immigration amnesty, and fixing Obamacare inspire no one but the interest groups that push them. President Obama gave this agenda cover through his charisma, presence, voice. Now he’s gone.
Both parties are shaken by the global economy, the social and cultural ramifications of financial crisis, immigration, deindustrialization, war. Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota drift right while Texas, Georgia, and Colorado move left. The direction of both the Republicans and Democrats is contested: stay the course or radical reversal? I was struck by Paul Ryan’s send off to congressman Jason Chaffetz, who he called “a great defender of liberty and limited government.” This is standard GOP language. But it’s not Trump’s language. In place of liberty, Trump emphasizes solidarity. Instead of limited government, he emphasizes strong government, protective government. Neither side in this argument has reconciled itself to the validity of the other’s claims. Perhaps they never will.
The Democrats are no better off. What a weird spectacle this week’s “Unity Tour” with Tom Perez and Bernie Sanders has been. Since winning the chairmanship of the DNC last February Perez has tried to downplay the cold war in his party. On one side are Perez, the Obamas, the Clintons: professionals, corporate-sponsored, affluent, multicultural. On the other side are Sanders and his acolytes, the revolutionaries. The two wings play nice but their phoniness is obvious. Team Wall Street wants Ralph Northam to succeed Terry McAuliffe as governor of Virginia; the Sandernistas want former corporate shill Tom Perriello. The contempt Sanders feels for the Obama-Clinton Democrats is palpable. The most popular politician in America won’t say he’s a member of the party whose presidential nomination he sought. Asked about Ossoff, beloved of Perez, Sanders said he doesn’t know if the young man is a progressive. Ossoff eschews “labels.” Sanders opposes free trade, he’s for single payer. Perez won’t touch either position.
But the crowds are there for Bernie. They are the left-wing version of the voters who brought us Trump: anti-establishment, anti-globalization, more interested in assembly-line security than in Silicon Valley disruption. They have no interest in Perez, no matter how much he curses. The institutional Democratic party has failed the voters showing up to this unity tour, just as Trump’s people said the institutional Republican party had failed them. Public disgust for the political system has not abated months into Trump’s presidency. There is the possibility that it intensifies if the reaction to Trump swells and expands into the GOP base as well. A passing observer would say the professional class has struck back, has weakened the forces of populism in both the Republican and Democratic parties. That’s a misreading. The GOP was turned upside down by the revolt against the professionals, and the Democrats are next.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There is mercy after abortion. And a woman who had an abortion in her youth extends a hand of hope in her new book, A Journey to Healing Through Divine Mercy, written for Catholic publisher Marian Press by Teresa Bonapartis.
This mercy is particularly relevant this Sunday, one week after Easter, as it marks Divine Mercy Sunday, a day designated by Pope John Paul II in 2000 under the inspiration of a Polish nun, Saint Faustina Kowalska.
Bonapartis works in post-abortion-healing ministry – she developed Entering Canaan with the Sisters of Life and directs Lumina for Good Counsel Homes in New York. She talks about abortion and the mercy of God, as well as how healing happens and why it’s so necessary.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: You begin the book with a quote from Pope Francis: “Now is the time for mercy.” Isn’t it always? Why do he and others — including you, in this book — talk so much about mercy?
Theresa Bonopartis: Yes, to me “now” means right now, in this moment, which then transfers to every moment. His mercy is always there for us, moment to moment. Right now. He is waiting for us with His Mercy.
Mercy is the attribute that heals, forgives, restores, and converts. To be loved and accepted no matter what our sin . . . it is the realization of what He has done for us in dying on the cross and resurrecting.
Lopez: What about truth and justice and conversion?
Bonopartis: Justice is there, but it belongs to Him to decide culpability. As you know, many women are coerced into abortion . . . that does not make it alright — abortion is always wrong and terrible — but it does alter the degree of responsibility. It’s that mercy that brings you to be able to look at the truth and experience conversion. 
Lopez: You also quote, on the same page, Pope John Paul II, addressing women who have had abortions. He pleads with them not to “give in to discouragement and do not lose hope.” Why is this so important?
Bonopartis: Healing from an abortion is a spiritual battle as well as a psychological one. The last thing Satan wants is for people to convert and be saved, and so temptations to despair are often both from the person themselves and from him. They are thrown into fierce battles, which tell them that they can never be forgiven or that they are the most terrible people on earth, evil people, etc.
These “battles” can be so intense and cause major despair. I believe John Paul II was addressing these battles in this quote. He’s reassuring these women and encouraging them not to give in to this temptation to despair that assails them in the search for healing — whether those temptations come from inside themselves or from Satan — but to turn to God and His mercy.
Lopez: And maybe that process needs to be repeated over and over and over again?
Bonopartis: Yes, to keep fixed on the mercy of God no matter how you are “feeling.” To trust, in spite of our feelings, in the mercy of God.
Lopez: Are there more post-abortive women in our midst than we realize?
Bonopartis: With over 58 million abortions in our country we know these women are everywhere. People may not know who they are, but millions of families, I would even dare to say, just about every family has an abortion in it. Many women live in silence and suffering because they truly feel unforgivable, or that people would withdraw their love if they knew, so they live in this fear of being found out all their lives.
I hear this all the time, “My husband does not know”; “My parents do not know”; “my children do not know.” Imagine the terror of living with this all your life. It is sad because, as we said before, the time for mercy is now! That is why it is so important to let them know: Christ came to earth to save souls. He is waiting for them and longs to forgive them.
Lopez: How is Divine Mercy in your soul, and why has it been crucial for you to share your testimony about it?
Bonopartis: For years, I lived in that despair and discouragement that Pope John Paul II spoke of. When I finally found the right help and experienced His mercy, I felt I had to tell those who were out there suffering alone that this mercy was there for them too. They did not have to live in despair: It was okay to go to God, His promises were true, and He longed to bring them to Himself in peace and joy.
After over 20 years of working in ministry, I can tell you I have witnessed countless miracles of His mercy. If you are freed from living in the hell of abortion how can you keep that to yourself and not inform others who you know are suffering like you did? We are called to proclaim the good news of God’s mercy.
Lopez:: Can this book be for people other than post-abortive women?
Bonopartis: I have been told by many priests and other readers who are not post-abortive that it can be applied and used by anyone. Certainly this same mercy is there for any sin someone may be struggling with, so although it was written specifically for those healing from abortion, it would be helpful to anyone struggling in life. And isn’t that all of us at one time or another?
Lopez: You write about how you sought out a counselor at one point and he told you to “just forget about” your abortion and you “could not make him understand that the abortion was very much in the present because [you were] living with the consequences every day.” How important is it to find help from a professional who understands? Where do you find it?
Bonopartis: Critically important! Going to the wrong person who does not legitimize the truth of your experience can really mess women up by telling them abortion is common, that millions of women do it, that the guilt is from religion or the stigma from society, as if abortion itself would not do this. This happens so often to people seeking help. Thank God many ministries have counselors they work with and more and more are getting trained in helping others heal from abortion. I have a group of therapists I refer to and feel confident in because I know they understand. People can certainly contact me, but many ministries have good resources.
Lopez: How can people who have never been involved in an abortion relate to or reach out to or love those who have been?
Bonopartis: I think a lot has to do with the language. Be aware of how you speak. Calling people murderers is not going to make them comfortable in reaching out for help. Also, I think we often have people who have experienced an abortion tell the horror of their stories but not enough about the healing and restoration. Many in pro-life circles are afraid that if we do this, people will think it is okay to abort because you can be healed, but those who have abortions know it is not okay, and they certainly are not healed without much suffering. We cannot speak of the cross without the resurrection. If there is not resurrection there is no faith.
Lopez: In a chapter on loving your neighbor you explain how “people who come forward for healing from abortion . . . cannot even begin to look at their abortion experience until they first being to know and experience the love of God for them.” How to get them there?
Bonopartis: First and foremost by our example, right? That they may see we have what they want. We have all experienced the peace from someone that you know in your heart really has it. It opens them to listen and to begin to trust Him a little at a time. I always tell them, because it is often so hard for them to trust because they have been hurt by those who were supposed to love them, “Trust Him a little at a time . . . you will come to see you can trust Him more and more because He will never let you down.” As they experience this and grow in His love, they do trust more and more. It is a process. It is also very helpful for them to hear from others who have walked this path and reached healing. That is why at our retreats we have conferences where women share their struggles in healing and how they worked through them.
Lopez: How can Mother Teresa help anyone fight despair — and especially a woman who has had an abortion? We all know how opposed she was to it, after all!
Bonopartis: Yes, but she also knew God’s mercy and certainly had a love for sinners. If a saint would not help a sinner fight despair and trust in God’s mercy she would not be a saint because she would not really know God!
Faith is a blessing. Divine Mercy at the heart of Christianity acknowledges we are all sinners in need of His mercy, that we are all capable of any sin but for His grace. I am grateful to know this. It proves even more deeply the depths of His love and mercy for us . . . a love and mercy that suffered, died, and rose again to conquer death and bring us to His life!
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Wall Street Journal’s editors are understandably exercised over apparent prosecutorial shenanigans in a securities-fraud case out of my old office, the U.S. attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY). Maybe “securities non-fraud case” would be the better description.
The editorial involves an investigation of David Ganek and his hedge fund, Level Global, based on an extravagant theory of insider trading — an envelope regularly pushed by the Justice Department. This was during the tenure of Preet Bharara, a former colleague of mine who threw something of a tantrum when he was removed by President Trump as the SDNY’s U.S. attorney — along with dozens of other district U.S. attorneys in what is a now normal transition, especially when a change of administrations also changes the party in power.
The Journal recounts that the press was tipped off before the raid of the firm, Ganek’s status as a suspect was publicized, and the consequent reputational damage destroyed the business — as all involved must have known would happen. Yet not only was Ganek never indicted; the one conviction that was obtained — against one of his underlings, in what sounds like a move “up the chain” effort to squeeze the underling into cooperating against Ganek — was overturned on appeal when the Second Circuit rejected the insider-trading theory.
Moreover, at a recent public appellate argument, a high-ranking SDNY lawyer accused Ganek of participating in a “scheme” to trade on “inside information.” That is the very allegation that the SDNY had shrunk from formally charging against Ganek. The Second Circuit panel is said to have upbraided the prosecutor, pointing out that there was no evidence in the record to support such an allegation. “That’s a statement made in the affidavit [that] is not true,” zinged Judge Reena Raggi.
Meanwhile, it emerged that there were inaccurate statements in the affidavit supporting the search warrant for the firm. Whether these resulted from honest mistakes or mendacity has not been determined. Potentially relevant to that question is the happenstance that the FBI supervisor has been cited for leaking grand-jury information in a separate insider-trading case. (Grand-jury information is secret by law, and its disclosure by a law-enforcement official could result in severe discipline, termination, and even prosecution.)
E-mails uncovered in that separate case yielded evidence of FBI leaking, including to the Journal. Perhaps inspired by what they’re convinced is a smear of Ganek by the SDNY, the editors undertake their own smear of Bharara. They assert that he knew about the leaks and must have done nothing about them because they continued. Of course, all prosecutors know when there are leaks from their cases — they just need to read the papers. Moreover, because investigative information is widely dispersed in the FBI and Justice Department, efforts to identify and discipline leakers are commonly unsuccessful; that doesn’t mean such efforts have not been made. Plainly, the Journal grasps this. Hence, the editors’ hedge, saying that “as far as we know” Bharara took no corrective action.
The pertinent question is not whether Bharara knew about corrupt practices but whether he was complicit in them. The editors darkly imply that this is the case (“there’s a pattern of troubling behavior and a problematic culture inside Mr. Bharara’s old shop”), but they don’t dare make this allegation outright because they haven’t got the goods. Indeed, the premise of the editorial is that this case needs to be investigated, not that misconduct has been proven.
Now, about that investigation. The Journal’s main point is a good one, and it is the same one our Kevin D. Williamson raises in his excellent but troubling recent article. As the Journal puts it, misconduct is encouraged “because there are so few consequences for prosecutorial abuse.” Borrowing from Ninth Circuit judge Alex Kozinski, the editors thunder, “Improper and abusive behavior by prosecutors has reached ‘epidemic proportions.’”
The Obama administration hardly invented this problem, but its politicized Justice Department exacerbated it and then some. Over the years, we have covered a great deal of this ground. For example:
Eric Holder was the first attorney general in history to be held in contempt of Congress, when he stonewalled committee probes of the Fast and Furious investigation. Fast and Furious itself was a scandal, involving the government’s reckless abuse of investigative powers for the purpose of fabricating an anti-gun narrative. Instead, its “gun walking” resulted in the killing of a federal agent, among other violent crimes.
Attorney General Holder made misleading representations about both Fast and Furious and the investigation of Fox News journalist James Rosen.
The IRS’s intimidation and abuse of President Obama’s political opponents, and the cover-up thereof, resulted in no charges and little apparent investigation.
There were politicized prosecutions against Dinesh D’Souza (an Obama critic whose minor campaign-finance infraction was treated as a major felony when more-serious violations are typically disposed of by administrative fine), and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula (the anti-Muslim video producer scapegoated by the Obama administration for the Benghazi massacre).
Recall the misrepresentations by Justice Department lawyers to a federal court in the litigation over Obama’s lawless immigration non-enforcement programs (DACA and DAPA) — lies the judge found to be “intentional, serious and material.”
Then there were the Justice Department’s outrageous misconduct and serial lies in a prosecution of New Orleans police, which a federal judge variously described as “bizarre,” “appalling,” and “grotesque” — conclusions upheld by the Fifth Circuit appeals court.
And, of course, the Clinton e-mails investigation, featuring: Justice Department collusion with Clinton-camp lawyers; inexplicable immunity deals; suspects who received immunity permitted to appear as lawyers for other suspects; no prosecutions despite significant evidence, several immunity grants, and patently misleading statements during FBI interviews; a furtive tarmac tête-à-tête between the attorney general and the main suspect’s husband (the former U.S. president who just happened to have launched the attorney general into public prominence, and who was positioned to influence whether the attorney general got to keep her job in an anticipated Hillary Clinton administration) just days before it was announced — surprise! — that there would be no indictment of Hillary Clinton; and startling public commentary by the FBI regarding an uncharged case that bore heavily on a presidential election.
I could go on, but you get the point. So . . . what is to be done?
As for the overall crisis (and it really is a crisis), I’m not entirely sure. I’ll have more to say over the weekend about Kevin’s column. It is another angle on a grave problem with which I’ve tried to grapple in the context of the ongoing controversy over potential abuse of the government’s intelligence-collection powers: Our legal and political systems’ mechanisms for ferreting out misconduct and holding officials accountable are broken. I’m not sure they can be repaired — they may have to be rethought. Without them, though, the government cannot be trusted, which has dangerous ramifications for national security and the rule of law.
I’m more optimistic about the specific misconduct allegations raised by the Journal, although I think the editors have it wrong — or at least incomplete.
Ganek has sued the government, alleging misconduct and various damaging violations of his rights. The feds, to the Journal’s consternation, are “hiding behind the doctrine of prosecutorial immunity.” This doctrine protects prosecutors from liability for harm caused when they carry out their core (or “advocative”) functions. There are some exemptions, but the protection is sweeping and at least partially answers a question Kevin raises — why isn’t there more accountability? Answer: Because long ago the courts made a “lesser of two evils” judgment. Better to immunize a few bad actors, they reckoned, than to paralyze upright law enforcement with the dread of a suit over judgment calls.
If Judge Kozinski is right that prosecutorial misconduct is now rampant — I think “epidemic” overstates the case, but there’s enough to warrant worry — then it could be argued that the presumption of rectitude underlying the law’s broad grant of immunity to prosecutors needs revisiting.
That is what the Journal asks the Second Circuit to do: Find (or create) a loophole that allows Ganek’s suit to proceed. That is a dubious solution. Put aside the sound reasons for prosecutorial immunity (which remain sound even when raised by unsympathetic prosecutors). Litigation is a very unsatisfying avenue for seeking accountability. The point of a court case is to provide redress for an aggrieved person, not to answer every important policy question raised. The issues in litigation frequently diverge from the issues of societal or historical consequence, so the latter are not adequately addressed (if they are addressed at all). Plus, as the Journal’s own editorial shows (commenting on a different case, involving alleged FBI misconduct), the parties often settle with a confidentiality agreement that keeps the underlying facts hidden.
This, I would submit, is a case for congressional oversight of the Justice Department by way of public hearings. The oversight system broke down during the Obama years because the Justice Department contemptuously thumbed its nose at the Republican-controlled Congress. But now the Justice Department is under new management. I am not suggesting that the Trump DOJ should play politics like the Obama DOJ did. All it needs to do is cooperate with lawmakers, rather than stonewall them.
Prosecutorial immunity is insurance against liability in judicial proceedings, not accountability in congressional proceedings. It would not prevent a comprehensive public examination of Ganek’s allegations (and any similar such claims) on Capitol Hill. And while it would not make Ganek whole (I suspect that will never happen), it could inform Congress and the public for purposes of enacting better laws to prosecute — and thereby discourage — depressingly familiar forms of misconduct, such as leaking non-public investigative information. If there was wrongdoing, it could provide the basis for censure and congressional adjustments in the budgets of the culpable departments and agencies.
The courts can try to keep the justice system honest, but if things are broken they can be fixed only by the political branches. Time to start.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
James Gray’s unendurable The Lost City of Z tells of a white man’s folly. British military officer Percy Fawcett (Charlie Hunnam), wanting to improve his social status and family name, explored South America in 1925, searching for the fabled lost city of El Dorado in the jungles of Brazil. After several dangerous, unfruitful expeditions, Fawcett was never seen again. His disappearance remains one of the mysteries of Western history, but it also has a genuine connection to classic adventure fiction by H. Rider Haggard and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, whose The Lost World reportedly was based on Fawcett’s field reports from the Amazon.
But Gray’s odd, uninspiring account of this true-life story is no mystery. Its lack of wonderment — also absent political confession such as Rudyard Kipling’s concept of the white man’s burden — typifies our obtuse contemporary movie culture. This includes reviewers who are so unfamiliar with both world and film history that they praise Gray as a new visionary. This glum adventure movie, tracing the follies of the British Empire, panders to those who readily curse colonialism.
So what makes that cliché unendurable this time? Any sentient moviegoer this past decade has noticed the steady decline of movie craft into TV triteness and incomprehensible narratives. Gray, like the obsessive Fawcett, attempts to create a genre of inspiration and marvel without a basic understanding of how to achieve either. The gloomy images of Fawcett accepting his mission from the Royal Geographic Society are as un-enthralling as the blurry, shadowy, disorienting jungle scenes. Gray’s poor visualization of wilderness exteriors and unfamiliar, hostile natives, some with unexplained language skills, reflects the same cynicism as the opening scenes of socialite snobs competing in English customs.
The storytelling in The Lost City of Z is so inept in terms of shot-by-shot craft that it seems unfelt. (Fawcett, on the prow of a boat, never looks toward what we see.) But this is where Gray’s usual flimsy-moody style reveals its cultural and political bias. Gray cannot critique European imperialism — the topic David Lean grappled with in Lawrence of Arabia and that fascinated Werner Herzog in both Aguirre, the Wrath of God and Fitzcarraldo – because hopelessness is part of his own post-imperial moment.
In telling Fawcett’s story merely as one of individual folly, Gray proves that he, like other contemporary filmmakers, is alienated from history as much as from global politics. (Michael Curtiz’s ghost-ship adventure, The Sea Wolf [1941], managed the neat trick of conflating modern doubt with historical skepticism, but this was before historical revisionism became a thing.) The Lost City of Z reeks of indie-film pomposity through Gray’s poor imitation of past adventure-movie conventions.
Do this film’s reverential critics have no recall of John Boorman’s breathtaking rain forest in The Emerald Forest or his remarkable race down the rapids in Deliverance? Movies used to offer the thrill of revealing newly seen worlds — even Eli Roth’s modern-day The Green Inferno found vivid political satire in scenes of underdeveloped South America. Gray is twice as “serious” but boring. He doesn’t bring together history and anthropology as did Amma Asante in A United Kingdom, a post-colonial history in which personal and national narratives were contrasted, alongside appreciation of familiar and unfamiliar (European and African) places. Even better, in 2013, Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg made a visually splendid dramatization of Thor Heyerdahl’s documentary Kon-Tiki.
The Lost City of Z harms Gray’s reputation as The-Man-Who-Would-Be-Coppola. While shamelessly imitating Coppola’s Apocalypse Now (which already copied Herzog’s Aguirre), Gray exposes his similar movie-brat narcissism, making an adventure movie intended to nullify other adventure movies. But Coppola’s critique of the Vietnam War in Apocalypse Now paid tribute to drug-generation solipsism; film-geekiness today is compounded by PC-era apathy. Scenes crosscutting Fawcett’s debacle with the activities of his wife (Sienna Miller) on the home front indulge privileged-class miseries. (It might as well be the Hamptons.)
Unlike Coppola, Gray is a dull megalomaniac. Compare this film with Criterion’s new Blu-ray version of Coppola’s Rumble Fish – full of cinematic showing-off even though its social and filial themes never connect emotionally as they did in Coppola’s companion-piece The Outsiders. Kino’s new Blu-ray release of Leos Carax’s The Lovers on the Bridge, one of the great visionary feats of the late 20th century, contains an extended scene of Bastille Day fireworks on the Seine that is still astonishing (reality enhanced by imagination) in ways Gray cannot approach. As Fawcett’s doomed excursion into the Third World becomes increasingly un-cinematic, it depresses but doesn’t inspire — the ultimate effect of Western guilt. I registered complaint with the quickness of my feet.
*****
Matt Tyrnauer’s Citizen Jane: Battle for the City shares some of James Gray’s folly. Instead of a documentary about Jane Jacobs, writer of the 1961 book The Death and Life of American Cities, Tyrnauer fashions a screed against contemporary urban society in the West. Presenting the modernized New York as a lost ideal city is not unlike what Gray does in giving us his privileged view of colonialism. First sentimentalizing Jacobs as a feminist warrior (alongside Betty Friedan and Rachel Carson, with special mention of Margaret Mead and Susan Sontag), Tyrnauer eventually honors her for “sharing tools of propaganda, local organizing, and civil disobedience . . . a movement that now seems simple common sense.”
Citizen Jane contrasts Jacobs’s “hypersensitive antennae” to the rapaciousness of NYC commissioner Robert Moses. Without exploring the background of either Jacobs or Moses, Tyrnauer just simplifies them as hero and villain. The cant repeated most often is “diversity” vs. “cancer” (the 2016 presidential election is this film’s obvious subtext). What’s missing is a greater sense of human nature as manifested in different forms of civilization and recorded artistically by Dickens, Fritz Lang’s Metropolis, Terence Davies’s Of Time and the City, and even Isaac Julien’s extraordinary museum installation on globalism and architecture, Playtime (2013). Tyrnauer’s talking-heads method (he’s from the Vanity Fair school of agenda-driven celebrity profiles) paves over the art of the documentary.
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
It is said that old habits die hard. In the realm of foreign policy, old assumptions do as well.
But Bashar al-Assad’s recent horrific chemical-weapon attack in Khan Sheikhoun appears to have prompted a change in U.S. policy. At a news conference in Moscow, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson declared, “The final outcome in our view does not provide for a role for Assad or for the Assad family in the future governance with Syria.”
Tillerson’s comments were noteworthy because, despite six years of Bashar’s televised barbarism, there remains a strong American impulse to keep the Syrian dictator in power. The reason most commonly cited is the U.S. failure to produce stability in Iraq after toppling Saddam Hussein in 2003. The rationale is further bolstered by assumptions left over from the 1990s, relics of a bygone era that hold little practical value today.
America’s initial failure to secure the peace in Iraq need not become a stovetop to avoid because of a burn suffered during adolescence. Important lessons can be learned and applied in the future, and the urge to overcorrect mistakes from past presidencies can be minimized. In the case of Syria, a more informed strategy can be successful only if mistaken beliefs surrounding the House of Assad are finally laid to rest.
The truth is that Bashar Assad is not his father, and he’s not a reformer. Nor is he a strongman leader who can be relied upon either today or in the future. Understanding why is crucial as the Trump administration clarifies its position on Syria.
“You can’t make war in the Middle East without Egypt, and you can’t make peace without Syria” was the adage coined by Secretary of State Henry Kissinger long ago. That observation came as a result of his famous Middle East “shuttle diplomacy” in the aftermath of the 1973 October war and was in reference to Bashar’s father, Hafez al-Assad, who ruled Syria from 1970 until his death in 2000.
Aside from bringing much-needed stability to his country, the elder Assad sought to dominate his neighbors, as did most of the young, independent Arab states. The high card Hafez held was that of the region’s spoiler, but he managed to play his hand well. As such, he defined for Syria a role that impressed upon the region that all roads to progress led to Damascus.
During and after the first Gulf crisis in 1990–91, America’s Arab allies frequently called on President George H. W. Bush to meet with Assad. Secretary of State James Baker III came to conclude in his memoir, The Politics of Diplomacy, that “Syria was the key to significant progress. Assad’s engagement would signal, in the most dramatic fashion, that our efforts were legitimate in Arab eyes.”
With Hafez al-Assad at the helm, Syria may have been Iran’s junior partner, but it pursued its own distinct interests. For example, his foreign policy was independent enough to engage in a peace process with Israel under American auspices despite Iran’s adamant opposition. After 1973, the risk-averse Hafez also managed to steer clear of direct military conflict with Israel from the Syrian side of the Golan Heights, instead using Hezbollah in Lebanon to apply kinetic pressure.
During the 1990s, one could debate whether Iran or Syria exercised more control over Hezbollah’s actions, but one thing was clear: When the fighting needed to stop, Damascus was the destination, not South Lebanon, Beirut, or Tehran. To that end, Secretary of State Warren Christopher negotiated two cease-fires between Hezbollah and Israel with Assad in 1993 and 1996, providing rules of engagement to prevent skirmishes from becoming full-blown wars. Hafez al-Assad was the guarantor.
The proverbial apple, however, fell far from the tree. Since Bashar inherited the reins of the Syrian state in 2000, he’s bounced from one colossal blunder to another. Nowhere was that more evident than in the realm of foreign policy, where in a few short years he undid most of his father’s achievements, isolating and weakening the state.
To start, he chose the wrong side in conflicts. Bashar tried to capitalize on the Palestinian al-Aqsa intifada in 2000 while entrenching himself as the leader of the Arab rejectionist camp. He did so despite lacking any ability to affect the actual war of attrition, leaving the impression that he was all bark and no bite. Whereas his father served as the power broker between Hezbollah and Israel, Bashar missed his opportunity when it arose that year, proving unwilling or incapable when the conflict renewed.
He demonstrated his naïveté in power politics by altering his relationship with Hezbollah from one of strength to one of weakness. For instance, the elder Assad never met with the terrorist group’s leader, Hassan Nasrallah, viewing him as just one of several levers of power at his disposal. While Hezbollah was used to further Syria’s interests, he was not worth Hafez’s hospitality. Bashar, for his part, formed a close and personal relationship with Nasrallah and was reported to be in awe of him.
Bashar also transformed Syria’s relationship with Iran from that of junior partner to client state. A result was that Hezbollah received all the regional accolades for surviving its 2006 war with Israel while Syria’s relations soured with the Arab world.
The younger Assad also misread how the world changed on September 11, 2001 — the day he celebrated his 36th birthday. He chose to stand at the vanguard of the Arab camp opposed to the U.S.-led effort to topple Saddam Hussein in Iraq in 2003 and later became the primary gateway for foreign jihadists entering Iraq to kill American soldiers, many of whom joined the ranks of al-Qaeda affiliates and later, ISIS.
Those decisions stood in stark contrast to those of his father, who a decade earlier joined the coalition against Saddam Hussein in exchange for U.S. acknowledgment of Syrian interests. Hafez understood that the world had changed with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. He saw the elder Bush’s “new world order” beginning to take shape, and as Syria specialist Raymond Hinnebusch explained, he preferred to influence it rather than become its victim.
Bashar missed that boat entirely. While President George W. Bush described an “axis of evil” that included Iran, Iraq, and North Korea, Bashar actively worked to promote his relations with that axis rather than rethink his position. He began pursuing a domestic nuclear-weapons program with North Korea’s assistance in 2001. Its existence was made public only when Israel destroyed the facility in a 2007 airstrike.
The greatest foreign-policy fiasco of Bashar Assad’s making was the 2005 crisis in Lebanon. Syria came to dominate its smaller neighbor after the Lebanese civil war began in 1975. Having seized the moment in 1991, Hafez al-Assad joined with the coalition to oust Hussein from Kuwait, and the U.S. recognized Lebanon as a part of Syria’s interests. His hold over his weaker neighbor was one of Hafez’s most important accomplishments, and something Bashar was certainly aware of when he took over the Lebanon portfolio in 1998.
He managed to undo three decades in the blink of an eye when the international community joined together to kick Syria out of Lebanon in early 2005. Instead of a straw that broke the camel’s back, Bashar’s last offense was more like a cinderblock. His security services teamed up with Hezbollah to assassinate Lebanon’s former prime minister, Rafik Hariri — not with a gunman’s bullet or poison from Vladimir Putin’s private reserve, but by way of a 2,200-pound truck bomb that killed its target and 21 others and wounded 220 in the Corniche Beirut seaside promenade in broad daylight. It left a 30-foot wide crater, knocked down buildings, lit cars on fire, and blew out all the windows of the InterContinental Phoenicia Hotel, which had until then served as a sign of Lebanon’s revival after decades of civil war.
Not only did the assassination prove to be a political and economic disaster for Syria, it even managed to unite America and France over Syria at a time when relations were so frayed that Congress was still eating “freedom fries” rather than “French fries.”
Most striking is that from a position of isolation and weakness in 2007, Assad’s and his country’s temporary rehabilitation were born not out of any action he took or decision he made to change course, but by Western politicians and media who wore rose-colored lenses that blocked out reality.
Politicians at the highest levels of the U.S. government believed in a mirage they had created for themselves. For example, Representative Nancy Pelosi stood on Syrian soil in April 2007 and declared, “The road to Damascus is a road to peace.” One can almost picture Hafez al-Assad flashing her a thumbs-up from beyond the grave.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton bought the mirage as well, telling CBS News three weeks into the 2011 protests, “There is a different leader in Syria now. Many of the members of Congress of both parties who have gone to Syria in recent months have said they believe he’s a reformer.”
No one inside the Beltway, however, was duped more than Senator John Kerry, who during President Obama’s first term was the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Obama’s informal envoy to Syria, and later secretary of state. In 2008, a few months after Syria’s nuclear program became apparent, he penned an article for the Wall Street Journal with then-senator Chuck Hagel, who later became secretary of defense, called “It’s Time to Talk to Syria.”
Kerry stood at the vanguard of mainstream politicians seeking to rehabilitate Assad, whom Kerry considered to be “my dear friend.” In April 2010 he said, “Syria is an essential player in bringing peace and stability to the region.” Even when the protests began, he delivered a speech in Washington heaping praise on Assad for the generosity he personally extended during his many visits to Damascus. And he wasn’t alone. From 2007 through 2009 a cadre of senior American statesmen donned the rose-colored lenses while seeking to engage the Syrian leader.
Bashar Assad may be brutal, but he is not cunning, disciplined, or trustworthy like his father, who is remembered by many as resembling Mario Puzo’s Godfather character. Hafez wanted his son Basil to succeed him, but Basil was killed in a car accident in January 1994. In other words, Hafez wanted Michael Corleone but was stuck with Fredo.
Bashar isn’t a closet reformer either; he never planted the social and economic seeds to make Syria bloom, despite his early opportunity during the “Damascus Spring.” Nor does the case of Bashar resemble that of Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak. The Egyptian leader was imperfect and far from a reformer, but he was an American ally and the guarantor of a peace with Israel that prevented war among states, as Kissinger once observed. Bashar is the Middle East arsonist seeking rewards for putting out the fires he starts.
Furthermore, his judgment is so poor that his recent decision to use chemical weapons may ultimately spell the end of his regime — a classic case of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. He remains a dangerous tool of Russia and Iran, serving as a magnet to jihadists from across the world. As a serial bungler, even left to his own devices under the best of circumstances, he has constantly chosen to act against American interests.
Lacking enough military strength to hold the country together, he is now conscripting old men and underage women to serve in his military. Despite Russia’s and Iran’s considerable military assistance, he apparently still needs to resort to internationally banned chemical weapons to take back Syria. Whatever land is left beneath his feet will become a forward operating base for Russia and Iran — a threat posed from NATO’s south and Israel’s north.
For too long, engagement enthusiasts have chased the Assad mirage based on beliefs that are unmoored from reality. Much like the antiquated policies that spring from those assumptions, the Assad dynasty has lived long past its shelf life. History’s trash bin eagerly awaits.
— Matthew RJ Brodsky is a senior Middle East analyst at Wikistrat and the former director of policy at the Jewish Policy Center in Washington, D.C.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Supporters of the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities argue that the troglodyte Trump wants to return America to the Stone Age, before Washington, D.C. rescued an uncouth nation from the horrors of square dancing, axe-throwing contests, and windswept silence.
“Without the arts in America, all we have is . . . Trump,” film director Judd Apatow lamented in response to President Donald J. Trump’s plan to delete the NEA’s and NEH’s budgets of $148 million each.
“After all the wars are fought what remains are people, art, nature and culture,” actress Jamie Lee Curtis declared via Twitter. “Trump can try but he cannot cut us out of the picture.”
According to former soap-opera actor and People magazine’s 2014 Sexiest Teacher Alive, Nicholas A. Ferroni, “as far as Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos are concerned, artists, musicians, dancers and performers have no value to society.”
“You don’t make a country great by crushing its soul and devastating its heart,” New York City councilman Jimmy Van Bramer said at a pro-NEA/NEH rally at City Hall. “That is what the arts are to us. That is what culture means to us. That is what the humanities mean to us.” He added: “We will restore sanity to this country.”
Amazingly enough, America was not an aesthetic backwater before President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed the NEA and NEH into law in September 1965. Indeed, the generation that preceded these agencies witnessed a florescence of innovation, quality, and beauty in elite and popular culture. From Broadway to the big screen to bookstores to black-and-white TV and beyond, consider just a fraction of what Americans appreciated in the “dark days” before the NEA and NEH.
• Between the mid 1930s and 1965 — notwithstanding the Great Depression, World War II, and the Cold War — the American stage showcased George and Ira Gershwin’s Porgy and Bess, Rodgers & Hammerstein’s Oklahoma!, Cole Porter’s Kiss Me Kate, Arthur Miller’s Death of a Salesman, and Leonard Bernstein’s West Side Story.
• Filmgoers in those years savored Duck Soup, Snow White, Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Fantasia, Citizen Kane, Warner Bros.’ glorious Looney Tunes cartoons, Double Indemnity, Singin’ in the Rain, On the Waterfront, Bridge on the River Kwai, Some Like It Hot, North by Northwest, Lawrence of Arabia, The Manchurian Candidate, Dr. Strangelove, and The Sound of Music. Duck Soup, Citizen Kane, and On the Waterfront are in the Museum of Modern Art’s permanent collection.
• Readers turned the pages of F. Scott Fitzgerald, Ernest Hemingway, John Steinbeck, J. D. Salinger’s Catcher in the Rye, Jack Kerouac’s On the Road, Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird, and Joseph Heller’s Catch-22.
• Museum-goers marveled at Edward Hopper’s Nighthawks, Jasper Johns’s Flag, the early works of Andy Warhol, and the photographs of Margaret Bourke-White and Alfred Eisenstaedt.
• Music lovers feasted on Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Ella Fitzgerald, Frank Sinatra, Dizzy Gillespie, Charlie Parker, Thelonious Monk, Nat King Cole, Dinah Washington, Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry, James Brown, and the riches of Motown.
• The small screen delivered The Jack Benny Program, The Honeymooners, I Love Lucy, Your Show of Shows (which launched the careers of Woody Allen, Mel Brooks, and Neil Simon), Playhouse 90, The Twilight Zone, and Ed Sullivan’s famous words: “Ladies and gentlemen, The Beatles!”
And much, much more.
In the NEA/NEH era — especially lately — just try to compose an equally impressive list of achievements in art, entertainment, and humane letters.
The Left should stop whining about the NEA and NEH and, instead, do something productive: They should fight for President Trump’s tax-cut plan. If Congress snaps out of its permanent vacation and puts Trump’s tax proposal on his desk for signature, Hollywood and Broadway artists and executives would see their top rate sliced from 39.5 percent to 35 percent. Major media companies such as Time Warner and NBCUniversal would see their corporate taxes MOABed from 35 percent to 20 or, even better, 15 percent. When wealthy show people pass away, their death taxes would have plunged from as much as 40 percent to 0 percent. Trump’s tax system would liberate billions or even trillions of dollars that could be donated to and invested in a new generation of American artistic masterpieces, honorable mentions, and beloved near-misses.
Academy Award-winning motion-picture producer Harvey Weinstein leads the way. When the Hollywood Reporter asked Weinstein whether he would give Trump a chance, the man behind Pulp Fiction, The King’s Speech, Django Unchained, and 330 other titles replied, “The less said, the better. Among the things I’m doing: a private foundation.”
Named after Weinstein’s recently departed mother, the Miriam Foundation will support, Weinstein said, “more women directors” and other goals. A source close to Weinstein told the New York Post: “He feels that it is time for people like himself to privately support causes that the government will not.”
Cutting Harvey Weinstein’s taxes would produce boatloads of art.
Ultimately, one wonders why celebrities and artists scream for the NEA’s and NEH’s salvation. Who do they think will run them for the next four to eight years? Barbra Streisand? Snoop Dogg?
If the NEA and NEH survive, their chiefs will be appointed by none other than Donald J. Trump. These new managers will not share these leftists’ worldview, and just might be people whom they actually hate.
What will these precious artists and sensitive stars say if their beloved agencies suddenly start funding projects that abrade their liberal beliefs?
What if the new NEA director is social-conservative hero, former Republican governor of Arkansas, and rock-‘n’-roll electric-bass player Mike Huckabee?
Imagine the shrieks echoing across Laurel Canyon if the NEH were led by Pennsylvania’s former Republican senator, Rick Santorum. That might send these performers and activists skittering across Sunset Boulevard screeching, “Resist the NEA! Reject the NEH!”
President Trump knows how to make the Left writhe in pain. The liberal glitterati should beware that they don’t get their beloved federal arts funding — good and hard.
– Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s saber rattling may or may not deter Kim Jong-un, but it’s had an effect south of the border.
In the first few months of this year, illegal border crossings have dropped precipitously. It is an early proof of concept that yes, it is possible to secure the border, and a victory, even if a provisional and incomplete one, for President Trump’s enforcement agenda.
Once you stripped away the impossibilities from Trump’s rhetoric on immigration during the campaign — there wasn’t going to be a wall along the entire border paid for by Mexico, nor were there going to be mass deportations and a Muslim ban — the core of his message was a commitment to crack down on illegal border crossings.
This is happening. It has been reported in the press, but it almost never makes it into the conversation about his first 100 days.
If Trump had promised to almost immediately reduce illegal border crossings from Mexico to a 17-year low, it would have been dismissed as bombast. But here we are. On the border, there is cause to be, if not tired of, at least encouraged by all the winning.
According to the Department of Homeland Security, there were 17,000 arrests at the border in March, the lowest figure since 2000, and down significantly from the nearly 60,000 arrests in December. The evidence on the ground backs up the statistics. A week or so ago, the Los Angeles Times reported that it found a “once-bustling crossing point” along the Rio Grande “desolate.”
The message has been received that President Trump is, to coin a phrase, a bad hombre. His tough rhetoric alone would be enough to make would-be migrants think twice about coming across the border. But the administration also has tightened up on enforcement; both immigration arrests and so-called detainers — requests to local law enforcement to turn over to the feds illegal immigrants in jail — have increased.
The fees charged by so-called coyotes to bring people across the border have risen, reflecting the higher risk. A jump from, say, $3,500 to $8,000 represents an enormous new expense for a mother in Honduras, especially if her chances of staying in the United States are diminishing.
The early trend at the border is a rebuke to the fatalists who have argued that it’s impossible to reduce illegal immigration because it is the product of ineluctable economic forces. It is certainly true that jobs in the U.S. are a magnet. But the cost-benefit calculation people make when considering whether to come here illegally or not is obviously subject to change based on changing incentives.
Mexico and its southern neighbors haven’t suddenly become better countries over the past several months. Nor has the U.S. jobs market become less alluring — indeed, it might be getting stronger. Enhanced enforcement, real and perceived, is clearly affecting the decision-making of would-be migrants.
Some caveats. First, the Trump administration will have to continue to strengthen enforcement. Otherwise, illegal immigration will bounce back to its normal trend. The experience after the 1986 amnesty confirms this. The law was supposed to include tougher enforcement, and this expectation initially suppressed immigrant flows. When it became clear that it was all talk, illegal immigration continued as before.
Second, visa overstays are a large and perhaps growing contributor to illegal immigration. This deserves as much attention as the border.
Finally, the administration will have to resist the urge to declare victory and go home. The moderates in the White House may be tempted to soften Trump’s image via a grand bargain on immigration, arguing that it’s “mission accomplished” on enforcement and time to pivot to a large-scale amnesty.
Despite the hostile press coverage, what Trump has done so far on immigration is hardly radical and basically represents a return to the pre–Barack Obama status quo, when the federal government didn’t openly flout its own laws. For now, it has gotten results.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
What to make of the results of the first two of this spring’s special House elections? Start off by putting them in perspective. They pose a challenge to both political parties, but especially to Republicans, who have been used to an unusually stable partisan alignment, an alignment that has become scrambled by Donald Trump.
Those of us who can remember the 1964–84 years have seen much greater partisan churning. Almost half of the congressional districts that voted for Richard Nixon in 1972 elected Democratic congressmen. Some 191 districts split tickets. In 2012, that number was down to 26, the lowest since 1920.
The number rose in 2016, to 35, with another dozen or so on the cusp. That reflects Trump’s distinctive appeal. Exit polling reported he increased the Republican margin among non-college-educated whites, from 25 points to 39, though he reduced it among white college graduates, from 16 points to 4.
Which leads us to the special elections. The first, on April 11, was in Kansas’s fourth congressional district, to fill the seat left by Mike Pompeo, whom Trump tapped to be director of the CIA. The district is composed heavily of non-college-educated whites — with two-thirds of its voters in Sedgwick County, where Wichita is, and the remainder in rural counties. Republican Ron Estes won by a 53–46 percent margin — well below Trump’s 59–32 percent margin in the district in the 2016 presidential election.
Democrat James Thompson carried Sedgwick County, apparently because of switches by college-educated voters. But Estes carried a solid 62 percent in the rural counties, well ahead of the 2014 percentages there for two other Republicans, Governor Sam Brownback and Senator Pat Roberts.
Given the dynamics of special elections (you can cast a protest vote — and for a locally attuned candidate — without turning the whole government over to the opposition), this looks something like a traditional, pre-Trump margin in what has been a safe Republican seat for 20 years.
The turnout was heavier and the race more contested Tuesday in Georgia’s sixth congressional district to fill the seat of Tom Price, who is now the secretary of health and human services. The district, in the northern Atlanta suburbs, has one of the highest percentages of college graduates in the nation. Mitt Romney carried it by 23 points in 2012. Trump won it by 1.5 percent last year. Despite its Republican leanings, it has heavily Democratic black, Hispanic, and Jewish blocs.
National Democrats rallied to 30-year-old filmmaker and former House staffer Jon Ossoff, who raised a phenomenal $8.3 million. When the first returns came in, Ossoff had 71 percent of the vote, while Republicans were split among 11 candidates. But as all the returns poured in, that was reduced to 48 percent. Ossoff faces a June 20 runoff against Republican Karen Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state and Fulton County commissioner.
In the end, 51 percent of voters chose Republicans, and 49 percent voted for Democrats. Ossoff got 1.3 points more than Hillary Clinton did in last year’s presidential election. The 11 Republicans got 1.4 points more than Trump. Obviously, either candidate could win in June.
There’s a clear contrast with Kansas 4, whose results suggest that traditional Republican margins in other less-educated, non-metropolitan areas are greatly threatened. Georgia 6 suggests that in places heavy with college graduates, the 2016 Trump numbers are the new norm — at least in races without incumbents who have established themselves as being in sync with the district.
A glance at the list of the 23 Republican districts carried by Clinton shows that a half-dozen are heavily Hispanic with well-known incumbents. But most are heavily affluent and college-educated. Five such districts in Southern California and one in northern Virginia have increasing immigrant populations; three in Texas, like Georgia 6, have affluent traditionally Republican voters repelled enough by Trump to vote for Clinton.
There would be many more such heavily college-educated districts vulnerable to Democratic takeover but for the fact that Democrats have long since taken them over, starting in the 1990s.
The good news for pro-Trump Republicans is that most of his November 2016 voters have stuck with him. His current 42 percent job-approval rating is only 4 points below the percentage of the national vote he won five months ago.
The bad news for pro-Trump Republicans is that there is zero evidence that he is making inroads among the slightly larger percentage of those who voted against him. Georgia 6 suggests that the highly educated among them are heavily motivated to get out and vote Democratic. Republican incumbents who considered their districts safe may not have worked them hard enough to survive a spirited challenge.
Trump threaded the needle by winning over enough non-college-educated voters to win 100 electoral votes that Barack Obama had won in 2012. Republicans may need to thread a different needle to hold the House.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The crisis with North Korea may appear trumped up. It’s not.
Given that Pyongyang has had nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles for more than a decade, why the panic now? Because North Korea is headed for a nuclear breakout. The regime has openly declared that it is racing to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile that can reach the United States — and thus destroy an American city at a Kim Jong-un push of a button.
The North Koreans are not bluffing. They’ve made significant progress with solid-fuel rockets, which are more quickly deployable and thus more easily hidden and less subject to detection and preemption.
At the same time, Pyongyang has been steadily adding to its supply of nuclear weapons. Today it has an estimated ten to 16. By 2020, it could very well have a hundred. (For context: The British are thought to have about 200.)
Hence the crisis. We simply cannot concede to Kim Jong-un the capacity to annihilate American cities.
Some will argue for deterrence. If it held off the Russians and the Chinese for all these years, why not the North Koreans? First, because deterrence, even with a rational adversary like the old Soviet Union, is never a sure thing. We came pretty close to nuclear war in October 1962.
And second, because North Korea’s regime is bizarre in the extreme, a hermit kingdom run by a weird, utterly ruthless, and highly erratic god-king. You can’t count on Caligula. The regime is savage and cult-like; its people, robotic. Karen Elliott House once noted that while Saddam Hussein’s Iraq was a prison, North Korea was an ant colony.
Ant colonies do not have good checks and balances.
If not deterrence, then prevention. But how? The best hope is for China to exercise its influence and induce North Korea to give up its programs.
For years, the Chinese made gestures, but never did anything remotely decisive. They have their reasons. It’s not just that they fear a massive influx of refugees if the Kim regime disintegrates. It’s also that Pyongyang is a perpetual thorn in the side of the Americans, whereas regime collapse would bring South Korea (and thus America) right up to the Yalu River.
So why would the Chinese do our bidding now?
For a variety of reasons.
— They don’t mind tension but they don’t want war. And the risk of war is rising. They know that the ICBM threat is totally unacceptable to the Americans. And that the current administration appears particularly committed to enforcing this undeclared red line.
— Chinese interests are being significantly damaged by the erection of regional missile defenses to counteract North Korea’s nukes. South Korea is racing to install a THAAD anti-missile system. Japan may follow. THAAD’s mission is to track and shoot down incoming rockets from North Korea but, like any missile shield, it necessarily reduces the power and penetration of the Chinese nuclear arsenal.
— For China to do nothing risks the return of the American tactical nukes in South Korea, which were withdrawn in 1991.
— If the crisis deepens, the possibility arises of South Korea and, most important, Japan going nuclear themselves. The latter is the ultimate Chinese nightmare.
These are major cards America can play. Our objective should be clear: At a minimum, a testing freeze. At the maximum, regime change.
Because Beijing has such a strong interest in the current regime, we could sweeten the latter offer by abjuring Korean reunification. This would not be Germany, where the Communist state was absorbed into the West. We would accept an independent, but Finlandized, North.
During the Cold War, Finland was, by agreement, independent but always pro-Russian in foreign policy. Here we would guarantee that a new North Korea would be independent but always oriented toward China. For example, the new regime would forswear ever joining any hostile alliance.
There are deals to be made. They may have to be underpinned by demonstrations of American resolve. A preemptive attack on North Korea’s nuclear facilities and missile sites would be too dangerous, as it would almost surely precipitate an invasion of South Korea with untold millions of casualties. We might, however, try to shoot down a North Korean missile in mid-flight to demonstrate both our capacity to defend ourselves and the futility of a North Korean missile force that can be neutralized technologically.
The Korea crisis is real and growing. But we are not helpless. We have choices. We have assets. It’s time to deploy them.
— Charles Krauthammer’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017, The Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There are those who say that the Left is “taking scalps,” and they have a list of Republican victims to prove their thesis. Roger Ailes is out at Fox News. Bill O’Reilly is out at Fox News. Michael Flynn is out at the White House. Those three names — the head of the most powerful cable news network, the highest-rated cable news personality, and the national-security adviser — represent a stunning wave of resignations and terminations.
But this isn’t scalp-taking, it’s scalp-giving. Time and again prominent conservative personalities have failed to uphold basic standards of morality or even decency. Time and again the conservative public has rallied around them, seeking to protect their own against the wrath of a vengeful Left. Time and again the defense has proved unsustainable as the sheer weight of the facts buries the accused.
Moreover, the pattern is repeating itself with the younger generation of conservative celebrities. The sharp rise and meteoric fall of both Tomi Lauren and Milo Yiannopoulos were driven by much the same dynamic that sustained O’Reilly for years, even in the face of previous sexual-harassment complaints — Lahren and Yiannopoulos were “fighters” who “tell it like it is.” O’Reilly was the master of the “no-spin zone” and seemed fearless in taking on his enemies.
What followed was a toxic culture of conservative celebrity, where the public elevated personalities more because of their pugnaciousness than anything else. Indeed, the fastest way to become the next conservative star is to “destroy” the Left, feeding the same kind of instinct that causes leftists to lap up content from John Oliver, Samantha Bee, and Stephen Colbert. Liberals use condescending mockery. Conservatives use righteous indignation. That’s not much of a difference.
The cost has been a loss of integrity and, crucially, a loss of emphasis on ideas and, more important, ideals. There exists in some quarters an assumption that if you’re truly going to “fight,” then you have to be ready to get your hands dirty. You can’t be squeamish about details like truth or civility or decency. When searching for ideological gladiators, we emphasize their knifework, not their character or integrity.
Of course, this notion reached its apex in the person and personality of Donald Trump, but Trump had an advantage that O’Reilly, Ailes, and others simply didn’t enjoy. When he was under fire, especially in the general election, he could argue that the choice wasn’t between truth and lies but between him and Hillary, between lies and lies. Which liar do you want? The one allegedly on your side, right?
Make no mistake, there are conservative “fighters” who are men and women of integrity. Fox News still has a number of journalists and pundits whom I trust and admire. But when we ask for fighters first, and we elevate aggression over truth and competence, we ask for exactly the kind of scandals we’ve endured.
Moreover, the degradation to our culture far outweighs any short-term, tribal political benefit. The message sent when conservatives rally around the flag to defend the indefensible is exactly the message the Democrats sent so loudly as they continued to prop up the Clinton machine through scandal after scandal. Only winning matters. Ambition is everything. Political movements are about personalities, not ideas — so you’re left with the political equivalent of warring mafia families in which the highest value is loyalty, and the ends always justify the means.
But ambition isn’t everything, and the single-minded quest for winning ultimately creates a class of losers. O’Reilly and Ailes together built a cable news empire. Yet their legacies will forever be marred by the tawdriest of scandals: two men (pathetically) proving unable to control their petty lusts and desires. Michael Flynn was a hero. Now he’s an object lesson. And people like Lahren and Yiannopoulos? They didn’t even achieve “real” fame before their corruption emerged. Do a few viral Facebook videos justify diva behavior? Does telling off feminists on YouTube insulate you from the consequences of advancing the worst of ideas?
But, as the saying goes, in crisis there is also opportunity. As Fox News and other conservative organizations consider the path forward, there’s a chance to not just elevate the next best mouthpiece for righteous indignation but to consider a broader range of virtues. There do exist conservatives who fight hard but fight fair, and there also exist conservatives who won’t ask you to overlook or even defend them from credible accusations of serious wrongdoing.
The conservative movement includes some of the best and most admirable people I’ve ever met. It also includes its share of grasping, ambitious fame-hounds, people who live for the next Fox hit and angle to write this year’s version of the “liberals are sending this country to hell” bestselling book. But bad character sends a country to hell just as surely as bad policy does, and any movement that asks its members to defend vice in the name of advancing allegedly greater virtue is ultimately shooting itself in the foot.
O’Reilly’s fall can be an important act of public hygiene, but only if it represents the beginning of the end of a conservative culture that makes us behave like the cultural enemies we purport to despise. Otherwise conservatives will hand the Left more scalps, forfeit more public trust, and ultimately lose because of their single-minded quest to win.
— David French is a senior writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Last week, lawmakers in Oregon proposed a bill that would require all public-school students in the state to pass the civics portion of the U.S. naturalization test before receiving their high-school diploma. Under Senate Bill 1038, Oregon students would have to correctly answer 60 of the 100 civics questions to pass. A student could take the test as many times as necessary to reach that threshold and could begin taking the test even before high school. Just last month, Alabama, Arkansas, and Kentucky each enacted similar laws, joining at least 15 other states with such civics requirements for high-school graduation, according to the Joe Foss Institute’s Civics Education Initiative.
Though perhaps unintentional, the bill’s submission last week coincided with the 274th anniversary of Thomas Jefferson’s birth. A champion of the diffusion of knowledge, Jefferson is often — and incorrectly — credited as once saying, “An enlightened citizenry is indispensable for the proper functioning of a republic.” But, despite its spurious attribution, this popular axiom does reflect the significance Jefferson placed on education, particularly public education, and its role in civil society. Writing to fellow Virginian and lifelong friend James Madison in 1787, Jefferson stated: “Above all things I hope the education of the common people will be attended to, convinced that on their good sense we may rely with the most security for the preservation of a due degree of liberty.”
For Jefferson, education was vital for both individual and societal welfare. He called it “the resource most to be relied on for ameliorating the conditions, promoting the virtue and advancing the happiness of man.” As for the national interest, Jefferson summed it up bluntly in an 1816 letter to Charles Yancey: “If a nation expects to be ignorant and free in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.”
Looking upon the present state of common education today, then, would no doubt make Jefferson question the safety of our liberty. When it comes to knowledge of history and civics — subjects Jefferson valued higher than any others for the preservation of good government — the picture is particularly bleak.
In his 1818 plan for the University of Virginia, Jefferson listed among the benefits of proper education “the incalculable advantage of training up able counselors to administer the affairs of our country in all its departments, legislative, executive and judiciary.” Today, only a quarter of Americans can even name the three branches of government; nearly a third can’t name even a single one. Jefferson wrote in 1821 of his conviction that adequate education is required for “the preservation of our republican government” and “essential to its protection against foreign power.” An October 2016 report produced by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation found that approximately a fourth of Americans and a third of Millennials think more people were killed under President George W. Bush than under Joseph Stalin. As for Jefferson himself, a January 2016 study from the American Council of Trustees and Alumni revealed that roughly 60 percent of recent college graduates surveyed thought that he, rather than James Madison, was “the Father of the Constitution” — even though Jefferson, serving as U.S. minister to France, was not even in the country during the Constitutional Convention, in 1787, much less present in the Pennsylvania State House.
Consider the context of Oregon’s proposed civics requirement. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), which administers the federal naturalization test, reports a 91 percent national pass rate for foreign-born applicants. This, it should be noted, is determined based on an applicant’s first attempt and includes both an English and civics component. Although, understandably, there is far less data measuring native-born citizens’ performance on the test, the results that are available are nothing short of shameful. A 2012 survey by Xavier University found that “one in three native-born citizens failed the civics portion of the naturalization test,” compared with the 97.5 percent pass rate on the civics portion among foreign-born applicants reported by USCIS in 2010. Furthermore, the survey noted that if the minimum score required to pass the exam were 70 percent rather than 60 percent, then half of native-born Americans would have failed.
To be sure, our nation is experiencing a crisis in civic literacy. Legislative efforts aimed at addressing this educational deficiency are both necessary and proper. In correspondence with Madison, Jefferson extolled the virtues of “giving information to the people,” writing:
While requiring American public-school students to demonstrate knowledge of 60 basic facts about their country’s history and government — nearly half of which could be gleaned from a few trips through the Hamilton soundtrack — is undoubtedly a humble baseline, it’s a much-needed step in the right direction. And, as Thomas Jefferson himself believed, an excess of education is not necessarily required to convince the people to cherish their liberty.
— Grant Addison is a research assistant in education policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Poor Tom Perez. The new chair of the Democratic National Committee just can’t catch a break. It’s quite heart-wrenching, really: On his new cross-country “unity tour” with socialist superstar Bernie Sanders, he’s even been pelted with boos.
Perez is so desperate, he’s tossing out bad words: “Those Republican leaders and President Trump don’t give a sh** about the people they’re trying to hurt,” he cried at a rally in Maine. The line earned muted, perhaps even embarrassed, applause. Later, with yeoman-like dedication, Perez went back to the well: Republicans “call it a skinny budget! I call it a sh***y budget!”
Oh dear.
Apparently, “when they go low, we go high” didn’t sell: Visit the Democratic National Committee’s website, and you’ll find the s-word proudly emblazoned on a $30 T-shirt, praising Democrats for supposedly giving a you-know-what about people. Presumably, Democrats wearing said T-shirt in public don’t give a you-know-what about the parents of enthusiastic small children who recently learned to read things like bad words on T-shirts out loud — but tomato, tomahto.
Welcome to today’s Democratic party, where dysfunction reigns — and fittingly, the wacky, melancholy Bernie Sanders, who refuses to even call himself a Democrat, is king.
To be fair, there is something truly majestic about a Bernie speech: The intensity, the deadpan delivery, and the fleeting impression that the senator is actually clinging to the lectern for safety, lest he slowly collapse into some invisible cavern of quicksand gurgling right below his feet. As he barks through a break-the-bank socialist laundry list, his hands occasionally float through the air, with loose jabs accompanying random syllables — the last two of “administration”; the first three of “irresponsible.” His ideology is a political cough drop, long-expired, crusty, and found at the bottom of your great-grandmother’s purse, right next to some equally old butter crackers secretly squirreled away from the local all-you-can eat buffet.
But to millions of Americans, he is a hero. His new podcast, The Bernie Sanders Show, hit the No. 2 spot on the iTunes charts in its first week. A new Harvard-Harris survey reveals that he is the most popular politician in the country, earning favorable marks from 57 percent of registered voters. Among Democrats, his favorability hits 80 percent. (Interestingly, just two-thirds of Republicans view the senator negatively, leading one to wonder whether the other third never heard him opine about how there are too many different brands of deodorant.)
Bernie’s impressive poll numbers, reports The Hill, “could buoy a potential 2020 presidential run.” Drumroll, please: Yes, ladies and gentlemen, things are that bad. A 75-year-old socialist who once literally honeymooned in the USSR is the brave new face of the Democratic party. America, it is apparent, has not suffered enough.
This is all quite weird, is it not? Following the painful and otherworldly election of 2016, after all, it seemed reasonable to assume that Berniemania would fade. Throughout the months in which many Americans desperately searched under their mental couch cushions for Anyone but These Two, the Bernie craze was at least somewhat understandable: He was the anti-Hillary.
Clinton was the candidate hand-picked by the establishment, cold and aloof, dogged by ties to big banks and shadowy interests. If Sanders looked like a guy who occasionally shakes his fist at oblivious clouds, well, at least he seemed to mean what he said.
But now, the electoral dust has settled, the crying is almost over (Oh, who am I kidding? It will probably never be over!), and Bernie is still rallying for socialism, as enthusiastic as ever. “Our job is to radically transform the Democratic party,” he declared at the same Maine rally where Perez unrolled his unfortunate S-bombs. Bernie, however, earned enthusiastic whistles and applause from the crowd.
(This raises an important question: Who on earth would take time out of his day to attend a Bernie Sanders rally? Rest assured, my mystification is nonpartisan: I’m always slightly astounded that well-adjusted people would willingly participate in what are essentially multi-hour advertisements for various politicians. For sheer educational and entertainment value, I can think of at least five dozen better ways to spend one’s time, including a goat rodeo.)
The radical transformation Sanders seeks is surprisingly hard to pin down, but the increasingly popular idea that drives him and his fans is clear: In their minds, government is and should be the primary solution to every single problem in the world.
“What kind of morals do these people have?” he booms, questioning Republican spending cuts as supporters nod in solemn approval. Government spending, of course, does not always relate to “morals,” and “progressive” policies often fail to help the poor in rather disastrous ways. But no matter: They’re rolling, people. Buckle up, and get ready to feel the Bern.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Annie Dookhan is not the first. She will not be the last.
Dookhan, who in 2013 pleaded guilty to 27 criminal counts involving obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence, was a chemist employed by Massachusetts to test evidence in drug cases. She was involved in thousands of them, and she routinely falsified evidence. For example, she declared samples positive for drugs without testing them and forged colleagues’ signatures on reports. On Wednesday, Massachusetts announced that it was obliged to throw out 21,587 drug convictions secured with questionable evidence.
In September 2001, Oklahoma City fired forensic chemist Joyce Gilchrist. Gilchrist had been accused of falsifying evidence, though she never was charged with a crime. She had offered testimony in capital murder cases in which she claimed that DNA samples matched those of the accused — claims that later turned out to be false. Jeffrey Todd Pierce, who served 15 years in prison on a rape charge bolstered by DNA evidence that turned out to be false, sued Gilchrist and the district attorney for $75 million, claiming that they had conspired to falsify evidence. Oklahoma City settled. Curtis McCarthy spent 20 years on death row thanks in part to Gilchrist; his conviction was thrown out after the court found that Gilchrist had mishandled evidence and may have intentionally altered it. The Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals found that she had fabricated evidence in another capital case.
In the 1990s, Dr. Ralph Erdmann, a highly paid pathologist working for Lubbock County, Texas, ran into a spot of trouble: At one point he had misplaced a human head, and in one autopsy report he duly recorded the condition of the spleen of a man who did not have one. He kept blood samples in his home refrigerator, next to the mustard. He was eventually convicted of a raft of felonies involving evidence tampering and perjury. Local lawyers insisted that he was cooperating with the district attorney and providing whatever evidence was needed to produce a conviction. His tainted evidence helped produce convictions in at least 20 capital murder cases.
Dookhan received a sentence of three to five years and was shortly thereafter paroled. Gilchrist was never charged with a crime. Erdmann was sentenced to community service; he later was imprisoned on weapons charges and served two years. We go pretty easy on these kinds of crimes. We shouldn’t.
It is strange — and wrong — that we permit this sort of thing to happen, and that our attitudes about police and prosecutorial misconduct remain so blasé. It is natural that we want to give the benefit of the doubt to the people involved in the difficult work of keeping society safe from criminals, but it is a fact of human existence that police and prosecutorial work is a magnet for corruption. Prosecutors have ambitions, and police officers have bills to pay. Prosecutorial abuse is a problem from Texas to Massachusetts to California, and practically every big-city police department in this country has at one time or another been penetrated by organized-crime syndicates or suffered other forms of systemic corruption.
This is a moral problem, but too often our moral insistence that this sort of thing simply should not happen blinds us to the fact that it does happen, consistently, and that we need to take prophylactic measures against it.
Consider, for a moment, the very popular idea of drug-testing welfare recipients. There is very little evidence that this produces lower rates of drug use on the part of welfare recipients, and no evidence at all that it lowers welfare caseloads — much less that it does so in a way that offsets or more than offsets the cost of the drug testing. It might conceivably have some effect on casual recreational drug users, but as anybody who ever has worked with full-blown addicts knows, they will give up a great deal (jobs, custody of their children, marriages, self-respect) in the service of their addictions. We would be far more likely to reduce welfare dependency by treating addiction than to reduce addiction by restricting welfare dependency. But the desire to punish is a permanent part of the human outlook, and it has its own demands.
Why not test police and prosecutors instead?
Not for drug use. We would be far better off applying a similar idea in the matter of criminal cases by having independent third parties randomly retest DNA samples, drugs, and other physical evidence in felony cases. Erdmann’s autopsy reports were not only falsified — in many cases, he apparently did not perform the autopsy at all. Dookhan’s work similarly would have been exposed by ordinary oversight measures that are routine in other settings. We do not need Sherlock Holmes to root out this sort of wrongdoing. We only need basic responsible action.
Expensive? Surely. But not nearly so expensive as retrying 21,587 felony cases linked to a single chemist or making restitution for wrongful convictions. Difficult and problematic? No doubt, but not nearly so troubling as the possibility of wrongly convicting innocent people — or, as the wiser among us will appreciate, of convicting guilty people on bad evidence. It may very well have been the case that every man and woman Erdmann sent to death row was 100 percent guilty as charged; properly understood, that question is irrelevant to the issue of falsifying evidence and other forms of misconduct on the part of prosecutors and their colleagues. A bogus trial that produces the right result is still a bogus trial.
And it is expensive to have bogus trials.
Not only because of the obvious costs involved in reopening cases or making multimillion-dollar payments to those wrongly convicted, but because a liberal society runs on trust. Trust in institutions is the lubricant that permits the machinery of an open society to run. We ought to be routinely reexamining the work of prosecutors and police officers in a systematic and regular way not because we expect to find widespread abuse and misconduct but because we do not expect to find them.
Trust has to be earned.
In the 1950s, outlaw motorcycle gangs briefly became a subject of national fascination, owing in part to Marlon Brando’s performance in The Wild One. (Hunter S. Thompson’s later exploration of the subject in Hells Angels was his best work.) A representative of the American Motorcycle Association is supposed to have remarked that 99 percent of all motorcyclists were decent, law-abiding citizens. Since that time, outlaw motorcyclists have proudly worn a patch reading: “1%.”
Outlaw prosecutors, outlaw coroners, and outlaw chemists do not wear any such patch. And they probably don’t even amount to 1 percent of the people with whom we entrust the enforcement of our laws and the administration of justice. But they are there.
What are we going to do about that?
— Kevin D. Williamson is the roving correspondent for National Review.
READ MORE:
 
 
 



ARTICLE
Shortly after the 2008 election, President Obama’s soon-to-be chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, infamously declared, “You never let a serious crisis go to waste.”
He elaborated: “What I mean by that [is] it’s an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before.”
Disasters, such as the September 2008 financial crisis, were thus seen as opportunities. Out of the chaos, a shell-shocked public might at last be ready to accept more state regulation of the economy and far greater deficit spending. Indeed, the national debt doubled in the eight years following the 2008 crisis.
During the 2008 campaign, gas prices at one point averaged over $4 a gallon. Then-candidate Obama reacted by pushing a green agenda — as if the cash-strapped but skeptical public could be pushed into alternative-energy agendas.
Obama mocked then-Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin’s prescient advice to “drill, baby, drill” — as if Palin’s endorsement of new technologies such as fracking and horizontal drilling could never ensure consumers plentiful fuel.
Instead, in September 2008, Steven Chu, who would go on to become Obama’s secretary of energy, told the Wall Street Journal that “somehow we have to figure out how to boost the price of gasoline to the levels in Europe.”
In other words, if gas prices were to reach $9 or $10 a gallon, angry Americans would at last be forced to seek alternatives to their gas-powered cars, such as taking the bus or using even higher-priced alternative fuels.
When up for reelection in 2012, President Obama doubled down on his belief that gas was destined to get costlier: “And you know we can’t just drill our way to lower gas prices.”
Yet even as Obama spoke, U.S. frackers were upping the supply and reducing the cost of gas — despite efforts by the Obama administration to deny new oil-drilling permits on federal lands.
U.S. oil production roughly doubled from 2008 to 2015. And by 2017, the old bogeyman of “peak oil” production had been put to rest, as the U.S. became nearly self-sufficient in fossil-fuel production.
Viewing the world in apocalyptic terms was also useful during the California drought.
In March 2016, even as the four-year drought was over and California precipitation had returned to normal, Governor Jerry Brown was still harping on the connection between “climate change” and near-permanent drought.
“We are running out of time because it’s not raining,” Brown melodramatically warned. “This is a serious matter we’re experiencing in California, as kind of a foretaste.”
Foretaste to what, exactly?
In 2017, it rained and snowed even more than it had during a normal year of precipitation in 2016.
Currently, the challenge in a drenched California is not theoretical global warming but the more mundane issue of long-neglected dam maintenance, which threatens to undermine over-full reservoirs.
Brown had seen the drought as a means of achieving the aim of regimenting Californians to readjust their lifestyles in ways deemed environmentally correct. The state refused to begin work on new reservoirs, aqueducts, and canals to get ready for the inevitable end of the drought, even though in its some 120 years of accurate recordkeeping California had probably never experienced more than a four-year continuous drought.
And it did not this time around, either.
Instead, state officials saw the drought as useful to implement permanent water rationing, to idle farm acreage, and to divert irrigation water to environmental agendas.
Well before this year’s full spring snowmelt, more than 50 million acre-feet of water has already cascaded out to sea (“liberated,” in green terms). The lost freshwater was greater than the capacity of all existing (and now nearly full) man-made reservoirs in the state, and its loss will make it harder to deal with the next inevitable drought
No matter: Progressive narratives insisted that man-caused carbon releases prompted not only record heat and drought but also record coolness and precipitation within a few subsequent months.
And in Alice in Wonderland fashion, just as drilling was supposedly no cure for oil shortages, building reservoirs was no remedy for water scarcity.
In the same manner, neglecting the maintenance and building of roads in California created a transportation crisis. Until recently, the preferred solution to the state’s road mayhem and gridlock wasn’t more freeway construction but instead high-speed rail — as if substandard streets and highways would force millions of frustrated drivers to use expensive state-owned mass transit.
These days, shortages of credit, water, oil, or adequate roads are no longer seen as age-old challenges to a tragic human existence. Instead of overcoming them with courage, ingenuity, technology, and scientific breakthroughs, they are seen as existential “teachable moments.”
In other words, crises are not all bad — if they lead the public to more progressive government.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
This April 22nd won’t be your normal Earth Day. Since it was first celebrated in 1970, that date has been used to promote environmental causes. By now, the day has become a tame secular festival of tree hugging, and its long-established liberal tilt generates very little pushback. But in 2017, the centerpiece of the annual environmental jamboree will be a “March for Science” held in Washington, D.C., and reportedly in 500 other cities around the world. The organizers say their purpose is to promote a vision of science as a necessary “pillar of human freedom and prosperity.” But there’s no secret about the agenda pushed by the day’s organizers. It’s the latest in a series of events following up on the “Women’s March,” when liberals took to the streets the Saturday after Inauguration Day to vent their rage about the incoming Trump presidency.
As with that massive anti-Trump protest, the marchers this month can count on sympathetic coverage in the mainstream media. That means their efforts will be spun as an answer to right-wing philistines and ignoramuses now in office who “deny” accepted scientific wisdom about global warming. The deniers, the media claim, wish to ax necessary research funds and silence government bureaucrats from speaking out against environmental perils. But no matter where you stand on the issue of climate change and computer models designed to prove that human activity is the sole cause of warming, the April 22nd march is more of a threat to the cause of real science than it is to Trump’s prospects.
By tying the entire range of scientific endeavors to a partisan political movement, organizers are doing a great disservice to serious study. Attempting to create a link between the scientific method and the intellectual swamp known as “intersectionality” — which sees related systems of oppression harming women, Third World citizens, non-white people, LGBTs, and basically everyone on earth except white Western males — the march organizers are actually undermining support for serious thought about science.
Reducing all arguments about environmental policy to the simple question of whether one supports or “denies” science is a political trick of the Left. It’s possible to acknowledge that climate change happens and is an accepted part of our understanding of recorded history dating back to the time when Greenland was actually green — while at the same time having a healthy skepticism about computer models of global warming. And since the models have yet to prove accurate, such skepticism is, in fact, scientifically sound. One can bring the same skepticism to the wilder claims about the consequences of warming — such as those in Al Gore’s film An Inconvenient Truth — that have often been deliberately exaggerated to generate more support for environmentalist demands. The absurd notion that the East and West Coasts will be underwater in a generation or two if “science” is not heeded makes it much harder to take more measured warnings seriously.
But the March for Science isn’t really a serious undertaking, at least as far as science is concerned. The organizers may claim they’d like a dispassionate debate about the efforts of Scott Pruitt, as the new EPA head, to roll back regulations that conservatives believe harm the economy while having a marginal impact on the environment; March for Science may advocate more funding for the sciences. But such issues have been up for discussion in the past, and both Democrats and Republicans have sought to balance budgets by cutting funding for research that had no political constituency.
In truth, the march is less about science and more about mobilizing the educated classes against Trump. “Resist” — meaning “Resist Trump!” — is the byword. That’s why many liberal scientists are wary of the march: They know that identifying their discipline with a specific political cause will doom any effort to maintain a broad base of support for research funding. They may have fewer friends in the Trump administration than they did in Obama’s, but any chance of winning over the White House on a case-by-case basis ends if “science” comes to be seen as a Democratic cause rather than a bipartisan one.
If the anti-Trump tilt of the event isn’t enough of a tipoff, the effort to enlist scientists in the intersectional-style gender and sexual-preference cause is another clear sign that the march is only the latest liberal offensive in the ongoing culture wars. As The New York Times reports, many erstwhile supporters have attacked such language in the manifestos of the march’s organizers.
Enlisting scientific disciplines in the ranks of the anti-Trump “resistance” is risky enough, but there’s another fatal flaw to the idea that science is on the side of the Left. The same people who loudly insist that respect for science puts you in the enlightened liberal camp are the most flagrant deniers of science when it comes to the issue of abortion.
Medical studies published in the New England Journal of Medicine (and even reported in the New York Times) have proven that babies, starting at 20 weeks, can survive outside the womb if given medical attention. But left-wing abortion-rights supporters continue to argue against any limits on late-term abortion, as if the objects of these procedures were mere clumps of cells and not human beings. A baby that’s been in the womb for 20 weeks is not yet human, they say — so it’s no surprise that they scoff outright at the notion that life begins at conception.
But one doesn’t have to be a pro-life activist to understand that the life-begins-at-conception idea is a basic truth rooted in science not religion. On abortion, it is the Left that denies proven scientific facts, not the Right. It is the Left that is politicizing science for political ends. But don’t expect any condemnation of that at the March for Science.
Some scientists may have personal misgivings about Trump or even disgust for his policies, but if they let themselves be drafted into a Democratic political protest, they will harm science itself and also damage their chances of persuading Republicans to back their efforts. Reasonable people can disagree about the levels of funding for research, and about how far we should go to reduce the impact of a changing climate, without turning the discussion into an all-or-nothing debate between “science” and non-science. Like the Women’s March and the more recent Women’s Strike on March 8, what will happen on April 22 is nothing more or less than the attempted hijacking of science by the radical Left. If it succeeds, both the academy and the cause of civil debate will be the worse for it.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is the opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributing writer to NRO.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign, the new book by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, is absolutely gripping reading, chock full of juicy, revelatory reporting about the Democratic nominee’s campaign that you really wish you had read during the actual campaign. Alas, Allen and Parnes had to agree to save their best material for the book in order to receive the extraordinary access they were given.
The authors are blunt about how what they observed of Team Clinton behind the scenes was completely different from what most of the public saw:
Wouldn’t it have been nice to know there was a “feeling of impending doom” inside the Clinton campaign last year?
It’s not that there was no coverage of the campaign’s infighting and stumbles. There just wasn’t much to suggest that the dysfunction of Clinton’s team would prove fatal, or even that it was worse than the usual clashing of egos in a high-stakes national race. The Trump campaign was usually portrayed as an out-of-control clown car, with feuding egos, bumbling incompetence, and campaign managers changing as regularly as Spinal Tap drummers. The Clinton campaign, by comparison, was perceived to be an experienced, well-funded, well-organized, well-oiled machine brimming with dozens of campaign offices in swing states and a proven ground game.
Except privately, the people running the machine had their doubts, and weren’t shy about sharing them with Allen and Parnes.
In Shattered, we learn that ten speechwriters, consultants, and aides had a hand in writing Clinton’s announcement speech, which unsurprisingly turned out to be a long, muddled mess. Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau, briefly brought in to help, concluded that the speech (and by extension, the whole campaign) “lacked a central rationale for why Hillary was running for president, and sounded enough like standard Democratic pablum that, with the exception of the biographical details, could have been delivered by anyone within the party.”
We learn that Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook, chose not to spend money on polling, relying instead on analytics surveys. “In Florida, Craig Smith, the former White House political director, and Scott Arceneaux, a veteran southern Democratic political operative, had begged Mook to poll the state in October to no avail. Mook believed it was a waste of money.” (Clinton’s campaign spent $563 million during the cycle.) Bill Clinton reportedly told one aide the Friday before the election that Florida was “in the bag.” Trump won the state by about 100,000 votes out of more than 9.4 million cast.
We learn that Clinton’s Wisconsin volunteers lacked basic resources such as campaign literature to distribute while door-knocking. “What is the point of having a hundred people on the ground if you’re not giving them any of the tools to do the work?” asks one unidentified “veteran Democratic organizer familiar with the Wisconsin operation.”
We learn that in late October, after FBI director Jim Comey’s letter indicating the bureau had reopened the investigation into Clinton’s e-mails, longtime aide Jake Sullivan “believed there was a reasonable chance Hillary would lose the election, and he began pressing Mook and others to abandon efforts to expand the Electoral College map in favor of locking down states that added up to 270.”
In other words, quite a few people knew that Hillary Clinton’s campaign was a paper tiger. Loyalty to the Clintons (and fear of retribution) kept them from speaking publicly and honestly about it. It must have been a great relief to these frustrated, frightened Clinton staffers to vent to Allen and Parnes, knowing their words wouldn’t risk influencing the outcome of the election. Allen and Parnes, on the other hand, knew that the public was getting, at best, a seriously incomplete portrait of the state of the race and the election dynamics, and they acknowledge the uncomfortable position this put them in:
If the journalists with the best access to the front-running campaign hadn’t had to save all of their best material for a post-election book, maybe the results of the 2016 election wouldn’t have been so stunning.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
An American University fraternity’s fundraiser for veterans has been canceled over concerns that the name — “Bad(minton) and Boujee” — might be “cultural appropriation.”
The fraternity, Sigma Alpha Mu, told Campus Reform that it had planned a badminton fundraiser for Armor Down, and named it “Bad(minton) and Boujee” — after the popular Migos song “Bad and Boujee” — to make the event sound more appealing to students, and ultimately earn more money to help veterans who are having difficulty reintegrating into society after their service.
Rocco Cimino, the fraternity’s president, told Campus Reform that the group decided on the theme because sports-related fundraisers generally received the most support on campus, and most sports had already been “taken” by other groups. The only thing the group could think of that was left was badminton — which a lot of people think is kind of boring — so Sigma Alpha Mu figured it would try to “generate buzz” by using a fun name.
What these kids must have forgotten, though, is that this is 2017, and “fun” is pretty much not allowed anymore. In response to their plan, Sigma Alpha Mu received an e-mail from Assistant Director for Fraternity and Sorority Life Colin Gerker informing the students that their fundraiser could not be approved with such a problematic name.
“I suspect that this event name will be criticized for the use of ‘boujee,’” Gerker wrote in the e-mail, according to Campus Reform. “I know it’s a colloquial term and is popular via Migos, but we have had groups get reamed for appropriating culture before related to situations like this.”
Cimino attempted to protest, explaining that the members of Sigma Alpha Mu did “not see how a single word which loosely translates to ‘high class’ should disqualify [the] entire event.”
“We also do not understand how there is a ‘culture’ associated with boujee and how, even if there is, the event is completely unrelated to the name,” Cimino continued.
Both Cimino and Gerker are right.
Cimino is right in the sense that a cultural-appropriation complaint in regards to the name “Bad(minton) and Boujee” would be totally absurd. “Bad and Boujee,” after all, is an oppressively popular song. Any time I go out to a bar, I have to hear it at least 14 times, and any person in the room who is even close to college age freaks out every single time it comes on. According to my calculations, I’d estimate that the song gets played at parties and in dorm rooms at AU approximately 9 million times per day, and anyone who would complain about naming an event after it would be launching the student body down a slippery slope of potential problematics. What would be next, banning the song altogether? SJWs simply leering and buzz-word-salad-op-ed-ing at anyone who played it?
Honestly though, as ridiculous as that scenario may sound, it’s far from inconceivable — and that’s where Gerker is correct. Don’t get me wrong, I completely disagree with Gerker’s decision to play by the rules of the no-fun-police, but he was right in saying that seemingly innocuous things get called out as “cultural appropriation” all the time — hoop earrings, certain styles of eyebrows, and choker necklaces have all been named offenders within the past few months. What does disturb me about Gerker, however, is that he was even able think of this as being a potential problem. I mean, who views life through that lens? Back when I was in college, I would have been too busy thinking about too many other things for there to ever be room for such a thought in my head. Starting with, you know, school.
Now, what makes this cancelation different from other events that have been canceled over complaints of cultural appropriation — like the yoga classes at the University of Ottawa or the fiesta-themed cardiac fundraiser at Dartmouth — is that this event was canceled before there were any complaints at all. It was canceled not because students were upset, but because of concerns that some students might become upset. It was a straw-man cancelation. It represents that campus culture has gone beyond just bowing down to the whims of the offended; it has started living defensively in fear of their outrage.
Although Sigma Alpha Mu ultimately called off the event, it is still accepting donations for Armor Down on a GoFundMe page.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
Editor’s Note: This article originally identified the American University fraternity as “Sigma Alpha Nu.” The fraternity is Sigma Alpha Mu.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As liberals tripped over each other virtue-signaling after the MOAB strike in Afghanistan on April 13 and imagining all the ways the erroneous but oft-cited figure of its $314 million cost could have been better spent (clean water! the homeless! health care!), one group really stood out amid the predictable morass: March for Science not only apologized on behalf of the science used to build the bomb, but it actually referred to ISIS terrorists as victims.
March for Science is purportedly a group of scientists and science-lovers who are organizing a worldwide march on April 22. Though the event is disguised as a rally for all things sciency, it is in reality intended to be a massive protest against President Trump, Republicans, and climate-change “deniers.” Its Twitter page has nearly 350,000 followers, and its website mentions “diversity” and “inclusion” repeatedly while saying nothing about specific scientific issues. It has come under fire from some within the scientific establishment for being too divisive and overly obsessed with identity politics, and for excluding scientists who might not toe the Democratic-party line.
In a tweetstorm the day a massive bomb wiped out several dozen ISIS terrorists, March for Science again exposed itself for the political, unscientific outfit it really is. It first posted a self-flagellating excerpt from its “Diversity Principles” statement, admitting that science has been used to “harm and oppress marginalized communities.”
But that was just a set-up for what was coming next:
So according to the scientists running the March for Science twitter page, terrorists who burn people alive, hack off their heads, and gang rape adolescent girls are “marginalized.” If only there had been some after-school arts programs or midnight-basketball leagues in Kabul, perhaps we could have avoided the murderous, torturous, indiscriminate rampage ISIS and other jihadists have inflicted on us for the better part of two decades. March for Science laments the “irreparable harm” inflicted by the MOAB. And golly, if only we make love not bombs, the feckless bureaucrats in Flint, Mich., could’ve fixed their water system!
In this logic, the U.S. can spend money either to cause “irreparable harm” to ISIS or to help Flint residents. It’s a zero-sum game that envisions a kind of moral equivalence between the two activities.
I scanned the March for Science’s timeline and — shocker! — there was no apology for the scientists who helped invent the internal combustion engine used in large trucks driven by maniacal murderers who plow into innocent people celebrating a Christmas festival or shopping in Stockholm or sightseeing in London. No hand-wringing about the science used to make suitcase bombs or backpack bombs that blow off the limbs of people waiting at an airport or a marathon finish line.
That wasn’t the end of it. March for Science had to weigh in on Sean Spicer’s comments earlier that week, in which he said that even Hitler “didn’t gas his own people that way Assad is doing” (comments for which Spicer later apologized):
It took only a moment to scroll back to the week when Syria’s president, Bashir al-Assad, attacked his own people with chemical weapons. Surely March for Science’s Twitter author anguished at science’s role in poisoning children and babies, right? Nope. Nothing. Why make Assad the bad guy when you have Sean Spicer?
After some people on social media (myself included) pushed back at their ludicrous tweets, March for Science deleted most of them. But hey: Thanks, science! Because of the scientific technology that created screen shots, a tweet never really dies.
It’s one thing for a hardcore leftist to start calculating how many “free” school lunches we can buy with the cost of one bomb — nothing new there. It’s another to have sympathy for jihadists and fret over the damage we inflict on terrorists. In the “woke” worldview, Trump is the true evildoer who deserves outrage and protest. And these are the same folks who insist we bow down to their “consensus” on man-made climate change and demonize us if we don’t. March for Science folks should worry less about the “irreparable harm” to a cave full of terrorists and more about the harm they’re inflicting on their own credibility.
— Julie Kelly is a writer in Orland Park, Ill.



ARTICLE
Roswell, Ga. – It was a rainy day in Georgia. As the skies released a downpour on Georgia’s sixth congressional district today, voters in Cobb, DeKalb, and Fulton counties braved the congested roads and difficult conditions to support their chosen candidate to replace Republican representative Tom Price. For now at least, their efforts have yielded only a delay.
Because no candidate reached 50 percent, 30-year-old Jon Ossoff, a former Democratic staffer on Capitol Hill, will face off in June against Karen Handel, a Republican who has served as Georgia’s secretary of state and on several local commissions. Though Ossoff dominated early voting, election-day votes pulled his total down over the course of the evening and kept him shy of an outright win. The headlines will have to wait.
For months, this race has been cast by activists and pundits as indicative of the road ahead for the current presidential administration, perhaps illustrating whether Donald Trump’s abrasive personality and controversial agenda have already turned off voters. But as the results rolled in on Tuesday evening, it became clear that the GA-06 special election has been perhaps the best example of the national media making nothing into something.
Early in the race, the Democratic party chose Ossoff as the most promising frontrunner, enabling him to amass over $8.3 million, over 90 percent of which came from outside the region. Journalists, activists, and celebrities insisted that Ossoff had an excellent chance to take over 50 percent of the vote — even in a packed field of 18 candidates — and pull off a shocking outright victory in the traditionally Republican district.
A look at the district’s history should have been enough to talk progressives out of placing their hopes on Ossoff’s slim shoulders. The sixth district has been consistently represented by a Republican since 1979, and both John McCain and Mitt Romney won it by over 20 percentage points in their presidential runs.
Indeed, the only thing that gave election analysts pause was Trump’s poor performance in the district last November, when he eked out a victory over Hillary Clinton by just one percentage point. This led some to believe that the demographics of the area were shifting, or at least that Trump himself had caused the shift, leaving in his wake a slew of disenchanted voters ready to flee to the Democratic party.
Tuesday’s results don’t fully clarify the role that the president has played in the fluctuating dynamics of GA-06. But they do prove that Trump hasn’t enraged so many Americans that a nearly unknown Democrat — even one with significant national funding and attention — could turn a solid GOP district blue overnight.
On the ground, voters seemed divided over whether the president had played any role in their decisions. Some Ossoff supporters mentioned Trump right away. “I’m horrified at the current federal administration,” one woman told me after saying she cast her vote for the young Democrat. “He’s not my favorite candidate I’ve ever voted for, but the Democratic establishment got behind him and John Lewis got behind him, and that’s good enough for me.” (Lewis has represented Georgia’s fifth district since 1987.)
Another woman — who has lived in Dunwoody area for 20 years and yet has never voted in special elections or even in midterms — went to vote today only because of how intensely she dislikes Trump and his agenda. “People deserve to have everything they need: health care, education,” she explained to me. In particular, she said, she has been appalled by Trump’s desire to remove federal funding from Meals on Wheels and Planned Parenthood, adding that Ossoff will be the exact opposite of Trump and will go to Washington to fight the GOP on every issue, not ignoring anyone in need.
But other Democrats seemed less incensed about Trump. Ossoff’s is “the only name I could remember,” one such voter told me, illustrating just how effective the candidate’s $6 million in campaign spending was in driving up his name recognition in the district. “I believe in his principles,” she added. Though this young woman didn’t feel strongly either way about Trump, she didn’t vote for him, and she said Ossoff makes her feel “like we can get it right this time.”
Another Ossoff voter came to the U.S. from Tanzania when he was young and has spent the rest of his life in this region of Georgia, where he attended Georgia Tech and is now raising a family. Though he appreciates conservatism, he fears that the GOP isn’t realistic about the challenges facing the country.
“I believe in the Republican values of working hard and being able to make something of yourself,” he tells me. But, after having worked in international business, he says he has seen too many promising young people leave the U.S. to work elsewhere because of a lack of opportunity or policies that enable their success, problems that he believes the GOP refuses to recognize.
Several GOP voters, when asked about Ossoff, wrinkled their noses at the fact that the candidate doesn’t live in the sixth district. Though this information has been available before today, an election-day CNN interview brought attention to the fact that he lives a few miles outside the district with his girlfriend. Though this is permissible by constitutional rules, to GA-06 Republicans it just seems foolish. As one man asked me rhetorically, “What voter would like that?”
As for the Republicans, in the end the choice was clear. Across the district, fans of Karen Handel told me time and again that they chose her as the most experienced Republican who was most likely to succeed. At her election-night party, one man repeated to me the oft-quoted Bill Buckley line, that he wanted to choose the most conservative candidate who was electorally viable. For him, that was Karen Handel, and, judging by the results tonight, he seems to have shared that estimation with a plurality.
Longtime supporter Laura Strange told me at the event that Handel was the only GOP candidate who has both business knowledge and political acumen. “There are a lot of very impressive candidates in this race,” she said, “but none can combine those two pieces like she can.”
Just a few miles down the road, at GOP candidate Bob Gray’s results party, voters seemed much more passionate about Trump and his agenda. In fact, Marissa Hardwick and Jerry Ramsey, both of whom live in the part of Cobb County that is outside the confines of GA-06, volunteered constantly for Gray during the election, even though neither of them had ever participated in political campaigns, or paid much attention to them at all before Donald Trump. Their enthusiasm for the president transferred to Gray when he positioned himself as the closest to Trump of the many GOP candidates.
Other attendees insisted that Gray’s business experience made him a more attractive candidate than “career politicians,” a veiled slam against Handel. “We want less spending and taxes, as well as job growth. Those are the things a businessman understands,” one supporter told me.
Tonight’s results seem to indicate, though, that Gray’s alignment with Trump — to the point of donning camouflage waders and literally draining a swamp in a television ad — might have done more harm than good, or at the very least didn’t give him the edge he needed.
Much remains unclear about the political dynamics of the sixth district; this, evidently, was not a normal election. But the unnecessary national frenzy surrounding this race should teach us a few crucial lessons: Among them, that polling in special elections is largely unhelpful and often misleading, and that early voting doesn’t determine the fate of the race. It should teach us, too, that Democrats shouldn’t expect to flip decades-long Republican strongholds overnight — not even with the help of a scapegoat like Donald Trump. Politics moves slowly in America, and it doesn’t take much heed of those constructing narratives.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
There’s a lot we can learn from the incident earlier this month in which a United Airlines passenger was beaten bloody by security guards for refusing to give up his seat when the airline said it needed it to accommodate some of its employees. That is, aside from the obvious fact that assault is a less-than-optimal customer-service strategy.
First let’s be clear. The treatment of the passenger, Dr. David Dao, was reprehensible. Set aside the fine points of contract law and property rights, and the question of whether removing Dr. Dao was legally permissible (it’s in dispute), or whether he should have complied with the air crew’s orders. There is simply no excuse for the level of excessive force used against the doctor.
That’s a lesson some conservatives should keep in mind when they justify the overreaction of police when confronting a suspect who fails to comply. The use of force, especially by those in authority, should be proportional to the offense. Being stubborn, impolite, or defiant isn’t grounds for assault.
But there’s an even bigger lesson for liberals. The market — not government — is often the best mechanism for addressing business misconduct.
Look what happened to United as a result of its behavior. They received billions of dollars in bad publicity. Customers threatened to take their business elsewhere. Stock prices declined, losing 4 percent — $770 million — of its value in the week after the incident (it has since partially recovered). The CEO, Oscar Munez, stands to lose $500,000 in bonus money if customer satisfaction doesn’t improve.
In response, Munez has now apologized. But more significantly, United will change its procedures. It will no longer allow seated customers to be displaced for crew members or other employees. And it will no longer ask law enforcement to remove passengers except when it is a question of safety or security. The airline has also implemented a new training program for gate agents.
In addition at least one of United’s competitors announced that it would dramatically increase the amount of the voucher offered to passengers who voluntarily give up their seats. Delta will now offer volunteers as much as $9,950, plus rebooking. Other airlines are also expected to respond. And the security officers involved have been suspended and may be fired.
It didn’t take Congress or the president to force these changes. It wasn’t the courts (though lawsuits are pending). We didn’t need a new law or regulation. It was the pressure brought by individual consumers and investors acting on their preferences (and self-interest) in a free market.
This is hardly the first time that companies have had to respond to consumers pressure. From both right and left, consumer boycotts, bad media, and shareholder activism have forced companies to improve workers’ rights, product safety, political bias, the treatment of women and minorities, and more. Neither conservatives nor liberals will always agree with the purpose of such campaigns, but no one can deny that they work.
Abuse your customers, they won’t buy from you. Abuse your employees, they won’t work for you. Produce a lousy product, someone else will produce a better one and put you out of business. That’s the power of free-market competition.
Compare this to how government responds when it fails. We are still waiting for the Veterans Administration to change its behavior or punish those responsible for its various scandals over many years. The public schools fail year after year, decade after decade, and their response is to demand more money and try to prevent parents from going elsewhere. The IRS, the TSA, the NSA, even your local DMV provide example after example. Whether ineffective, inefficient, or outright abusive government programs, agencies, and institutions are immune from the pressures and oversight that markets impose on a daily basis.
Indeed, to the degree that laws and regulation reduce business flexibility, increase costs or decrease consumer choices, or erect barriers to entry for new competitors, government is more of a hindrance than a help in ensuring that business acts responsibly.
Obviously markets are not perfect. Often they are agonizingly slow when it comes to correcting inequities or abuses in our society. This is compounded by the fact that too often consumers are indifferent to or complicit in those abuses. In some cases, the inequities are so severe and so deeply imbedded in society that consumer power is not enough to change things. Or at least we cannot wait for markets to change. Think of the Jim Crow South. In those cases, we do need government to intervene. But in most cases, especially over the long term, consumers have more power over businesses than government ever can or should.
The Left often portrays the market as the enemy in the search for social justice. As is often the case, they have it precisely wrong. The free market doesn’t just create the wealth that makes justice possible, it gives all of us a voice in enforcing it. That’s real power to the people.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
America’s criminal courts are in terrible shape. New York, Indiana, Louisiana, Idaho, Missouri, and many other states are mired in litigation over their festering crises in indigent legal defense. Public defenders want to do a good job for their clients but are often stretched so thin by enormous caseloads that they feel as though they are being forced to commit malpractice, like a doctor with way too many patients.
One bright spot is Comal County, Texas, near San Antonio. For the past two years, officials have been testing a pilot program known as Client Choice, which takes the unprecedented step of letting indigent defendants choose their own lawyer, instead of having one assigned to them.
The idea is to bring market competition to indigent-defense services. Let attorneys compete for the business of indigent clients, and they will try to enhance their reputations by providing quality representation. A market for defense services already exists for wealthy and middle-class families, but the market hasn’t been able to function in the indigent area because clients have had no say in the selection of their attorneys.
In 1963 the Supreme Court held that poor persons have a right to counsel, but the Court left the funding and selection procedure to local government officials. Over the past 50 years, the courts have typically assigned either public defenders or private attorneys to handle their cases. These bureaucratic models have been struggling all over the United States.
State lawmakers troubled by the indigent-defense crisis should stop looking for Band-Aid solutions and instead study the Comal pilot program. A new report from the Justice Management Institute, titled The Power of Choice, found that when market competition was introduced, the quality of legal representation improved.
Before 2015, Comal County operated an “assigned counsel” system. There was a roster of attorneys who wanted to be assigned to criminal cases involving indigent clients, and unless the case required some special skills, such as fluency in Spanish, the court would use a rotation method to appoint them. The lawyers were compensated on a per-case basis pursuant to fee schedules established by the court. The fees, which fell below what the market would demand, varied depending upon whether the case involved a misdemeanor or a felony.
Under the Client Choice pilot program, indigent defendants can either select their lawyer from the roster of attorneys or let the court choose for them. Those who wanted to select their lawyer would be given a packet of biographical information and a form to indicate their top three choices. Lawyers on the roster retained the option to decline clients if their own caseloads became too heavy.
JMI evaluated Client Choice and made several notable findings. First, 72 percent of defendants elected to make their own choice of lawyers. Second, the indigent clients received better service. According to the judges who were surveyed, many observed that “defense lawyers were more assertive, better prepared, and more frequently saw their clients.” Another judge noted that there were fewer demands from defendants to fire their attorney.
Beyond the observations of judges, the JMI report found better case outcomes for indigent clients who chose their own attorneys. Instead of surrendering and always urging their clients to take a plea deal, the attorneys who were freely chosen were more willing to go to trial. Better defense work means fewer mistakes, and fewer wrongful conviction lawsuits that will be borne by taxpayers.
Voluntary, freely chosen relationships are generally more cordial. That’s important in the tense circumstances of a criminal case. The JMI report found that indigent clients in the choice model had greater feelings that their “lawyers advocated zealously for them.” The lawyers, in turn, felt a greater responsibility after having been chosen by the client.
One of the benefits of our decentralized criminal-justice system is that different jurisdictions can try different policies and the results can be studied so that best practices can be identified. Policymakers say they want evidence-based research, and Client Choice is an innovative policy that has now been tested and evaluated. The bottom line is that it is successful.
Over the long term, lawmakers need to undo much of the overcriminalization of conduct that has swamped the courts and indigent defenders. In the meantime, the Comal County pilot program ought to be scaled up statewide in Texas and other states.
— Tim Lynch is the director of the Cato Institute’s Project on Criminal Justice.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As its membership plummets, the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) is seeking to unionize home health-care workers, who have never previously organized and do not fit the traditional description of the public employees SEIU typically represents. The union is making its attempt in states across the country, but in Minnesota, where it has been rife with fraud, the personal-care attendants are pushing back, pursuing one of the largest union-decertification efforts in the history of the United States.
In 2013, Governor Mark Dayton (D.) signed a law declaring that home health-care providers — mostly women caring for disabled family members — are government employees, but only for purposes of collective bargaining. Shortly thereafter, the SEIU swooped in, pressuring workers to vote for unionization. Fewer than 6,000 ballots were cast, but because Minnesota law requires unions to receive majority support only from those who vote rather than from the entire bargaining unit, the 3,543 yes votes were enough to unionize all 27,000 personal-care attendants in the state.
To make matters worse, caretakers allege that SEIU did more than harass and “stalk” them — they say the union also forged signatures and denied anti-union voters ballots in the representation election.
Nonetheless, the resulting contract stipulated that 3 percent of the Medicaid funds that caregivers received in compensation for their work would be taken from them and handed over as union dues to the SEIU. But thanks to the Supreme Court decision in Harris v. Quinn (2014), unions representing home health workers can collect payment only from those who voluntarily opt in to the union and agree to have the dues deducted. But in Minnesota, the SEIU was caught deducting dues from caregivers who never gave them permission to do so.
Patricia Johansen, a personal-care attendant in Otter Tail County, Minn., told Matt Patterson of the Center for Worker Freedom that she never voted for the union or agreed to join and have dues deducted. In the fall of 2015, however, she noticed that the SEIU had been skimming dues from her Medicaid funds. When she complained, the SEIU said it had her signed dues-deduction authorization card on file.
Patricia, who is left-handed and “writes in an elegant and distinctive cursive” script, requested a copy — and received a form that had been filled out in her name in “crude, block letters” with a “clumsy” signature. Patricia had her dues refunded after notifying the union that she had been defrauded, but others have not been as lucky.
Now she and other personal-care attendants are collecting signatures to put the SEIU back on the ballot in hopes of decertifying this union that appears to have engaged in voter disenfranchisement, identity theft, and unlawful dues deduction, all in order to divert Medicaid funds to its own coffers.
The coalition has collected more than 6,500 signatures — nearly double the number of caregivers who voted to unionize — but the Dayton administration is moving the goalposts. According to Patterson of the Center for Worker Freedom, when the coalition originally submitted its signatures in December, it was told that both a hearing and an election would be scheduled. But shortly thereafter the administration revoked that decision, at the behest of the SEIU.
The SEIU’s rampant abuse is making one of the most wasteful federal government programs even more costly. Medicaid consumes nearly a third of the entire Minnesota state budget and is growing rapidly, crowding out funding for roads, schools, and other core government responsibilities. Nationally it costs over $530 billion a year and is one of the primary drivers of the national debt. Already the program is stretching taxpayers thin. Unfortunately, Governor Dayton and his administration have allowed the SEIU to game the system for their own benefit, siphoning off as much as $5 million in Minnesota alone.
Officials can and should put an end to this racket. One option is through state action. State representative Marion O’Neill, chair of the Subcommittee on Employee Relations, has called for an investigation into fraud in the unionization effort. She is scheduling “full, robust hearings” on how the election took place and why dues were deducted without permission. She hopes to exposing and end any wrongdoing.
The federal government can also put a stop to this. Health and Human Services secretary Tom Price can issue a regulation immediately stating that Medicaid funds cannot be siphoned off as union dues. Such a rule is well within his authority to preserve the intent of the Medicaid program and would not have any impact on collective-bargaining rights. It would simply ensure that a union collects dues only from those who voluntarily send them and that it is not taking them without permission, as the SEIU has done in Minnesota.
In the meantime, if Minnesota’s personal care-attendants vote to remove the SEIU in one of the largest union-decertification efforts in American history, they will have scored a historic win for taxpayers, caregivers, and the truly needy in their state.
— Akash Chougule is the director of policy, and Jason Flohrs is the Minnesota state director, of Americans for Prosperity.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
How thirsty does Variety look, begging readers to join it in doing high-V cheerleading moves for Chelsea Clinton?
Thirstier than an ultra-marathoner lost in Death Valley in mid-July.
Hyping the entertainment magazine’s latest cover, co–editor in chief Claudia Eller gushed this week, “How cool does Chelsea Clinton look on our Power of Women, NY, cover?”
Welcome to the liberal media’s manufacturing of “cool.” Leather jacket? Check. Overzealous airbrushing? Check. Humanizing grin? Check. Democratic-establishment pedigree? Checkity-check-check.
This is just the latest attempt by The Media Resistance to make Chelsea Clinton a thing. The same liberal lunatics in the press who rage about the Trump children’s nepotistic privileges champion the “refreshingly outspoken” daughter of the Clinton dynasty — who, at 37 years old, will receive a “Lifetime Impact” award from Variety on Friday for her “humanitarian work.”
The honor comes during the same week that the Clinton Global Initiative cash machine officially shut down. Among the generous “humanitarian” projects of CGI’s parent, the Clinton Foundation: chipping in a reported $3 million for Chelsea’s wedding to another heir of Democratic corruptocrats, Marc Mezvinsky — the newly jobless former hedge-fund manager and son of convicted fraudster Edward Mezvinsky, a former Democratic congressman from Iowa.
Remember: The Clintons’ own inner circle lambasted Chelsea’s hubby for exploiting the Clinton Foundation and CGI to prop up his now-defunct hedge fund. The duo also siphoned off charitable donations to pay for “taxes on money from her parents” and expenses racked up to subsidize her “life for a decade,” according to longtime Clinton aide Doug Band.
But I digress from the Cult of Chelsea Coolness. Shake those pompoms, propaganda media:
The New York Times lauded “Chelsea Clinton, Unbound,” applauded her “confrontational tweeting” against President Trump, and interviewed her about books for a series featuring successful authors — after her most recent ghostwritten opus on global health care flopped like those famous Filipino divers on YouTube.
BuzzFeed and The Hill cover Chelsea as if she were a Kardashian. Politico also cooed over Chelsea’s new “spicy, sarcastic online personality” on Twitter. Then the Beltway publication hailed her upcoming children’s book, which opportunistically cribs left-wing feminist Senator Elizabeth Warren’s cri de coeur, “She Persisted.”
The Huffington Post breathlessly reported on Chelsea’s brave thoughts about breast-feeding and menstruation. She boldly asserted in a wellness article that we all need to “support” breast-feeding women and menstruating girls “by talking candidly” about them. OK then. Prepare the Nobel Prize nomination, stat!
Insipid platitudes deserve eye rolls, not gala celebrations. What independent “power of women” has Chelsea Clinton exercised, other than inheriting her father’s name and what’s left of her two-time-losing mother’s political cachet?
“Lifetime achievement”? She skated through college and pulled family strings to secure her short-lived, high-priced jobs in management consulting and media.
Those who know Chelsea Clinton best see her for what she is: a “spoiled brat,” to quote Doug Band.
She is Bill Clinton without the charm, Hillary Clinton without the ruthlessness, and full Billary in her bottomless well of inflated entitlement and ideological hackery.
The ineluctable drive to prop up Chelsea Clinton is textbook fake news. The only constituency rooting for her to run for political office is the Hollywood-media complex, which is desperately trying to squeeze blood from a rotten turnip. How uncool is that?
— Michelle Malkin is host of “Michelle Malkin Investigates” on CRTV.com. Her e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
A group of students at Pomona College wrote an open letter to the school’s outgoing president claiming that “the idea that there is a single truth . . . is a myth and white supremacy,” according to a report by The Claremont Independent. 
The letter, which was written by three self-identified black students and has been signed by at least 30, claims that “historically, white supremacy has venerated the idea of objectivity . . . as a means of silencing oppressed peoples.” 
According to The Claremont Independent, the letter was in response to an e-mail that Pomona president David Oxtoby sent to the campus after protesters shut down a speech from Black Lives Matter critic Heather Mac Donald that had been scheduled for April 6.
“Protest has a legitimate and celebrated place on college campuses,” Oxtoby wrote in his email, according to The Claremont Independent. “What we cannot support is the act of preventing others from engaging with an invited speaker.”
“Our mission is founded upon the discovery of truth, the collaborative development of knowledge and the betterment of society,” it continued. 
Yes — “the discovery of truth.” Who could have a problem with that? After all, truth is the one thing that no one can really argue against, right? Well, apparently not — and apparently, believing that that’s the case is actually pretty racist: 
“The idea that there is a single truth — ‘the Truth’ — is a construct of the Euro-West that is deeply rooted in the Enlightenment, which was a movement that also described Black and Brown people as both subhuman and impervious to pain,” the students’ letter stated, according to The Claremont Independent. “This construction is a myth and white supremacy, imperialism, colonization, capitalism, and the United States of America are all of its progeny.”
“The idea that truth is an entity for which we must search, in matters that endanger our abilities to exist in open spaces, is an attempt to silence oppressed peoples,” it continues.
The letter declared that MacDonald “is a fascist, a white supremacist, a warhawk, a transphobe, a queerphobe, a classist, and ignorant of interlocking systems of domination that produce the lethal conditions under which oppressed peoples are forced to live,” and also demanded that President Oxtoby apologize for his e-mail.
First of all, let me come right out and say that truth is a thing. It is not a myth; in fact, the truth is the opposite of a myth — and whether they realize it or not, the students who wrote this letter clearly believe that, too.
Think about it. They are demanding that Oxtoby apologize — why? Because they believe it is the absolute, objective truth that MacDonald is all of the things that they say she is. If they really did believe that the truth was subjective, then they would be open to speakers coming to share their own interpretations of it — and certainly not declaring any person’s unique views to be objectively wrong. 
Now, I personally don’t agree with MacDonald on a lot of things. Here’s the thing, though: Whether you agree with MacDonald or not is irrelevant in this case, because what these students wrote is stupid no matter where you stand. Once you start trying to argue that it’s bad to encourage people to seek the truth, you have officially reached peak idiot. For one thing, admitting that you find valuing the truth to be offensive hardly helps your case when you’re literally trying to convince others that something is true. Second, some things just are objectively true. Let me let you kids in on a little secret: There’s this thing called “reality,” and it’s actually super beneficial to try and figure out what “reality” is, because you’re going to have to live there whether you acknowledge what it is or not. It may sometimes be uncomfortable, but living somewhere uncomfortable sure beats not knowing where you live. 
Oh, and by the way, plenty of objectively wrong things occurred during that protest, according to The Claremont Independent. For example: Using physical force to keep people from entering the building, including pushing an elderly professor who was trying to get in. The fact that these things are not okay is objectively true, and denying that fact isn’t going to get you anywhere — except for, perhaps, a jail cell.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In the recent Brexit campaign, Theresa May confirmed an already settled reputation as a political leader whose watchword was caution. She was thought to lean privately toward Brexit. She prudently opted for the position held by the majority of the cabinet: Remain. She made one not-very-helpful speech supporting EU membership — and left it at that. And after Leave won the vote and David Cameron resigned, she ran successfully for the Tory leadership on a platform of accepting the electorate’s verdict and going unambiguously for Brexit even if the only version on offer was a so-called hard Brexit. There is caution a-plenty in that record; but there is also a clear evolution toward firmness and decision, especially at moments of crisis.
Prime Minister May’s decision yesterday to call for an early election on June 8 demonstrates that decisiveness. There is undoubtedly a strong case, in both national and partisan terms, for an early election. May’s government has a small parliamentary majority that might in theory be whittled away in by-election losses and, on Brexit, in rebellions from the small coterie of ultra-Remainers on the Tory benches. She is faced also by a hostile anti-Brexit majority in the unelected House of Lords that would happily take advantage of any government reverses to delay or halt the progress toward Brexit.
Scotland’s devolved government has been proposing to hold a pre-Brexit second referendum on independence that would further complicate the government’s calculations. Additional legal actions have been threatened by Remainers outside parliament — one in the courts of the Irish Republic — to make Brexit dependent on the agreement of European courts. And all these alarms and excursions would be taking place during the negotiations between London and Brussels on both Brexit and any successor free-trade agreement, injecting new issues into them and weakening London’s ability to get the best possible deal.
From a partisan Tory standpoint, a general election that delivered the May government a larger parliamentary majority, a clear mandate to pursue its own version of Brexit, and a full five years to do so would be a massive improvement on its present straitened circumstances. From a national democratic standpoint, it’s desirable that the electorate’s vote for Brexit — the single biggest democratic vote in British history — should now be carried through to fruition by a government that has won an election on it. Such a result would also reshape the political landscape of Britain to produce a settled post-European polity — as opposed to the years of uncertainty and massive social and political divisions that would be introduced by a surprise Tory defeat.
Unless the current polls are wildly (and universally) wrong, however, we are likely to get a solid Tory victory, if one short of a landslide. Most polls now give the Tories a lead of between 18 and 23 percent over Labour — and a share of the popular vote between 42 and 44 percent in what is for the moment a four-party system (five-party system if you count the regional Scottish National Party). May’s Tories will doubtless fall short of that lead in practice because some voters dislike the inconvenience of snap elections and vote against a government that imposes one on them. Also, realignment elections (and this looks like one) usually feature shifts of support between the opposition parties as well as between government and opposition. And there will be plenty of those.
At present, it looks as if Labour (staggering under the burden of its unpopular far-left leader, Jeremy Corbyn) will lose as much as a third of its popular vote to other parties. Most will go to the Liberal Democrats, who, as a result, might pick up a few Tory marginal seats against the overall trend. Other Labour votes will go to UKIP, which, however, will lose some of its conservative supporters to the Tories as they return home to their traditional loyalty out of gratitude for Brexit. When the smoke has cleared, however, the Tories can rationally look forward to a parliamentary majority of something between 50 and 70 seats. And there is a strong likelihood that if the Tory and UKIP vote totals are combined, an overall majority for Brexit will have emerged from the popular vote — one not very different from its 52 percent in the referendum.
Judged against such discouraging circumstances and such encouraging prospects, Mrs. May’s courage in calling this election seems not very substantial. But Labour’s Gordon Brown flinched from a similarly attractive proposition when he succeeded Tony Blair and lost four years later; and Jim Callaghan, having passed up a good opportunity to win an election in fall 1978, fell victim to Mrs. Thatcher’s onslaught six months later. Prime ministers don’t like to take risks with their own power, and they reckon that possession is nine tenths of the law. It took judgment, courage, and a cool head for Mrs. May to choose the likelihood of five more years in power over the certainty of the next three. Fortune favors the fair but gives no guarantees.
But if we assume that although the race is not always to the swift, that’s the way to bet, what will a Tory victory mean for the future? Its first impact will be that Brexit becomes a certainty. None of the various plots and maneuvers against it will be able to withstand the democratic steamroller of an election victory on a pro-Brexit manifesto. The lawsuits will wither, the lords will retreat, the civil servants will rediscover the constitution, the judges will hibernate through the winter of negotiations. And in Brussels, the prospect of the inevitable will clarify the minds of Eurocrats and predispose them to negotiate seriously for a deal that benefits both sides.
With the certainty of Brexit, the debate over the kind of Brexit will become calmer, less nervy, more a matter of calculation, less one of immediate national destiny. Mrs. May will have the authority to call the shots domestically on the terms of Britain’s withdrawal and on any new relationship with the European Union — and with other trading partners from the U.S. to the CANZUK countries (Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the U.K.) to China. She will have the prestige of an election-winner with other countries and the EU, and that will prevent them from exploiting the divisions at home and in her own party against her, as they’re doing now in the EU talks. She can go for a harder Brexit or a softer one with less angst, nervousness, and division among her supporters in business and politics because they will know that the direction to Brexit is fixed and that “all rising is by a winding stair.” And she will have more than enough time — two years in negotiations, three in implementing the agreement — to carry Brexit through any intervening storms to a new status quo for Britain abroad and at home.
What might be the second impact of a new domestic political status quo? Already that is becoming clearer. The fact that the Tory party has been scoring 42–44 percent in opinion polls for several months (compared with long periods in the mid 30s or lower in the previous ten years) shows that May has already brought together a new broad national coalition — one that has the potential to grow further if UKIP continues to decline with Brexit’s success.
One aspect of this growth is that, unlike the situation in other European countries, what is called “populism” in Britain has been absorbed naturally into the formal party system rather than being a “threat” to it. So-called populist issues such as immigration are taken seriously by the Tory government and now influence and even shape policy. Many activists — often but not always working-class — who would have gone into UKIP or single-issue movements or who have become simply apathetic if Cameron’s liberal modernizers still ran the Tories are now gravitating toward a more open and less exclusive Tory party. May is setting out very consciously to make them welcome, with an emphasis on both patriotism and social concern for the “just managing” classes that echoes an earlier Toryism.
Now that the Tories seem likely to win the next two elections or so, we can expect a similar enveloping movement to the center. Analysts of the Brexit result usually point out that two-thirds of the Remain vote was drawn from elite, professional, and middle-class voters who would have been Conservative in previous generations. That’s true enough, and these voters seem to have seen EU membership as one expression of their class interest — not irrationally since the EU offered them well-paid employment and other benefits.
But this analysis rather glosses over the fact that one-third of these classes voted to Leave. That’s a lot of people in many different professions who are already sympathetic to the new emerging status quo. As Brexit develops under a Tory government, the bright Leavers will be the first people to seize the opportunities and join the new institutions that emerge to advance post-European Britain in whatever international contexts May negotiates in and outside Europe.
But they won’t be the last. Britain’s post-Brexit opportunities — and government itself — will exert a gravitational pull on other members of the Remain classes over time toward the broad-based conservatism that has achieved them. Opinion follows interest. That’s why it’s important for Mrs. May and her senior ministers to ensure that Brexit is less a narrower gate into Europe than a wider one into North America, Australia, Asia, and Africa. She should lose no time in making agreements with Washington, Canberra, Ottawa, and points east, west, north, and south. Paradoxically, they will strengthen her coalition at home.
Governing Britain is about more than Brexit, of course. Where else is Theresa May likely to take Britain if her modest little flutter of a gamble pays off? Only yesterday, before this surprise election announcement, Janan Ganesh asked and answered this question in the Financial Times. May is the daughter of a vicar and was, he thought, someone of firm and confident views drawn from a certain kind of Anglicanism:
These are not exactly my own views. I would prefer a more Thatcherite perspective on markets and dynamism. But they are not foolish, wicked, or dangerous. And they seem to fit the needs of this particular moment in Britain’s history. Mrs. May has shown courage and judgment in fighting for them. I hope she’s given the chance to put them into practice.
— John O’Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In 2011, Dennis Kucinich was still a Democratic congressman from Ohio. But he was not walking in lockstep with President Obama — at least not on Libya. True to his anti-war leanings, Kucinich was a staunch opponent of Obama’s unauthorized war against the Qaddafi regime.
Kucinich’s very public efforts included trying to broker negotiations between the administration and the Qaddafi regime, to whom the White House was turning a deaf ear. It was in that context that he took a call in his Washington office from Saif al-Islam Qaddafi, the ruler’s son and confidant. Four years later, as he recalled in a recent opinion piece, Kucinich learned that the call had been recorded and leaked to the Washington Times.
The former lawmaker believes the monitoring of his communication and the subsequent leak are the work of American intelligence agents.
To be sure, it is not a solid case. Kucinich is now a commentator at Fox News, on whose website he explains his side of the story, and on whose programming ardently pro-Trump contributors are a staple — including contributors who have been sympathetic to the new president’s claim that he was monitored by his predecessor. The gist of Kucinich’s piece is to “vouch for the fact that extracurricular surveillance does occur.” The express point is to counter the ridicule heaped on Trump’s claim that he personally was wiretapped at Trump Tower.
As we’ve repeatedly noted (see, e.g., here, here, and here), there is no known support for Trump’s narrow claim (made in a series of March 4 tweets). Yet, there is now overwhelming evidence that the Obama administration monitored Trump associates and campaign and transition officials. There were, moreover, leaks of classified information to the media — particularly in the case of Trump’s original national-security adviser, Michael Flynn, whose telephone communications with Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. were unlawfully disclosed to the Washington Post.
There is a question closely related to that of whether the Obama administration was guilty of a gross abuse of power — exploiting its foreign-intelligence-collection authority to keep tabs on its political opponents, thwarting and punishing their resistance. The question is: Did it start with Donald Trump?
The answer is no.
In an important analysis published by Tablet magazine, Lee Smith considers the likely abuse of foreign-intelligence-collection authority by the Obama administration in connection with negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program. The White House knew there would be vigorous Israeli opposition to the Iran deal — just as there was ardent American opposition to the highly objectionable pact. Notwithstanding that Israel is an important ally, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Ron Dermer, Israel’s ambassador to the U.S., became surveillance targets — agents of a foreign power, treated no differently under the law than such operatives of hostile foreign powers. Fair enough — it is simply a fact that allies occasionally spy on each other. Obviously, their interests sometimes diverge.
But there was something different about this monitoring initiative. It was not targeted merely at Israeli officials plotting their opposition strategy. The Wall Street Journal, Smith notes, reported in late December 2015 that the targeting “also swept up the contents of some of [the Israeli officials’] private conversations with U.S. lawmakers and American-Jewish groups.”
Smith continues:
That, of course, is the Russia issue. Kremlin subterfuge is incontestably a legitimate basis for intelligence collection — indeed, a compelling one. But even a compelling rationale can be used pretextually. Was Russia, and specifically the overwrought “Russia hacked the election” narrative, used as camouflage for what was actually a political spying operation?
Do you really think the Obama administration, which turned the Internal Revenue Service and the Justice Department into process cudgels for beating Obama detractors, would be above that sort of thing?
At her website, Sharyl Attkisson provides a very useful “Obama-era Surveillance Timeline” — with “surveillance” broadly construed to encompass many varieties of government power to collect and coerce the production of information. Attkisson notes, for example:
The IRS’s targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, a politicized initiative that stymied the groups’ ability to contest Obama’s reelection in 2012.
The administration’s targeting of journalists, including (a) attorney general Eric Holder’s approval of the seizure of personal and business phone records of Associated Press reporters en masse (i.e., not a particularized search targeting a specific journalist suspected of wrongdoing); and (b) Holder’s approval of a warrant targeting the e-mails of Fox News reporter James Rosen in a leak investigation — based on an application in which the government represented to a federal court that the journalist could be guilty of a felony violation of the Espionage Act in connection with a leak of classified information (in addition to purportedly being a “flight risk”).
The administration’s 2011 loosening of minimization procedures to enable more-liberal scrutiny of communications of American citizens incidentally swept up in foreign-intelligence gathering
The administration’s leaks to the media of sensitive government information in apparent retaliation against whistleblowers in the “Fast and Furious” scandal (a scandal in connection with which Holder, after misleading Congress about the “gun-walking” scheme, was ultimately held in contempt of Congress for stonewalling committee subpoenas).
The CIA’s accessing of Senate Intelligence Committee computers and staff e-mails — which CIA director John Brennan initially denied, then apologized for after it was confirmed by an inspector-general report.
The investigation of Trump associate Carter Page, including a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant based on the claim that Page was a Russian agent, which would have authorized monitoring of Page’s communications — including any with Trump, then the Republican nominee for president.
The criminal leaking to the media of former Trump national-security adviser Michael Flynn’s communications with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.
The “unmasking” of identities of Americans (connected to Trump) at the behest of Obama national-security adviser Susan Rice, a White House staffer and Obama confidant.
The promulgation in the last days of Obama’s presidency of new rules enabling the spreading of raw intelligence, including “unmasked” American identities, across the 17-agency U.S. “intelligence community” — which significantly increased the likelihood of leaks. At the same time, according to former Obama Defense Department official Evelyn Farkas, current and former Obama officials were encouraging the transmission of information regarding Trump and his associates to Capitol Hill, further magnifying the potential for leaking.
Ms. Attkisson also has her own story to tell. Formerly at CBS News, she was one of the few journalists at mainstream outlets who aggressively reported on the Fast and Furious scandal and the Benghazi massacre. In the latter, we recall, Rice and other Obama officials falsely told the public that the attack, which resulted in the killing of four Americans including the U.S. ambassador, grew out of spontaneous protest against an anti-Muslim video (rather than being a coordinated jihadist strike). The Obama administration later used its criminal-prosecution authority to trump up a case against its chosen scapegoat: the video producer.
Attkisson’s reporting prompted internal administration complaints that she was “out of control.”
Based on examinations by two forensic experts, Attkisson and CBS eventually reported that her personal and work computers were “accessed by an unauthorized, external, unknown party on multiple occasions.” Was this “unknown party” the government? The experts say it was a highly advanced intruder, which “used sophisticated methods to remove all possible indications of unauthorized activity.” Moreover, one computer was infiltrated remotely by the use of “new spy software proprietary to a federal agency.”
One of Attkisson’s sources — an unidentified “intelligence-connected” source who suggests that she has been under government surveillance — told her, as she puts it, that “the government has pushed the envelope like never before and that the public would be shocked to ‘learn the extent that the government is conducting surveillance of private citizens.’” According to Attkisson, the FBI opened an investigation of intrusions of her computer. Although the bureau contacted CBS, agents never contacted her, Attkisson reports. In addition, despite her numerous Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, the FBI is said to be withholding investigative information about her.
Is Kucinich another case in point? For now, it is impossible to say.
It is a good bet that the National Security Agency was monitoring the communications of Qaddafi’s son and other regime figures in 2011. If so, it is likely that then-congressman Kucinich was lawfully intercepted “incidentally.” It is also entirely possible, however, that the Libyans themselves were recording their conversations with prominent Americans and that the Kucinich–Qaddafi call was found after the regime fell.
The Washington Times reporters did not reveal to Kucinich how they had gotten the tape, but the paper’s related stories had referred to “secret audio recordings recovered from Tripoli.” Moreover, if the Obama administration had been behind a vindictive leak against Kucinich, one might have expected the leak to have happened in 2011, during Kucinich’s prominent opposition to the Libya war, rather than four years later, when the regime had long been toppled and Kucinich had retired from Congress.
On the other hand, Kucinich recounts that the recording is very clear on both ends (one might expect a Libyan recording would be distinctly clearer on the Libyan end). The Washington Times also does not seem the most natural destination for a secret disclosure from Libya. Furthermore, Kucinich explains, he made routine FOIA requests regarding information pertinent to him before leaving Congress in 2012. Although he did not learn of the recording until 2015, these FOIA requests would have covered his communication with Qaddafi, he adds. Kucinich says that some of the intelligence agencies have failed to respond.
On its own, Dennis Kucinich’s story would not be worth telling — not as a tale of political spying intrigue. But can it so easily be dismissed after the spying on American critics of the Iran deal? The measures taken to make “incidental” monitoring of Americans easier, its fruits far more widely disseminated and, inevitably, criminally leaked? The shocking abuse of IRS processes to collect information on, and procedurally persecute, Barack Obama’s political adversaries? Fast and Furious — the use of government police powers to create a political anti-gun narrative, then the contemptuous cover-up when it went horribly wrong, resulting in a Border Patrol officer’s death? The scandalous Benghazi cover-up — including a bogus prosecution of a pathetic video producer to help prop up the fraud? The monitoring of Trump associates and members of his campaign and transition staffs — the unmasking, the intentional wide dissemination of raw intelligence, the willful felony publication of classified information?
There is considerably more evidence that the Obama administration grossly abused its awesome intelligence-gathering and law-enforcement powers than that Russian meddling had a meaningful impact on the 2016 election. And these abuses of power certainly did not start with the targeting of Donald Trump’s campaign.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
Editor’s Note: This piece has been emended since its initial posting.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
During the campaign, Donald Trump published a “Contract with the American Voter,” and he may even have read it. He described the document as “my pledge to you.” If anybody had been listening, they might have learned from his former business partners what a Trump contract is worth and from his ex-wives what value he puts on a solemn pledge.
I have some bad news, Sunshine: Ya got took.
One of the items on Trump’s Contract with the American Voter was a reiteration of his vow to designate the People’s Republic of China a currency manipulator, which would enable the implementation of certain economic sanctions from the federal government. It was a dumb idea (every country that engages in monetary policy is a currency manipulator, “currency manipulator” being more or less Janet Yellen’s job description), but it was one that Trump stuck to — indeed, coming down on China for its economic policies is one of the few ideas to which Trump has consistently cleaved. (Before it was China, it was Japan, the other Asian Economic Superman that was going to eat our national lunch but never quite got around to doing so; India probably is next up for that dubious honor.) Every third word out of Trump’s mouth was “China.” And now? “They’re not currency manipulators,” he says.
Trump says this is just strategy, that China stopped manipulating its currency months ago; in reality, there has been no major change in Chinese monetary policy. He also says that bringing up the issue now would make it more difficult to get Beijing’s cooperation in dealing with North Korea. That is true. It was true six months ago. It was true six years ago. It may very well be true six years from now. This is a typical Trump pattern: Do nothing, declare the problem solved, claim victory. That isn’t deft diplomacy — it is a failure of nerve.
A few other things have come up: That wall across the entirety of the southern border that Mexico was going to pay for? Mexico isn’t paying for it, which is convenient for everybody, since it isn’t going to be built. There will be additional fencing put up, as there almost certainly would have been in any case, and the United States will pay for it. And John Kelly, homeland-security secretary, says that the wall in many places will not be a wall at all, but an array of “technological sensors.” Ryan Zinke, interior secretary, has been paying a little attention to the geographical arcana that escape the view from Fifth Avenue, including the fact that a very large portion of the border is a river. “What side of the river are you going to put the wall?” he asks, not unreasonably. “We’re not going to put it on our side and cede the river to Mexico. And we’re probably not going to put it in the middle of the river.” Wait until they hear about the Amistad Reservoir and the Santa Elena Canyon.
NATO was obsolete during the campaign. It has been un-obsoleted. Rush Limbaugh this week attempted to put the best spin on that, saying that Trump’s anti-NATO position was only a bargaining tactic, a successful ploy to get NATO members to up their military spending to the 2 percent of GDP they’ve all agreed to. He cited NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg’s statement earlier this week that NATO members are finally getting serious about their commitments. One problem with that line of argument: They aren’t actually doing it. Setting aside the question of whether that 2 percent agreement is in fact sensible and appropriate, NATO members are not living up to it and they are not going to live up to it. Germany, which has Europe’s largest national economy and was long the dominant military power on the Continent, is spending about 1.2 percent of GDP on defense — and that after a large increase this year. There is no radical increase even under discussion. Europe’s second-largest economy is that of France, a big military spender by European standards, but one in which military spending is under 2 percent and likely to stay there. Only two credible global military players in NATO — the United States and the United Kingdom — spend 2 percent or more; when something goes wrong in the world, no one shouts: “For the love of God, call the Greeks! Call the Estonians! Call the Poles!” in spite of their respective military outlays of 2.4, 2.2, and 2 percent of GDP. A few NATO members — the ones nearest Russia — expect to be up to 2 percent soon. Good on Latvia and Lithuania, but that’s hardly a diplomatic triumph for the United States.
No fighting China on currency, no wall, no NATO reform. Add a few more items to the list: Janet Yellen was definitely out before she wasn’t; our relationship with Russia was “great” during the campaign but today is a “horrible relationship” that is “at an all-time low” (he may not know about the Cuban missile crisis); the president could not make war on Syria without congressional approval (“big mistake if he does not!”) until he could. The Affordable Care Act remains the law of the land. Steve Bannon of Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn of Goldman Sachs, Steven Mnuchin of Goldman Sachs, and Dina Powell of Goldman Sachs are firmly ensconced in their various roles throughout the Trump administration. The alt-right basement-dwellers and sundry knuckleheads beamed that Trump was going to be a “nationalist,” and that he would give the boot to coastal elitists, moderates, and Ivy League snoots. In reality, Trump is a New York Democrat who is being advised by other New York Democrats — Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner prominent among them — who are more or less the sort of people who brought you the Obama and Clinton administrations: business-friendly corporate Democrats, people who think of themselves as post-ideological pragmatists, consensus progressives who are much more interested in opening up backdoor channels to Planned Parenthood than they are in the priorities of people they consider nothing more than a bunch of snake-handling rustics and talk-radio listeners stockpiling gold coins and freeze-dried ice cream in their basements. Trump was a Clinton donor and a Chuck Schumer donor, and he is acting like one.  
Surprise.
Rush Limbaugh was right in his way: What Trump said during the campaign was, in fact, a load of nonsense deployed for the purposes of steamrolling the other side in difficult and delicate negotiations. What Limbaugh and the rest of Trump’s admirers missed is that it wasn’t NATO and the Chi-Coms and Enrique Peña Nieto on the other side of the negotiating table getting hornswoggled.
It was them.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Tomorrow, school choice will have its most important court date since 2002. Fifteen years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Zelman v. Simmons-Harris that voucher programs that include religious schools do not violate the First Amendment’s establishment clause. In a pivotal win for school choice, the majority judged that there is no violation of the establishment clause so long as students are free to choose among sectarian and non-sectarian options.
When the Court hears oral arguments in Trinity Lutheran Church v. Pauley tomorrow, it will be positioned to issue a decisive bookend to Zelman. In Trinity Lutheran, the Court will decide whether explicitly excluding religious options from public-aid programs violates the First Amendment’s free-exercise clause and the Fourteenth Amendment’s equal-protection clause. In other words, having determined in Zelman that states are constitutionally permitted to include religious schools in school-choice programs, the Court will now decide whether states are prohibited from discriminating against religious schools when providing public services.
As summarized by SCOTUSblog, Trinity Lutheran Church v. Pauley began in 2012. Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia, Mo., which operates a daycare and pre-school, applied to a state grant program that helps non-profits pay to install rubber playground surfaces. The Missouri Department of Natural Resources denied Trinity Lutheran’s application, despite having ranked it fifth out of 44 submissions in a competition that resulted in 14 grants. The department said it was obliged to reject Trinity Lutheran’s bid because a provision in the Missouri state constitution bars the state from providing funds to religious entities. Trinity Lutheran sued in federal district court, arguing that its exclusion was a violation of free-exercise and equal-protection rights.
The district court rejected Trinity Lutheran’s claims, ruling that to do otherwise would raise “antiestablishment concerns.” As justification, the court cited the Supreme Court’s ruling in Locke v. Davey (2004), which allowed Washington State to deny public scholarship funding for devotional-theology degrees. On appeal, in a divided decision, the Eighth Circuit also cited Locke in upholding the district court’s ruling. Now, Trinity Lutheran hopes for a different outcome at the Supreme Court.
At issue is Missouri’s so-called Blaine amendment — a provision added to many state constitutions in the late 1800s as part of the anti-Catholic response to the nation’s then-fledgling parochial-school system. These provisions were named after Speaker of the House James G. Blaine, who in 1875 proposed an amendment to the U.S. Constitution stipulating that “no money raised by taxation in any State for the support of public schools . . . shall ever be under the control of any religious sect.” Though Blaine’s proposal narrowly failed, falling short of the necessary two-thirds vote in the Senate by only four votes, his imitators were more successful in the states. Eventually, as many as 40 states had adopted Blaine amendments or passed similar laws. Today, Blaine amendments are still on the books in some 37 states.
The discriminatory origin of Blaine amendments has been widely recognized, including by three sitting Supreme Court justices. In Mitchell v. Helms (2000), a plurality opinion authored by Justice Clarence Thomas and joined by Justice Anthony Kennedy condemned the “shameful pedigree” of Blaine amendments, which “arose at a time of pervasive hostility to the Catholic Church,” when “it was an open secret that ‘sectarian’ was code for ‘Catholic.’” The plurality held that “this doctrine, born of bigotry, should be buried now.” In his Zelman dissent, Justice Stephen Breyer traced that history of anti-Catholic sentiment and observed that 19th-century Protestants sought to “preserve their domination” of public schooling. This historical context matters, as laws born of discriminatory intent are subject to strict scrutiny and thus unlikely to survive judicial review. (For more on this, see Erica Smith’s overview in the Federalist Society Review.)
Despite Trinity Lutheran’s setbacks so far, there are good reasons to believe that the Supreme Court may prove more amenable to its argument — particularly with the addition of Justice Neil Gorsuch, who has shown strong deference to free exercise in past rulings. In Locke, the key precedent cited by both lower courts, the Court held that Washington’s constitutional provision was not a Blaine amendment (among other things, it was more narrowly drafted) and thus did not merit strict scrutiny. On the other hand, Trinity Lutheran makes a strong case that Missouri’s provision — enacted in 1875, the same year Blaine proposed his federal amendment — has a “credible connection” to that religious bigotry. An amicus brief by the Becket Fund also compellingly argues that the lower-court rulings are inconsistent with the principle of government neutrality toward religion that the Court has long recognized.
Trinity Lutheran could have profound implications for school choice. Opponents have long used Blaine-amendment language as a cudgel with which to attack voucher programs, tax-credit scholarships, and education-savings accounts. In the past two years alone, Blaine amendments have been used to challenge the constitutionality of school-choice programs in Alabama, Georgia, Oklahoma, and Colorado. A victory for Trinity Lutheran would fundamentally alter the landscape of school choice — at precisely the moment when choice has moved to the forefront of the education debate due to Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and the choice-friendly Trump administration.
While there are long and sensible debates to be had over how best to design and deliver school choice, tomorrow’s case is more straightforward. After all, it’s hard to see how one squares Blaine-amendment prohibitions with any meaningful respect for religious liberty. Blaine amendments are expressly designed to burden free exercise by ensuring that states cannot help make religious schooling more affordable — a weight that falls most heavily on poor parents. This burden is especially troubling given that many public schools have unapologetically taken sides in some of today’s most sensitive debates.
The Supreme Court’s verdict in this playground tussle just may strike a powerful blow for school choice across the land.
— Frederick M. Hess is director of education-policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Grant Addison is a research assistant at AEI.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
L’Affaire Kaepernick is winding down with humiliating defeat facing those athletes, and the jock-sniffing courtiers surrounding them, who publicly disrespected the American flag. About all that is left is for the losers to complain that the winners are hypocrites.
A particularly high-pitched whine was heard from the general vicinity of an adamantly woke baseball writer, Craig Calcaterra of NBC Sports (whose Twitter bio, incidentally, misattributes a quote to Orwell in an effort to steal a bit of truth-telling credibility):
This was a bitter way of complimenting the efforts of Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who made a show of refusing to stand for the National Anthem before games last fall, meekly promised not to do it again when he found himself in need of a job during the off-season, and today remains unemployed and widely loathed by NFL owners. Kaepernick, Calcaterra implies, is just as entitled to show disrespect for the flag as other sports figures are entitled to show respect for it.
Unfortunately for Calcaterra, saluting the flag is not as political as turning one’s back on it, because the flag itself isn’t political. Rather, the flag stands for the American ideal, and while we can all disagree about how well we have lived up to the principles comprising that ideal, only extremists would decry the principles themselves. Kaepernick said he took a knee during the National Anthem as a gesture of solidarity for, and concern about, black Americans mistreated by police. His error was in conflating the actions of a few errant police officers with America itself. His protest was therefore rightly seen by many football fans as outrageous, a slander as indefensible as saying black Americans in general should be disrespected because of the criminal actions of a minority of blacks.
When Americans in positions of power mistreat blacks — and there is much such mistreatment to be concerned about — it is not a failure of American ideals but a failure to live up to them. The flag stands for, among other constitutional principles, due process, equal protection under the law, and protection from unreasonable search and seizure. To the extent that police aren’t living up to these precepts, they need to be more American. But to say that the American flag represents oppression of minorities is fatuous. You might as well claim the Soviet flag represents great writing because Boris Pasternak lived under it.
Showing pride in the flag does not mean support for every political decision that’s ever been made in America, and how could it? We salute the flag when we like the occupant of the Oval Office, and we salute the flag when the president is someone we despise. We salute the flag regardless of what we think of America’s latest military action or the Supreme Court’s latest decision.
Calcaterra, meanwhile, bristles when policy disagreements are characterized as more or less patriotic. “You can be accused of being in league with ISIS for disagreeing about the ideal rate of taxation for certain brackets,” he says in a follow-up essay. Well, you could, but that would be absurd. Just as the flag could be misused to, say, tar all opponents of a given war as anti-American, a baseball bat could be misused to hit a person. There is no equivalence between a flag being used in its proper nonpartisan manner and the Kaepernickian choice to damn it, in the process bringing bitter partisan disputes into the ballpark.
Standing for the National Anthem may make some Americans misty-eyed, but for others it need not mean much more than a handshake, a minimal gesture of goodwill. At a routine meeting, you would shake the hand of almost anyone who offered it. A handshake requires so little moral investment that to refuse one would require extraordinary circumstances. I personally wouldn’t shake hands with a murderer, though some would. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump loathe each other, yet even they shook hands at the latter’s inauguration. Pointedly refusing to shake someone’s proffered hand may reasonably be labeled an insult. In the same way, saluting the flag and not saluting the flag are not equivalent. The former is the civic equivalent of simple good manners. The latter is a specific, targeted show of contempt and extremism.
Assailed by rude remarks, Calcaterra replied weakly, with buckets of ad hominem snark — “Your avatar is literally a distortion of the American flag designed to make a political point,” he told one detractor — and a very left-wing mix of defiance and cowering. In one post, he bragged about seeking protection behind the skirts of the nearest mommy figure, the Twitter standards police. “You know stuff is lit if even Twitter thinks people stepped out of line,” he wrote, pasting in triumph a copy of a note from Twitter apparently granting his request to sanction someone for being mean to him. Here at last Calcaterra brings to mind, if not Orwell himself, at least an Orwell character, from the boarding-school essay, “Such, Such Were the Joys.” She is “the grim statuesque matron, Daphne by name,” who rousted the surprised boy from bed, screaming, “Report yourself to the headmaster after breakfast!”
Calcaterra et al. may have lost the Great Sports and Flags Debate of 2016–17, but at least they can settle for getting some citizens reported to Twitter’s speech commissars.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.



ARTICLE
Once again, the Trumpophobic Left has proved that it will not give President Donald J. Trump credit for anything, not even erasing Islamofascist killers who are the sworn enemies of every American — even those who despise Trump.
Acting on what President Trump called his “total authorization,” the United States armed forces on Thursday dropped a GBU 43/B device onto a maze of tunnels and bunkers occupied by ISIS terrorists in eastern Afghanistan’s Nangahar Province. This Massive Ordnance Air Blast weapon affectionately is nicknamed the Mother of All Bombs (MOAB). America’s most powerful non-atomic armament blasted these catacombs of hate with the equivalent of eleven tons of TNT.
The delightful result: destruction of this terror facility, along with at least 36 ISIS murderers, who were blown to bits, crushed beneath the cascading rubble, or otherwise liquidated. President Trump called this raid “very, very successful.”
(Afghan officials said Sunday that the MOAB killed at least 94 ISIS members. Regardless, unless otherwise indicated, this opinion piece reflects the earlier, more conservative death toll.)
While Americans widely applauded this development, President Trump’s foes lined up to denounce this great news — and on the unlikeliest grounds: It cost too much.
These liberals didn’t utter a peep as Obama exploded America’s national debt from $10.62 trillion to $19.95 trillion — an 87.85 percent boom. Suddenly, as Business Insider observed, they had a collective spasm of fiscal conservatism and excoriated Trump via social media for what they consider the Mother of All Expenditures.
• “The ‘mother of all bombs’ dropped today in Afghanistan cost the US taxpayer $314 million,” James Melville moaned via Twitter. “And yet America can’t afford meals on wheels.”
• “Not 1 person in gov’t, can tell me this country doesn’t have enough money to fund social programs or water,” Tika Sumpter complained. “We just dropped 314 million.”
• “Useful context,” cracked Ian Millhiser. “Also, still a sh** load of money to spend on a mass killing authorized by a game show host.”
These and several comments got repeated across social media. This ignited news stories and additional comments, and — as happens too often these days — a manufactured controversy soon raged.
These liberal whiners totally miscalculated the cost of the MOAB that America lobbed at these bloodthirsty, anti-Semitic, homophobic, sadistic, homicidal ISIS scum. The price tag is not $314 million. Initial reports placed the price at $314 million for 20 MOABs, or about $16 million each. The Air Force announced on Friday, however, that each MOAB costs just $170,000.
Oops!
So, for $170,000, President Trump vaporized no fewer than 36 ISIS murderers. That equals $4,722 per dead ISIS terrorist. By any measure, that is a bargain.
SLIDESHOW: The ‘Mother of All Bombs’
Given that any one of these ISIS butchers could drive a truck bomb into a U.S. military base in Afghanistan, level the American embassy in Pakistan, or fly to Mexico, run across the southern “border,” and detonate a bus full of American schoolchildren, these taxpayer dollars were spent beautifully.
If the early reports of each MOAB costing $16 million had remained accurate, it would have cost $445,000 per dead ISIS murderer. Since this price was too high for President Trump’s relentless critics, one wonders what figure would have satisfied them. $200,000? $100,000? $4,722?
Rather than focus on the cost per neutralized terrorist, consider the price for each person whom this action kept alive and well. If each of those ISIS killers would have murdered just one man, woman, or child, it would have made sense to spend $445,000 to keep each potential ISIS victim breathing and happy. Of course, the more people these dead ISIS killers would have snuffed out, the lower the outlay per individual shielded from the fatal effects of militant Islam. Only the most hidebound pacifist could complain about $4,722 to extinguish a homicidal ISIS maniac.
(If Afghan authorities are correct, and the MOAB exterminated 94 ISIS parasites, that equals a mere $1,808.50 per ISIS bacterium. At that price, an individual personally could afford to sponsor the removal of one of these fanatics. Imagine: “This ISIS killer’s demise is brought to you by Mrs. Glenda Miller of Kalamazoo, Mich.”)
Another maddening aspect of this story is how the Left erupted without nailing down several basic facts. As the Daily Caller noted, none other than Edward Snowden kept the $314 million snowball rolling when he wrote on Thursday: “The bomb dropped today in the middle of nowhere, Afghanistan, cost $314,000,000.” He, in turn, cited a Los Angeles Times article, which also was wrong.
Even worse than botching the cost of each MOAB by 1,847-fold, major news organizations initially claimed that the MOAB was nearly as powerful as “Little Boy,” the atomic bomb that President Harry Truman dropped on Hiroshima, Japan, in August 1945. USA Today offered its readers a detailed graphic comparing the Hiroshima device and the MOAB. It claimed that Little Boy’s blast equivalent was 15 tons of TNT versus 11 tons for MOAB. In other words, President Trump slammed ISIS and eastern Afghanistan with 73 percent of the firepower that Truman rained down on Hiroshima.
Um, just one problem:
Little Boy leveled Hiroshima with the equivalent of 15,000 tons of TNT. So, USA Today was off by only a factor of 1,000. Thus, Trump hammered ISIS with a blow equal to 0.073 percent of Truman’s hit on Hirohito.
USA Today corrected this mistake. Nonetheless, the Media Research Center’s Tom Blumer calls it Trump Derangement Syndrome when a leading news outlet makes this contrast in the first place.
“USA Today’s error gives away the fact that someone there actually believed that the U.S. military under Donald Trump — but not requiring his permission — dropped a bomb 73 percent as destructive as the Hiroshima A-bomb,” Blumer observed. “Further, those involved in reviewing the graphic before or perhaps immediately after it went live, which one would hope included reporters Jim Michaels and Tom Vanden Brook, either agreed with that comparison or were too naive to question it.”
Ironically, if President Trump had not pounded these vermin with a MOAB, and they successfully slaughtered Americans in Afghanistan or on U.S. soil, the very same people who slam Trump today would scream: “Trump didn’t keep us safe! Trump failed! Impeach Trump!” Their story would flip 180 degrees more swiftly than a pancake on the griddle at Denny’s.
Finally, it is impossible to calculate the priceless value of what America gained by showing Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, and Islamofascists everywhere that Obama’s tough-as-Kleenex policies are kaput, and America once again has a commander-in-chief who is worthy of that title.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff provided research for this opinion piece.



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: Jay Nordlinger began this journal yesterday. For Part I, go here.
On this campus, there is a carillon — or should I say “bell tower”? Is there a difference? I suppose there is. In any event, I think a carillon, or bell tower, should be a staple of campuses, like a football field.
My hometown of Ann Arbor, Mich., had a carillon (and has). And a football field. (You may have heard of the latter.)
I have said “On this campus.” But in Part I of this journal, I mentioned that the Claremont consortium has five colleges, plus two graduate schools. Which campus am I on now? Which one has the bell tower? As an ingénu — can you say that? — I don’t know.
There is a baseball diamond. Dreamy. Ideal. Bordered by cypresses — unless I’ve missed the arboreal mark. I’m not an expert. Anyway, the kind of tree you see in Leonardo’s paintings. I’m so glad that soccer hasn’t taken over altogether …
I see a Peter Drucker School of Management. He was a big deal when I was coming of age. I used to confuse him with another Peter, relating to business: J. Peter Grace. He of the Grace Commission.
Get a load of this: “They only are loyal to this college who, departing, bear their added riches in trust for mankind.”
Doesn’t it make your heart leap? Doesn’t it seem like a sentiment, or a principle, or a conviction, from a thousand years ago? It is inscribed in a gate. Uttered by James Arnold Blaisdell, a minister who was a president of Pomona College.
Got another one for you: “This building is a symbol of a house not made with hands wherein shall dwell the spirit of truth, justice, and comradeship.”
That’s Ellen Browning Scripps, the newspaper dynamo who founded Scripps College. She is from a different planet — a lovely, great planet.
Get a load of this: “Confident of a future beyond their span of life,” some people donated land. These words are on a plaque. The idea is terribly unmodern — which is a high compliment, certainly from me, certainly in this instance.
I was reading not long ago about people who, sometime in the 19th century, I believe, planted what would become an allée. They wouldn’t see it. The next generation wouldn’t see it. But the one after that would (if I recall correctly).
Do people still do that? I hope so.
I buy a cap with an animal on it. A mascot. What is it? The clerk doesn’t know. But another one does. It is a sage hen. It’s the symbol of Pomona and Pitzer colleges, which combine in sports, it seems.
What’s a sage hen? Google tells me it’s a sage grouse. What’s a sage grouse? Well, a wise grouse, I suppose.
When he was a young professor — the only kind of professor he ever was — Henry Kissinger ran a summer seminar on politics. Or international relations. I can’t remember, exactly. Anyway, this was at Harvard.
One of Kissinger’s guests was William F. Buckley Jr. Kissinger, WFB would later say, wanted to introduce the kids to exotic specimens in the American political zoo.
Here at Claremont, I sit in on a class taught by Jon Shields, a professor of government. He is a dream of a professor — by which I mean this: He assigns readings from Left and Right, on topics of importance. Who does that? Doesn’t everyone have his thumb on the scale, or his whole, jumping body? Not Shields.
As a rule, I find it enjoyable to be around college students. But they sometimes pick up the strangest notions. And they are so sure of them.
I have to remember, I picked up some strange notions, too. (Some people contend I still have them.) And I’m sure I was very sure about them.
Which makes me wince.
In recent days, there has been some excitement here at Claremont. It happened when Heather Mac Donald came to town. I wrote about it here, in a blogpost. In brief: Heather (an exemplary scholar and writer, and a friend of mine) was subject to mob action. The chanting, howling, ignorant, hateful mob prevented her from speaking. Or rather, it prevented people from entering the building — the Athenaeum — to hear her speak.
Some people were inside the hall already, as I understand it. She spoke to them.
If you and I prevent someone from hearing a speaker, I think we should be expelled. We should be expelled before the sun sets. Or if the sun has set already, we should be expelled before it rises again.
Illiberalism should not be allowed to gain a foothold on a college campus. Instead, of course, it dominates many a campus.
I, too, will speak at the Athenaeum. By the way, how do you pronounce that word? What do you do about “ae”? I say “ee” — as in Ath-uh-NEE-um. But people at Claremont, and most places in America, I think, say “Ath-uh-NAY-um.”
Nobody, anywhere, says “aljay.” They say “algee” (for “algae”). Also, nobody orders a Little Sayzer’s pizza.
Anyway, end of language note.
My talk is titled “Politics on Campus: Yes and No.” (For the most part, I say no.) This title was chosen several months ago. The timing of the talk seems right, however.
Before the formalities begin, there is dinner — a lovely Indian dinner. Actually, the dinner has a formality, in this respect: The food is served buffet-style, and the evening’s speaker, by tradition, is first in line. I find this a bit awkward. But you don’t have to twist my arm too much.
The food is Indian, I should say, at my request. And my hosts at Claremont are superb. Priya Junnar, the director at the Athenaeum, sets a gold standard.
I sit at a table with students, who ask me what I plan to say on the platform. I reply that I’ll give a kind of plea for relief from politics. Not everything need be political. I mention that, when I was in college, there was a slogan: “The personal is the political.” This, I rejected, emphatically.
Indeed, I think it’s an indication of a totalitarian mindset — the mindset that blights, and straitjackets, unfortunate countries the world over.
Students at my table disagree: For them, the personal is the political. Music, sports, the whole nine yards. Politics is inseparable from life. It permeates the air, 24/7. It is a constant, and to think it can be otherwise is naïve.
Uh-oh.
There is no mob at this talk. No chanting, no blocking. I’m almost insulted. What am I, conservative chopped liver?
My talk is essentially straight liberalism — at least liberalism of the old school. It is a plea for toleration and pluralism. What we used to call “liberal values” — including diversity, chiefly diversity of thought.
I’m an awfully political guy, as I tell the students. More political than is healthful. I’m a political journalist, a political junkie, a political this and that. Peter Collier’s biography of Jeane Kirkpatrick is called “Political Woman.” To a degree — too large a one, I think — I’m a political man.
But I also know that politics is not the be-all, end-all. In fact, that’s one reason I’m a conservative. I believe there ought to be areas of life free from politics. I don’t believe that politics should be allowed to taint everything — friendship, for example.
I also think that students should be able to experience college relatively unbedeviled, and unconsumed, by politics. At least politics of a partisan variety, to say nothing of a tribal one. College is a time for learning: for reading widely, for discovery, for being exposed to everything, for soaking things up, for building a foundation, for maturing. There’ll be time enough for politics later on (believe me).
Plus — this is something you can’t say to students — what do you really know, when you’re in college? You’re barely out of the gates. You may think that you’re Montesquieu, but you’re more like … well, Montesquieu’s college-aged kid (without the benefit of having sat at papa’s knee).
Anyway, I would have thought that my talk was uncontroversial, unobjectionable — tame and bland, even. A bunch of liberal platitudes. But what is innocuously liberal to you and me might be offensively right-wing, or something, to others.
I’ll continue tomorrow. Thanks and see you.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
The Huffington Post South Africa defended publishing a controversial piece — which argued that white men should lose the right to vote — only for it to turn out to be a hoax written by a troll under a fake identity.
The initial post (archive), published Thursday, was titled, “Could It Be Time To Deny White Men the Franchise?” and purportedly written by a feminist philosophy student named “Shelley Garland.” 
“Some of the biggest blows to the progressive cause in the past year have often been due to the votes of white men,” the piece stated. “If white men were not allowed to vote, it is unlikely that the United Kingdom would be leaving the European Union, it is unlikely that Donald Trump would now be the President of the United States, and it is unlikely that the Democratic Alliance would now be governing four of South Africa’s biggest cities.”
  “If white men no longer had the vote, the progressive cause would be strengthened. It would not be necessary to deny white men indefinitely — the denial of the vote to white men for 20 years (just less than a generation) would go some way to seeing a decline in the influence of reactionary and neo-liberal ideology in the world,” it continued, adding that although “it may be unfair . . .  a moratorium on the franchise for white males for a period of between 20 and 30 years is a small price to pay for the pain inflicted by white males on others.”
Not surprisingly, the piece caused a widespread backlash, with outlets including the Washington Free Beacon, the Daily Caller, and NewsBusters covering it. But then, according to local news source The Citizen, a writer and editor in Cape Town named Laura Twigg did some investigating and found out that there was no record of this “Shelley Garland” at the University of Johannesburg, where she had claimed to be studying — and the whole thing fell apart. 
HuffPo SA editor-in-chief Verashni Pillay published piece on Saturday announcing that it had taken Garland’s initial post down, acknowledging that Garland “appears not to exist” and promising to require bloggers to “verify themselves” in the future. 
Now, presumably, Twigg had decided to look into the piece because she had found the content to be particularly shocking. But HuffPo South Africa didn’t find it shocking. In fact, before it was revealed to be a hoax, Pillay had published a piece (archive) defending the publication of Garland’s work. In the piece, Pillay explained that although HuffPo SA “doesn’t necessarily . . . agree or endorse everything in Garland’s blog” — adding that the purpose of the publication’s “Voices section is to invite a wide array of voices and views” — she was very surprised to see that it had sparked such an outrage. 
“Garland’s underlying analysis about the uneven distribution of wealth and power in the world is pretty standard for feminist theory,” Pillay wrote. 
“In that sense, there was nothing in the article that should have shocked or surprised anybody (or so we thought.) It would appear that perhaps much of the outcry derives from a very poor reading of the article — or perhaps none at all,” she continued. “Dismantling the patriarchal systems that have brought us to where we are today, a world where power is wielded to dangerous and destructive ends by men, and in particular white men, necessarily means a loss of power to those who hold it.”
(Yes, Pillay actually criticized other people for their “very poor reading of the article.” It’s almost too rich. Oh, and as for Pillay’s defense that HuffPo’s “Voices” page simply contains a “wide array of voices and views”? Well, that’s a joke. I feel confident in saying that there’s absolutely no way that an even potentially controversial piece from a conservative perspective would ever have been published, because I can’t remember the last time I’ve seen a conservative piece on that page at all. Maybe it’s happened, who knows, but there’s no question that “wide array of voices and views” means “wide array of voices with liberal views.” Which is fine, have whatever slant you want, but at least own it.)
Make no mistake: If Pillay really did believe that she had no idea that Garland’s idea would create so much controversy, then she must be pretty tone-deaf. Yes, it is true that race-based institutional inequality is a problem, and that it’s a problem that bloggers often write about. But writing about these problems and their potential legal solutions is a completely different thing than earnestly suggesting that half of an entire racial group lose the right to vote for two decades.
The right to vote is a particularly sacred thing. In her whoops-we-messed-up piece, Pillay herself makes sure to state that HuffPost SA “stands aligned to the Constitutional values of South Africa, particularly the Preamble of our Constitution which states that: ‘We the people of South Africa believe that South Africa belongs to all who live in it, united in our diversity.’” 
“We further understand that universal enfranchisement followed a long struggle and we fully support this,” the post added. 
Here’s the thing, though: An understanding of that “universal enfranchisement” and “long struggle” is exactly what led so many people to be shocked and outraged by Garland’s piece. It wasn’t just acknowledging problems or looking for solutions. Hell, it wasn’t even examining the theoretical merits of an extra-constitutional solution from a philosophical perspective. It was written as a sincere, unapologetic suggestion that a significant percentage of the country be stripped of their constitutional right to vote. Of course that’s going to get a powerful reaction — and, if Pillay really did understand voting rights the way she insists that she does, then she would have expected as much herself.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If the media accurately and comprehensively reported on leftist mob violence, it would see that a pattern has emerged: On campus and in the streets, a violent or menacing core seizes the ground it wants, blocks access to buildings, and shuts down the speech or events it seeks to suppress. This violent core is often surrounded and protected by a larger group of ostensibly “peaceful” protesters who sometimes cheer aggression wildly and then provide cover for the rioters, who melt back into the crowd. After the riot, the polite progressives condemn the violence, urge that it not distract from the alleged rightness of the underlying cause, and then do virtually nothing to enforce the law and punish the offenders.
We’ve seen this play out time and again as mobs shut down campus speech, occupy campus buildings, and even assault innocent people — all without facing any real fear of arrest or meaningful punishment. In the aftermath of the Middlebury College incident, where protesters blocked Charles Murray from speaking, surrounded his car as he tried to leave, and sent a professor to the hospital, academics from across the political spectrum said all the right things. But the authorities have so far done nothing. Conservative Princeton professor Robert George has taken to tweeting a daily reminder that the mob is still winning:
At Berkeley, a mob blocked Milo Yiannopolous from speaking, before going on a violent rampage that included arson, smashed windows, and assault on innocent bystanders. Americans were pepper-sprayed and beaten for the “crime” of supporting Donald Trump while the police stood idly by, letting the riot play out before arresting a grand total of one person.
Urban and academic progressive leaders can respond to violence with all the scolding tweets, sternly worded statements, and calls for calm they want. But until those who break the law and violate university policies are aggressively brought to justice, it won’t matter. As long as those who preside over our most prominent academic institutions continue to heed leftist threats and attacks rather than stand up for peaceful conservative speech, the rule of law will remain abandoned in favor of the mob’s agenda. And history proves that once a government abandons the rule of law, it has a hard time controlling the consequences.
Case in point: this weekend’s battle in Berkeley.
Saturday, we saw more clashes in what now threatens to become an increasingly vicious, violent war for control of America’s streets. Leftist “antifa” or “black bloc” rioters met pro-Trump “Oath Keepers,” bikers, and alt-right goons in a barely contained battle royale, with assaults and beatings streamed live and posted to YouTube. Police struggled to control the violence and often appeared completely absent as brawls broke out across entire city blocks. By the end of the fighting, Mother Jones reporter Shane Bauer said, “Militias, alt-right, nazis etc. won today in Berkeley. They outnumbered the opposition, pushed it back, and held downtown.”
We are now teetering on the edge of a truly terrifying incident, one trigger-pull away from a slaughter. Campus and urban progressives have a choice to make. Is this a nation of laws? If it is, then it’s time to grow a backbone, protect free speech, punish rioters, and expel those who disrupt the educational environment regardless of ideology. There should be no more sympathy or leniency for the lawless social-justice warrior than there is for the lawless neo-Nazi.
Every single time the progressive establishment ignores, minimizes, or whitewashes leftist violence, it sows the wind. Americans have watched mobs attack police and burn buildings in Baltimore, Ferguson, Charlotte, and Minneapolis. They have watched mobs riot over politics and free speech in Middlebury, Berkeley, Portland, Chicago, and Los Angeles. Is anyone at all shocked that when the police hang back, others will step into the void? Leftists are fond of saying “violence begets violence.” If we don’t restore the rule of law, we’ll all find out just how right they are.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The inability of the Left and the alt-right to view Trump’s decisions outside the context of conspiracy theories illustrates the derangement of political discourse
Explaining President Donald Trump’s willingness to abandon positions he took during the election campaign now that he’s in office shouldn’t be that difficult. Those not overthinking the problem understand that Trump cares nothing for consistency or ideology. But that hasn’t stopped many on both ends of the political spectrum from interpreting his changes of heart on Syria, Russia, and China solely through a conspiratorial mindset in which he can be depicted as either Moscow’s puppet or the cat’s-paw of Wall Street or of his son-in-law Jared Kushner. In doing so, they are showing us that our political culture’s most toxic problem isn’t so much the fault of a president who doesn’t conform to traditional behavior as it is polarized ideologues whose only answer to a complex and confusing world is to see it through the prisms of their own bogeymen.
Trump embarked on a presidential campaign without a record to run on and generally stuck to generalities and slogans, rather than issuing position papers, as most candidates have traditionally done. We associated Trumpism with an “America First” isolationism on foreign policy and trade and building a wall that he said Mexico would pay for. The only real substance of his campaign was resentment of political elites and a belief that America was being taken advantage of by friends and allies.
Viewed in perspective and stripped of the efforts of political opponents and supporters to define him in a way that was more about bolstering their own ideological positions, Trump, it’s easy now to see, was always unmoored to any fixed position other than a commitment to his own advancement. He was neither liberal nor conservative but a populist — which means he was always likely to do anything he perceived to be popular no matter what he had said about the subject previously. If what little record he had didn’t conform to his current positions, he simply falsified the record, as when he insisted that he had always opposed the Iraq war. His current ludicrous claim that he is responsible for NATO’s devoting more resources to fighting terror, even though that change happened years ago, is just the latest example of his determination never to acknowledge mistakes or that he has changed his positions.
But rather than acknowledge that the Trump administration is either a work in progress or an improvisation with no consistent theme, his embittered foes and disillusioned supporters are heading down the conspiracy rabbit hole.
Trump’s convention acceptance speech and inaugural address gave us good reason to believe “America First” contempt for traditional foreign-policy priorities would be the template for his administration. But while those ideas do reflect the beliefs of Steve Bannon and supposed Trump true believers then ascendant in the president’s inner circle, it was clearly always a mistake to assume that that or any other set of principles would guide his decisions. He warned us that he would be flexible and unpredictable, and that is exactly what he has become.
When presented with the horrors of the Assad regime’s chemical attack and proof that the Russians were complicit in the crime, Trump discarded his seeming crush on Moscow. Listening to the reports of his military advisers, he may also have started to catch on that letting the Russians have their way in Syria was antithetical to any hope of defeating ISIS or containing Iran. That led to the U.S. attack on Syria as well as to a willingness to confront rather than enable Vladimir Putin’s desire to reassemble the old Soviet empire.
But to left-wing commentators like those on MSNBC, the simple explanation that Trump just changed his mind won’t wash. For Rachel Maddow, Lawrence O’Donnell, and Chris Matthews, the attack on Syria was merely a subterfuge to distract the country from the claims that Trump is an agent of Russian influence. Keith Olbermann calls it all a “stunt.” Unable to wrap their brains around the fact that Trump was never wedded to any set of ideas about how to conduct foreign policy, they can only explain it as a conspiracy, the switch from Bannon’s point of view to one that reflects that of the generals and ex-military men who currently appear to have the president’s ear.
Liberal belief in the concept of the Trump presidency as a Russian plot is part wishful thinking: If the “Manchurian Candidate” theory could be validated, it might make the bad dream go away. It’s also a way to avoid confronting the reality of the Democrats’ defeat and of their need to rethink their political strategy of locking themselves into a policy of all-out “resistance” rather than normal opposition. Democrats may pray that the FBI finds proof to justify their allegations, but even if none ever surfaces, many of them will not drop their belief in the conspiracy, since doing so would mean accepting that Trump can’t be wished away or treated as an illegitimate president. Nor will his ability to turn against the Russians and adopt what is, for all intents and purposes, a more conventional Republican foreign policy cause them to give up their fantasy, because it’s so much easier dismissing him as a stooge, rather than trying to guess what a man learning on the job might do.
On the other end of the spectrum, there is panic among the minority of Republicans who supported the “America First” package and did not merely accept Trump as the lesser of two evils or back the celebrity candidate as a way to clean house in Washington. They may have hoped that the compatibility of Bannon’s ideas with Trump’s deep resentment of the establishment would ensure that the campaign rhetoric would translate into policy, but they, too, must now learn to live with a president who is interested in popular victories — such as the one his outrage and action on Syria earned him — rather than their beliefs.
So it’s little surprise to see that the alt-right sounding boards on talk radio are now concentrating their fire on Trump’s son-in-law and the perceived influence of former Wall Street figure Gary Cohn. In this version of a Trump conspiracy, it’s the evil political and economic establishment that is manipulating the president. Seeing Trump in this way allows his would-be admirers to defend him as a captive of the bad guys rather than as a cynical celebrity who fooled them into thinking he shared their frame of reference.
Conspiracy theories are as old as the republic. But what is different about their current iteration is that their advocates are not contained, as they used to be, to the fever swamps of American life. They now have platforms that are far closer to the mainstream. Each of the last three presidents before Trump inspired derangement syndromes among their opponents, each iteration noisier and more influential than the last. But today, we are presented with an environment in which conspiracy theories are not a sideshow but a staple of political debate.
The real explanation for Trump’s flip-flops is in the willingness of so many voters to embrace a man who was an ideological blank slate. His rise was an expression of widespread disillusionment with conventional politics. His disrupting influence was not the engine of political dysfunction but merely a symptom of it. The real problem is that major segments of both the Left and the Right seem capable only of interpreting his entirely predictable inconsistency as the product of wild conspiracies.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributing writer for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Irish Republican Socialist party and Sinn Fein still dream of a unified Irish republic. The Catalan Solidarity for Independence coalition would see the Estelada flag raised over an independent Estat Català, and there are independence-minded movements as far-flung as the western Sahara. The Uhuru Movement is a kind of separatist movement standing on its head, looking to transcend national borders (with their colonial histories) and unite African people in a single African identity. The United States has the Texas Nationalist Movement hoping to restore the Republic of Texas, and somewhere out there is a very committed fellow who believes himself to be the rightful king of Hawaii. There is a more plausible movement for an independent Puerto Rico and a much less plausible movement for an independent California. All of these have something in common.
Russians.
Weird, right?
The movement for Californian independence expects to have an initiative on the 2018 ballot, which would in turn lead to a 2019 referendum. The organizers of the “Yes California” campaign say that winning the referendum would be only the first step in the long and complex process of establishing a free and independent California, finally liberated from the grasp of Washington and, especially, of the military-industrial complex. “Peace and Security” is, in fact, Exhibit A in the case for Calexit, and the organizers complain that the U.S. government “spends more on its military than the next several countries combined. Not only is California forced to subsidize this massive military budget with our taxes, but Californians are sent off to fight in wars that often do more to perpetuate terrorism than to abate it. The only reason terrorists might want to attack us is because we are part of the United States and are guilty by association.”
If that sounds like it could have been written by Ron Paul or some lonely disciple of Murray Rothbard, that is no accident: The leadership of the California-independence movement has a distinctly paleo smell about it.
“When I talk to people about California independence, they always say: ‘Well, what would you do if China invades?’” says Yes California president Louis Marinelli from his home in . . . Yekaterinburg, formerly Sverdlovsk (city motto: Don’t call us Siberia), an industrial center on the edge of the Ural Mountains in Russia. “Seriously,” he asks, “when’s the last time China invaded another country?” I mention the obvious ones: Tibet, India, and the Soviet Union. There’s Vietnam and Korea. Marinelli is a young man; perhaps much of this seems like ancient history to him. It does not to the Indians, or the Russians, or the Vietnamese, or many others. “No, I mean: When’s the last time China crossed an ocean to invade another country?” he clarifies. “Only the United States does that.”
Only?
The American war machine must surely be of some intense concern to California’s would-be Jefferson Davis, inasmuch as there is no legal or constitutional process for a state’s separating from the Union, a question that was settled definitively if not in court then just outside the courthouse at Appomattox.
 
Marinelli comes from the West Coast of New York, the part of California on the shores of Lake Erie that is known as Buffalo. He says that California is a land of immigrants, and he is proud to think of himself as one of them. He is a relatively recent arrival, having moved to San Diego in 2006, following stints in Ohio, Iowa, and Russia, where he studied in St. Petersburg and where he currently teaches English at a language institute. He believes that Californians are a culturally distinct people who simply live and think differently from the people of the other 49 states. It does not seem to have occurred to him that this represents the California that exists between San Diego and San Francisco west of Interstate 5. I ask him whether he believes that people in Baker and Afton really are part of a single culture that includes the people in the Bay Area but excludes nearby Searchlight, Nev., and Bullhead City, Ariz. He does not quite seem to know where Baker or Afton is, but speaks vaguely about “the interior.” Sure, it is different, but “we’re all West Coast people,” he says. People from Calada, Calif., are West Coast people in the sense that people in Las Vegas are West Coast people, residing as they do in the Pacific Time Zone. But the folks in Calada are a lot closer to St. George, Utah, than they are to San Diego.
Perhaps we can chalk this up to the fact that Marinelli’s immersion in Californian culture is fairly recent. He has been involved in politics and public affairs for some time, most prominently at the National Organization for Marriage, working against gay marriage “as if it were a disease,” as he put it. After boasting of being “the one behind the 2010 Summer for Marriage Tour,” he quit NOM in a sort of dramatic fashion, repudiating his previous work, apologizing for it, and publicly declaring his support for same-sex marriage, only to be mocked by New York magazine as a confused young man going through a “homophobic strategist for an anti-gay marriage activist organization phase.” He is a Trump voter, albeit one who voted for Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary, which he dismisses as — the inevitable word — “rigged.”
“I couldn’t vote for Hillary,” he says. “She was the anointed candidate from the get-go. It’s like we’re supposed to have affirmative action in the White House now. We have to have an African-American president just because, and a woman president just because, and every demographic just because.” Mrs. Clinton won nearly twice as many votes in California as Trump did. Marinelli goes on to cite the Republicans’ recent failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act and “gridlock” in Washington as evidence that California would be better governed by Californians. California is in fact one of the states where residents on balance think themselves better off with the Affordable Care Act than without it, according to a Hoover Institution poll. Which is to say, the leader of the California-independence movement is politically at odds, deeply so, with the great majority of Californians.
On the up side, the great majority of Californians haven’t heard of him.
 
‘I suppose it has a certain romantic appeal,” says Judith Montgomery, a Bay Area math teacher who, like many Californians, is aware that there is a vote coming on a quixotic independence campaign but finds the notion impossible to take seriously. She mentions Ecotopia, Ernest Callenbach’s influential 1975 novel about a different version of California secession, one in which the state joins with Oregon and Washington to form a new “stable-state” nation based on environmental principles, which in 1975 apparently included Bhutanese-style isolation and autarky — the novel’s premise is that the green utopia is receiving its first American visitor in 20 years. “Ecotopia was my favorite book when I was 21,” she says. “I’m in my sixties now, and the world doesn’t work like that.”
The secession talk, she says, is a waste of time and — more objectionable, in her view — a waste of money that might be better used elsewhere. She insists that she’s “not the best-informed person,” but her concerns are the concerns of people who are paying attention, e.g., California’s grossly wasteful duplication of administrative jobs in education, something Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised to address but failed to deliver on. That’s the stuff out of which actual governance is made, and it isn’t very exciting.
Redrawing the map is exciting. It is so exciting that Yes California not only isn’t the only secessionist movement under way in the United States, it isn’t even the only active campaign to redraw the map in California. Former UK Independence party leader Nigel Farage, of all people, is involved in a project to split the state into a western and an eastern California, liberating the more conservative and agrarian half of the state from the half of the state where the money and the people are. And there is the longstanding dream of Jefferson, a proposed state that would strip away several of California’s northernmost counties (the proposed capital is Yreka) and some of southern Oregon’s to form a new state — one with a very high regard for the Tenth Amendment.
They hotly dispute any comparison to Yes California — “We want to add a star to the flag, not take one away!” insists Jefferson supporter Terry Rapoza — but there is at bottom a set of commonalities: the sense that the ordinary democratic institutions as currently configured are insufficient for the times; the feeling that some people are effectively unrepresented, a relatively small group of broadly like-minded people who form only a few drops in the vast sea of American democracy; the belief that radical action oriented toward separation is required. “I don’t want to do this,” says Rapoza. “Show me a way not to do this.” He is in regular touch with his state senator and other California elected officials, and says his message for them is: “Help us to help you help us.”
But Rapoza is pessimistic about the chances of California’s Democratic majority — “the monoparty,” he calls it — getting serious about things like the rule of law and fiscal responsibility. He recites the familiar litany: high taxes and fees that contrast dramatically with crumbling roads and infrastructure — the Oroville-dam emergency seems to have opened a great many eyes — poor schools, unfunded pension liabilities, crime, sanctuary cities that encourage illegal immigration. “We have one senator. Los Angeles has eleven. Who wins that football game?” Rapoza asks. He takes a moment to reconsider the metaphor. “Maybe if you had Tom Brady.”
Like the leadership of Yes California, the 21 counties that would form the State of Jefferson went overwhelmingly for Trump. Mrs. Clinton pounded Trump in California and reduced him nearly to third-party numbers in places such as San Francisco, but Trump outperformed her in the Jefferson counties by an even larger margin than the one she enjoyed in California as a whole. The Jefferson activists are old-fashioned patriots who sound like tea-party guys: Tenth Amendment, high taxes, too much debt, too much regulation, too much welfare spending on too many illegal immigrants. Yes California’s Louis Marinelli has a pretty right-wing outlook and history, albeit one that is more Robert A. Taft than Ronald Reagan. What’s funny is that his Calexit campaign wasn’t doing very much until something happened that almost nobody in California was expecting. Marinelli cast a protest vote for Donald Trump, but the guy turned around and won.
Suddenly, secession started to sound more promising not to paleo-libertarian Californians hiding out in Big Sur cabins but to ordinary, progressive, Democratic-voting Californians of the familiar variety. Shervin Pishevar, a big-money tech investor with a hand in everything from Uber to Hyperloop, declared himself a California separatist after Trump was elected and said he was “funding a legitimate campaign for California to become its own nation.” Other Silicon Valley figures such as venture capitalist Jason Calacanis joined in. And Marinelli’s phone started ringing.
“We have thousands of people literally waiting for us to even get the opportunity to contact them by phone,” Marinelli says. “There are 60 chapters, and each has a chapter leader. We have 8,000 registered volunteers.” He says he received more than 17,000 e-mails in November and December following the election. “Some of them are hate mail, but a lot are people who want to help.”
He is getting some help — from the Anti-Globalization Movement of Russia, which is, depending on whom you ask, either a group that enjoys some financial backing from the Kremlin or an outright Kremlin front. It provides Marinelli with office space in Moscow, where he has opened a kind of California embassy, a cultural center whose most recent exhibition was on civil rights. (Short version: California good, United States bad.) It provided travel expenses for those far-flung separatists from around the world to attend the conference it organized in Moscow, although the King of Hawaii was unable to attend in person and sent video greetings. Marinelli says he supports the Texas Nationalist Movement and others who attended the event in Moscow. And he scoffs at the notion that the Kremlin might be attempting to use him and his daft little crusade for its own ends. “Meddling in other countries’ elections is the sort of thing the United States does,” he says. His anti-Americanism is deep and it is reflexive. He says it would be “hypocrisy” for Americans to complain about Moscow’s meddling in the internal affairs of other countries. I ask him to consider that even if it were hypocritical, that would not make it untrue. He responds as subtly as people who believe as he believes always respond. “The United States supported the Taliban.”
His Russian friends and allies share his belief that the United States should not be in a position of “dominating the world,” he says, and adds that they share his belief in the self-determination of peoples. That would come as news to, among many others, Rafis Kashapov, a Tatar dissident imprisoned for criticizing Moscow’s annexation of Crimea. He was found guilty of advocating separatism — which of course is illegal in Russia. He did not join Marinelli and the others at the Moscow Ritz-Carlton.
The Russian oligarchs are awash with money and in thrall to a kind of atavistic nationalism, and they have a lot of cash to throw around at things like separatist movements in California or Spain or Ireland or any other place they think they might wrong-foot the West, however slightly. And where the West comes to an end on the sunny beaches of the Pacific, they have an ally. At least when he’s visiting from the edge of Siberia.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. this story first appeared in the



ARTICLE
Peace. It’s the first thing you notice as you approach the “Coptic cathedral” in Manhattan, on the Upper East Side. St. Mary and St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church is a former Roman Catholic parish by the name of “Our Lady of Peace,” as a sign reminds you. It was almost stunning to see the word “Peace” one day after almost 50 Coptic Christians were killed in Palm Sunday attacks in Egypt. Also, consoling. Hopeful. Even if temptations to believe such a thing — peace — unbelievable creep in.
The second thing you notice are the open doors. Again, a surprise. Given what had happened the day before, I expected police and barricades and possibly locked doors. But that wouldn’t be true to who they are. It was Monday of Holy Week, about to approach noon, and there were about a dozen people praying. And I wasn’t the only person who had made a pilgrimage of prayer and solidarity. We visitors couldn’t have been made to feel more welcome — people offering me a book, showing me what page they were on in weeklong prayers. “Brothers and sisters in Christ” can really mean something even in the big city if we’re open to hospitality. Other people came by, wanting to offer a donation for the churches in Egypt. Others, some tourists exploring, do what open church doors allow: a quick stop in to acknowledge there’s more to the world than we always recognize and prioritize.
The Coptic Christians are not all that well known in the West, and yet here they were — a spiritual shot in the arm to a city and a church in transition. It is no secret that the Roman Catholics in New York City are closing schools and churches and trying to be good stewards while meeting people’s needs. A beautiful new life appeared in this church, now leased to the Coptic Christians, just weeks ago. During some of the holiest days of the Christian church year, there seemed to be a healing happening, one beyond what headlines or even words and photos can capture. Divisions — and foreignness — feel lessened in both a practical and a mystical way as people pray together. On Good Friday, Cardinal Timothy Dolan headed over to offer his own act of prayerful solidarity: what fitting unity at the foot of the Cross, both of Christ and of the persecuted Church in Egypt, whose experience is a closer encounter to Good Friday than many will ever have to live.
One under-reported item in the news is that on Palm Sunday, ISIS tried to kill the Coptic pope, Tawadros II, patriarch of a branch of the Church that dates back to Saint Mark. The so-called Islamic State has targeted everyone from Pope Francis to Libyan laborers who refuse to renounce their belief in the divinity of Jesus Christ. ISIS wishes to rid the world of Christians. This would be a big deal to us, it would rock us, if we weren’t so distracted by just about everything else. We would renew our insistence on religious liberty and real tolerance — where brothers who don’t really know or understand one another would stand side by side to acknowledge their common humanity. In this case, Christians from West and East are a family in faith.
There were a few of us in the Upper East Side Orthodox church, but I expected more. I expected those makeshift shrines like those that sprang up at the French embassy when Paris was attacked, something that strives to express a closeness, a solicitude, grief over a shared trauma. People live today not knowing whom to trust or whether there’s anything like security or any reason to hope, to move forward. We wonder, sometimes, if it’s even possible to.
Preaching shortly after the attacks, His Grace Anba Angaelos, general bishop of the Coptic Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom, talked about the power we do have. “People invade our spaces, our lives, and our churches, but they must never invade our hearts.” With the attacks in Egypt in mind, he urged that this not be just another Palm Sunday, Holy Week, and Easter. He urged that Christians open their hearts to a Lord who knows betrayal and who forgives in the face of it. That doesn’t always happen, needless to say. Christians can be some of the worst Christians — imperfect examples of God in the world.
“I must love even if I do not trust,” Bishop Angaelos said. “I must be prepared to forgive.” Don’t let it be just a cliché, he said. “Don’t dismiss this as your annual Palm Sunday sermon.”
And while it may be easy to dismiss words, it’s harder to dismiss people who died while they were simply gathering to pray. Or at least it should be.
“Welcome the infinite, the uncontainable, as much [of Jesus] as we can into the very limited space in our hearts,” he said. “When anger, greed takes up our hearts, there’s less space for Christ.”
And less space for one another. And isn’t that how we get into the mode of perpetual outrage and anger and fatigue and distraction? Could welcoming the infinite even give us peaceful hearts, conversations, social-media interaction, . . . and maybe even a more peaceful world?
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. This column is based on one available through Andrews McMeel Universal’s Newspaper Enterprise Association.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The president who proclaimed that he was a rock, he was an island, sure seems to be shifting a lot.
Donald Trump has now flip-flopped on Chinese currency manipulation (he no longer believes it’s happening); North Korea (he now says the Chinese don’t have the power to oust Kim Jong Un); Syria (Bashar al-Assad must now go); chemical-weapons use (Assad is now a “butcher”); the Export-Import Bank (he suddenly favors it, after a campaign spent opposing it it); NATO (it’s no longer “obsolete”); and Fed chair Janet Yellin (he once thought her a nefarious operator; now he thinks she’s great).
White House press secretary Sean Spicer, when asked recently to explain all these dizzying about-faces, said, “If you look at what’s happened, it’s those entities or individuals in some cases — or issues — evolving toward the president’s position.” In other words, reality changed to reflect Trump, as the planets circle the sun.
Okay, then. But what’s really going on? There are two theories.
The first theory: Reality hit Trump like a freight train. His campaign rhetoric simply couldn’t stand up to the light of day. It was one thing to jocularly dismiss human-rights atrocities as none of America’s business while speaking to crowds in rural Ohio, but the leader of the free world typically feels the weight of responsibility when pictures of dead children crop up on the television.
The second theory: Trump has fallen prey to nefarious actors bent on hijacking his presidency. Those who brought him to the White House are being systematically sidelined by these clever operators. After President Trump decided to bomb Syria in response to Assad’s use of chemical weapons on his own people, many of his most ardent supporters leaned heavily on this theory. “Trump’s Syrian misadventure is immoral, violates every promise he ran on and could sink his presidency,” Ann Coulter wrote. She also blamed those surrounding the president — rather than the president himself — for the decision: “Left to his own devices, uncontaminated by Washington group-think, Trump gets it right.”
The most plausible scenario? Both theories are correct.
Trump doesn’t have a fully formed ideology. This was seen by his supporters as a plus: Because he wasn’t in thrall to any one notion of the world, their thinking went, he would approach each issue with an open mind, never bound by ideological rigor. He could be a freewheeling pragmatist.
Unfortunately, even those who lack an ideology have a worldview, and Trump’s is essentially self-centered: What is good for his popularity is good for the world. This, it should go without saying, leaves him subject to co-option by those with a more ideological bent. When reality hits him in the face, he reacts spontaneously — and in doing so, he aligns with movements that have long pre-existed him, and that cheer him along. Spurred by that applause, he is drawn into the orbit of those ideologues who supply it.
That’s precisely how Trump ended up in the camp of the nationalist-populists during the election cycle. He articulated a knee-jerk sentiment about illegal immigration, Steve Bannon and the Breitbart crowd cheered, and so he doubled down on that sentiment. (He admitted as much himself during the campaign, stating that he simply invoked the border wall every time crowds began to get bored.) It’s the likely reason for his the warmth he showed toward Vladimir Putin before the Syria strike once again soured U.S.–Kremlin relations: Putin had been quite warm toward him and his allies, and Trump enjoyed the approval.
This is the Trump pattern: react, wait for applause, and then cater to those clapping.
That’s apparently how he came to his decision about striking Syria. Just days before the sarin-gas attack, the official Trump-administration position was that Assad did not need to go. Then, according to Eric Trump, his sister Ivanka influenced their father into action: “Ivanka is a mother of three kids and she has influence. I’m sure she said: ‘Listen, this is horrible stuff.’ My father will act in times like that.” The resulting decision received widespread applause, which obviously thrilled Trump, as his description of President Xi Xinping’s reaction to the news made clear:
To recap: Trump was awakened to reality by Ivanka, he was reassured by those who cheered the resulting decision, and he sees himself as more powerful and successful because that applause crossed international lines.
What does that mean? It means that it would be deeply naïve to suspect that Trump has turned permanently to the right. He has instead turned to Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, both of whom have strong opinions about politics, and both of whom have generally lived their political lives on the mainstream left. Trump spent the campaign telling crowds of big-government nationalist-populists what they wanted to hear; now, his only feedback loop consists of his family and the media. His nationalist-populist base is outraged that he has supposedly abandoned his principles, when in reality he’s only reacted to events, and, in doing so, abandoned their principles.
Practically speaking, this means that Bannon is out while Jared and Ivanka are in. It means that nationalist populism is out while human-rights policing is in. It means that Trump will rush from issue to issue, reacting without a plan, and then looking for those who cheer him to provide an ideological framework that fills in the gaps. It means that anything can happen, from single-payer health care to a preemptive strike on North Korea.
Pragmatism is merely code for “doing whatever I want.” And what Trump wants may not be what his supporters thought they were getting.
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.



ARTICLE
When not furrowing their collective brows about crèches and displays of the Ten Commandments here and there, courts often are pondering tangential contacts between the government and religious schools. Courts have held that public money can constitutionally fund the transportation of parochial-school pupils to classes — but not on field trips. It can fund nurses at parochial schools — but not guidance counselors. It can fund books — but not maps. Daniel Patrick Moynihan wondered: What about atlases, which are books of maps? On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will consider the constitutional significance of this incontrovertible truth: “A scraped knee is a scraped knee whether it happens at a Montessori day care or a Lutheran day care.”
That assertion is in an agreeably brief amicus brief written by Michael McConnell, a Stanford law professor specializing in church–state relations. He requires just 13 pages to make mincemeat of Missouri’s contention that a bit of 19th-century bigotry lodged in its constitution requires it to deny shredded tires to Trinity Lutheran Church in Columbia, which runs a preschool.
Missouri’s Department of Natural Resources, which has a capacious conception of natural resources, runs the Scrap Tire program. It enables playgrounds to replace gravel and dirt with a rubber protective surface that is kinder to the knees of the devout and heathens alike.
The department refused the church’s request for a $20,000 grant, citing this from the state constitution: “No money shall ever be taken from the public treasury, directly or indirectly, in aid of any church, sect or denomination of religion.” Trinity Lutheran says the state is abridging its First Amendment right to the “free exercise” of religion and denying the 14th Amendment guarantee of “equal protection of the laws.”
Both sides agree that the U.S. Constitution poses no impediment to Missouri giving a grant to Trinity Lutheran. The question for the Supreme Court is whether Missouri can demand an even stricter separation of church and state. Can it exclude an otherwise eligible entity from a generally available public benefit — a benefit serving a completely separate purpose (see above: knees) — simply because the entity is religious?
Missouri’s constitutional language is a Blaine amendment, named for the Republican speaker of the House and 1884 presidential nominee James G. Blaine. Protestants resented Catholic immigrants founding parochial schools that taught Catholicism as forthrightly as public schools taught Protestantism with prayers, hymn singing, and readings from the King James Version of the Bible. Each public school was, in Horace Mann’s approving words, a “nursery of piety” — Protestant piety.
Hoping that anti-Catholicism would propel him into the presidency, in 1875 Blaine unsuccessfully proposed amending the U.S. Constitution to stipulate that no public money could go to schools “under the control of any religious sect.” But 37 states put versions of his amendment into their constitutions, and Congress required its inclusion in the constitutions of states entering the union.
Even if, as Missouri implausibly insists, its constitution’s language, which was enacted in — wait for it — 1875, was unrelated to anti-Catholic animus, the language is nevertheless incompatible with the Supreme Court’s Establishment Clause jurisprudence. Splitting and re-splitting judicial hairs over the years, the Supreme Court has produced a three-part test: A statute pertaining to contact between government and religion does not constitute establishment of religion if the statute has “a secular legislative purpose” (again: knees), it neither advances nor inhibits religion, and it does not involve “excessive government entanglement with religion.”
Practices during the Founders’ era demonstrate, McConnell argues, that “including religious groups in neutral public benefit programs was not viewed as an establishment.” And: “Shredded tires have no religious, ideological, or even instructional content . . . rubberized playground is existentially incapable of advancing religion.”
Missouri cites, in defense of its practice, an utterly inapposite case in which the Supreme Court upheld a state’s refusal to fund students seeking degrees in devotional theology, even though it funded degrees in secular subjects. This involved entirely different issues than Missouri denying an organization access to a public-safety benefit simply because the organization is religious. Spreading shredded tires beneath a jungle gym hardly (in the Supreme Court’s language) “intentionally or inadvertently inculcates particular religious tenets.” And Missouri’s denial of this benefit is, McConnell writes, “the clearest possible example of an unconstitutional penalty on the exercise of a constitutional right,” the free exercise of religion.
“The religious status of the Trinity Lutheran day care bears not the slightest relevance to the purpose of the state’s program.” Which pertains to knees.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
Jesus Christ was not a politician. His Kingdom was not of this world. Nevertheless, his political savvy was on full display on the final day of his mortal life. We generally don’t urge political appointees to be “Christlike” in their confirmation hearings, but perhaps we should.
Face to face with the conviction-hungry Annas, Jesus avoids testifying about his actual teachings by pointing out that half the city has heard him preach. He knows that the high priest is terrified of the court of public opinion. Standing before the Roman prefect, Jesus immediately seizes the upper hand by proving that he fully understands the swirling political currents prompting this fateful trial. Pilate, who does not understand, breaks down at once. (“Am I a Jew?” he explodes in frustration. “Your people have brought you to me. What have you done?”)
The entire Passion narrative presents us with a remarkable juxtaposition of profound, world-altering events and petty politics. We get glimpses into the motivations of all the major players: the Sanhedrin, wanting someone else to handle the dirty work of silencing this shrewd social critic; Pontius Pilate, a harried bureaucrat, reluctantly answering their wish because he is terrified of being labeled an “enemy of Caesar”; Jesus Christ, adroitly getting himself convicted without violating earthly law, to save mankind from their sins.
We are not the first people in history to grapple with a confusing interplay between sweeping eschatological narratives and the tawdry tangle of temporal affairs.
In our day, American Christians struggle to juxtapose a narrative of cultural decline against a faith that they believe will endure to the end of time. This past month, that discussion took an interesting twist following the release of several books that were written when most of us expected to be living under the enlightened reign of our first female president. Sober and bracing, these books explore the question of how Christians can remain Christian in a libertine, secular society. Suddenly religious conservatives found themselves in a conversation they would have had probably with far greater intensity had the Democrats won last November.
Rod Dreher’s The Benedict Option has been particularly influential, igniting controversy with the suggestion that “the culture war as we knew it is over” and that Christians should focus their energies on building families and smaller communities that are self-consciously countercultural. That book was complemented in interesting ways by Anthony Esolen’s apocalyptic Out of the Ashes and Archbishop Charles Chaput’s less extreme but still bracing Strangers in a Strange Land, which offers advice on “living the Catholic faith in a post-Christian world.”In concert, these books have thrown Christians into a debate about the wisdom of radical withdrawal as a means of coping with cultural loss. Should Christians stay engaged in political and cultural battles? Or is it better to accept our losses and focus on the higher things?
The Benedict Option was controversial in large part because religious conservatives are already very attracted to quietist modes of thought. Quietism, a posture of spiritual detachment, has appeared in various forms throughout Christian history and culture. It gains force when a culture is in decline or elites become overtly hostile to Christianity. Withdrawal holds appeal, not only because the world is hard but also because Christians believe themselves to be the inheritors of a rich tradition that promises something better. To Christian faithful, life is first and foremost a quest for eternal redemption. If the mainstream culture seems uncongenial to that journey, there will always be some who judge it best to give up the fight for the world and to focus instead on forging a less perilous path for themselves and their loved ones.
Throughout Christian history, many believers have withdrawn from the world for such reasons. But quietist movements are also a familiar part of American tradition; our nation’s history is peppered with self-segregated faith communities. Some denominations, like the Anabaptists and Hutterites, explicitly prescribe a more segregated lifestyle. Other communities identify with a larger denomination but collectively commit to a prescribed countercultural lifestyle. Americans are a people with a robust religious foundation, a strong commitment to freedom, and relatively shallow cultural roots. Experimenting with faith in community seems natural to us.
It’s been fascinating to read of late the multiple firsthand accounts of modern experiments that haven’tgone well. Worldly withdrawal is a hard row to hoe, which is why we probably needn’t worry too much that droves of Americans will suddenly decide to “go Benedict.” There will never be so verymany who want to give up modern comforts and securities to become turnip farmers, and it’s not necessarily bad to have a few. Traditionalist experimentation can yield benefits for society, just as other forms of innovation can be beneficial. Tiny, traditionalist communities may succeed in uncovering or preserving certain salutary truths that have been lost to the culture at large. In any case, a free society should be able to make room for a few such endeavors.
Christians may still have good reasons, though, for resisting the spread of a new quietism. Mass migration from mainstream culture is unlikely — far more serious is the risk of demoralization. While “the few” exert themselves to answer the quietist call, “the many” may just lay down their swords without picking up their ploughshares. Might not Dreher’s grim analysis persuade religious conservatives to disengage from public life, passively allowing the progressive Left to consume their remaining cultural strongholds? Instead of a network of vibrant faith communities, we could end up with a diffuse population of embittered reactionaries, clinging in isolation to whatever shreds of tradition they think they can manage to save.
In the end, the question that confronts us concerns the possibility of finding some new harmony between faith and (existing) culture. The quietist is inclined to see society as a lost cause; the only reasonable course is to get busy pulling what we can from the wreckage. That image resonates with American Christians in a moment when we are facing (really for the first time in our nation’s history) a serious eclipse of Christianity as our country’s dominant cultural-religious force. At one time, our faith was widely acknowledged to be foundational to American law and culture; today Christians find ourselves battling taxpayer-funded institutions that actively undermine our way of life, even as millennia-old doctrine is reclassified as “bigotry.” It’s alarming and often bruising. A few have lost their livelihoods in the scuffle, while nearly all committed Christians find it necessary to withdraw from at least some aspects of mainstream culture, especially to protect their children.
It’s fine to discuss practical strategies for how to do this. Still, the autumnal mood of these conversations can become overwhelming. We need to remember that Christianity is a dynamic faith, not meant to be lived in a defensive crouch. The political and social challenges of our present moment are formidable indeed, which is precisely why Christians as a group must not withdraw. The society they live in still needs them. We need to bring to the table the vast wisdom and resources of our faith, charting a path forward for all our compatriots and not just the chosen few.
Is this even possible? The question ought to strike us as absurd. To those who worry that modernity is simply incompatible with Christian life, we should note that Christianity has ever been a faith of fruitful paradoxes. It has a remarkable capacity to combine pragmatic flexibility with an unbending doctrinal and moral core. Intensely communal in some respects, Christians are warned by Christ himself that they must be prepared to “hate” even their own families. The Christian philosophical and literary tradition stands majestically in the background of all Western civilization, never losing its dogmatic integrity; despite that, Christian Gospels denigrate the wisdom of the wise, and elevate young children as exemplars of celestial perfection. Christianity disparages legalism and worldly materialism. Nevertheless, Christians laid a foundation for modern commerce and democratic rule of law, even as they battled Islamic rivals under the banners of the Prince of Peace.
Some, of course, would see these “fruitful paradoxes” as just a maze of contradictions. Even acknowledging that the Babe of Bethlehem started with some admirable aspirations (to serve the poor, and to liberate his followers from the tyrannical excesses of Jewish legalism), Christianity’s detractors often characterize his followers as raging hypocrites, zealously embracing the same violence, greed, and pharisaical moralism that Jesus himself found so abhorrent. If that picture is right, we must at least say: For a hot mess of pious platitudes and contradictory claims, Christianity has remarkable staying power. Personality cults come and go, but the Jewish carpenter has held strong for nearly two millennia, today claiming almost 40 times as many living followers as voted for Trump in the last election. The lamb may look vulnerable, but he’s proven to be very resilient.
Quietist-type thinking trains us to look on our culture with an eye only for the things we cannot change. Dreher traces our current malaise back to philosophical errors deep within the modern psyche, although at the same time he also blames Christians for their own downfall, contending that they were too willing to sell their birthright for short-term political victories. Our current struggles, it seems, were somewhat inevitable; nevertheless, in Dreher’s view, we should blame ourselves and don sackcloth.
Christians have their failings, to be sure, but it seems perverse to paint ourselves into grim corners when our co-religionists (living and dead) have such a remarkable history of surviving and thriving under diverse circumstances. It’s one thing to sacrifice worldly glory for the sake of higher goals, but are our eyes really turned upward? Or are we simply reeling from recent cultural losses whose impact we haven’t yet fully absorbed? There’s no doubt that Christians have lost ground in the culture lately, and it’s reasonable to mourn those losses. But how long must we spend by the waters of Babylon, weeping for Billy Graham and Fulton Sheen? We must recall in the paradoxical Christian faith that losing can be winning, and too much winning can be the most soul-destroying thing of all.
Finally, it is important to recognize that withdrawal could represent a lost opportunity for the nation at large. The Christian tradition contains rich philosophical and cultural resources that America may need if it is to work through contemporary social crises. Consider our most pressing modern problems. Global markets have generated tremendous wealth, but far too many people are now marginalized, alienated, and lacking in purpose. Modern nation-states are finding it difficult to maintain democratic norms in increasingly diverse and polarized societies. On a more individual level, it’s difficult in our interconnected world to balance obligations toward those close to us against the claims of the further removed. Globalization has created a whole host of practical and cultural challenges, which in turn give rise to social unrest.
What philosophical or cultural tradition has experience addressing these sorts of issues? Might we find some helpful hints in a religion that’s spent the past 2,000 years bathing the globe in a message about God’s all-encompassing love, preaching it tirelessly to a divided, stratified, and wildly diverse array of humans? For centuries before our nation was even born, Christianity struggled to reconcile the dignity of the individual person with the broader need for social cohesion. Is now really the moment for Christians to throw in the towel?
Jesus Christ was not a politician. Still he was aware that the political realm can have great relevance to mankind’s quest for salvation. As we see in the Passion narrative, mere humans rarely appreciate the eschatological significance of their tawdry political struggles. God sees how they matter.
From Jesus’ time to our own, Christians have labored diligently to be salt and light to a fallen world. We never fully triumph. All the same, we should press forward with hope, believing that the best is yet to come. Even in the darkest hours, Christians are in a position to know that the sweetest victory may only be a sunrise away.
— Rachel Lu is a Robert Novak Journalism Fellow.



ARTICLE
‘I’m from the government, and I’m here to help.” Ronald Reagan famously described these as “the nine most terrifying words in the English language.” It may be time to propose a two-word corollary.
“Trust us.”
In the end, underneath the geek-speak of encryption, electronic intercepts, forward-looking infrared thermal imaging, satellite surveillance, and sundry collection technologies, that is what the government is really saying when it comes to national security: “Trust us. The intelligence collection we do is important — is essential – to keeping you alive. Oh . . . and don’t ask a lot of questions. You know, can’t discuss that — methods and sources, etc.”
I don’t think that’s going to cut it this time.
Before 2017 is out, we are going to have a brawl over FISA — the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Specifically, over FISA section 702, on which much of the sprawling American intelligence enterprise is now based. It will lapse if not reauthorized by Congress.
We ought to be headed into that brawl with a sense of how dangerous the world has become: Competitive great-power geopolitics has reemerged, yet international jihadism remains as threatening as ever.
Instead, foremost in our minds will be how readily the government’s awesome intelligence capabilities can be abused. That is the real significance of the controversy over Obama-administration spying on the Trump campaign and transition.
The scandal that CNN is hell-bent on ignoring brings into sharp relief the very abuses the media, echoing civil-liberties activists, have warned against for years: pretextual uses of intelligence-collection powers to spy on political opponents and dissenters. As a national-security conservative with no illusions about government, I’ve acknowledged these concerns. I’ve countered, though, that the powers are, yes, essential to national security. The abuse of power is thus a reason to get rid of the abuser, not the power.
In our modern political dysfunction, that seems impossible. Washington protects its own. No one gets fired anymore, let alone impeached. So just as we make war on “terror” because we don’t want to identify the enemy, we condemn “power” because we can’t bring ourselves to hold the rogue officials accountable.
Did the Obama administration have compelling foreign-intelligence reasons to monitor its political opponents? Or was Russian espionage mainly a cover for political spying? As I’ve said before, there is enough risk on both sides that I doubt we will get definitive answers to these questions. There is little doubt, however, that Republicans and Democrats will mutually find intelligence-collection power to be a convenient scapegoat. That’s where this is heading: the showdown over FISA reauthorization.
So can we trust the government with this power?
It is worth remembering that, before someone decided that the perilous complexities of the modern world left us with no choice but to trust the government, we built a governing system on the premise that it can’t be trusted.
Our supposedly self-determining society never conducted a referendum that officially transformed government from a necessary evil to a guardian angel. But while you weren’t looking, there does seem to have been a dramatic transformation of the Fourth Amendment.
The amendment’s original meaning is simple enough: The government is not permitted to seize your most personal information — that yielded by searching your home, your person, your papers, or your effects — in the absence of permission from a judge. The idea is that the government’s own say-so cannot be trusted. Consequently, we don’t let it knock down your door unless its agents show probable cause that you have committed some wrong. That showing must satisfy a court — the forum in which the citizen is protected from government overreach. Only if the judge grants a warrant may the government search and seize.
Flash-forward a couple of centuries. The Fourth Amendment’s words are still the same, but the paradigm has shifted. Now we permit the government to seize first and search later. That is, we let government intelligence agents obtain evidence without cause. The caveat is that they will just hold it in a database, they won’t analyze it unless and until there is cause. The courts no longer determine whether the government may obtain the evidence in the first place; they merely endorse and kinda-sorta police the “seize now, search later” arrangement — under which the government is granted such broad discretion to analyze what it has obtained that the judicial protection seems illusory.
I don’t mean to make this sound like a scam. There is a legal rationale for it. The principal targets of government foreign-intelligence operations are aliens outside the U.S. — i.e., agents of foreign powers who could detrimentally affect American interests, and who are located outside the jurisdiction of American courts. They are not entitled to American legal protection at all, so the courts should not be involved — to say nothing of the fact that the judiciary, for all its legal acumen, is not institutionally competent to oversee intelligence matters.
Yet modern communications technology renders it inevitable that intelligence-collection efforts, even as they target foreigners, will capture private communications involving Americans. So the courts have to be involved. Still, this involvement does not mean they are any more competent to oversee intelligence matters. And the effort to safeguard Americans inevitably benefits foreign targets of intelligence collection — often, our enemies.
So how have we resolved these tensions? We let the courts oversee foreign-intelligence collection so Americans will have some ostensible protections; but we don’t let the courts be much more than a rubber stamp, because we know they really shouldn’t be involved in foreign-intelligence matters — and because we don’t want to turn our own judiciary into our enemies’ shield.
It is a delicate balance. It is also a balance that can be unbalanced in a hurry, because it has more to do with shifting political winds than with enduring legal norms.
After all, we’ve departed from our legal norms: We allow the government to seize our information without cause and trust that they will never look at what we’ve allowed them to retain unless some really good reason — some national-security reason — triggers a need to pluck us out of the database and investigate.
And . . . because intelligence involves secrets and sources and life and death, we’ve accepted that the government cannot tell us its reasons for investigating. We trust that when the government tells us it is protecting national security, it is not actually scheming to spy on the incumbent administration’s political opponents . . . and on us.
But can we trust the government? Whether we are inclined to do so depends on what is making us feel most vulnerable at the moment: foreign threats or rogue officials. If I had to bet right now, I’d say FISA is in trouble because of the rogue officials . . . and we’re in trouble because the foreign threats are not going away.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
Can someone reacquaint President Donald Trump with Steve Bannon, his ideologist whom the president now professes barely to know? 
Trump’s jaw-dropping public distancing from Bannon is the latest twist in a struggle that is astonishing even by the standards of a White House that deserves its own Chris Buckley novel.
For Bannon, the internal fight with the president’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is going about as well as could be expected, which is to say it couldn’t be going much worse. 
No one can know for sure how this ends. Perhaps it’s all papered over, or maybe Bannon keeps his head down to fight another day. But it’s hard to see how Kushner doesn’t prevail in one form or other, together with the faction including his wife, Ivanka Trump; the influential economic adviser and former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn; and deputy national security adviser Dina Powell. 
Who says bipartisanship is dead? With the exception of Dina Powell — a nonideological Republican — this group is all Democrats who have marinated for decades in the financial and social elite of Manhattan. 
Their ascendancy would potentially represent Trumpism’s Thermidor. If Jared and Ivanka end up running the joint, it’d be hard to overstate the turnabout from last year’s campaign. 
A candidacy whose supporters reviled so-called RINOs may produce a White House run by people who aren’t even RINOs. A populist revolt that disdained people who allegedly spend too much time at Georgetown cocktail parties may result in a White House run by people who have spent too much time at New York cocktail parties. The biggest middle finger the mainstream media has received in modern American politics may empower people who care deeply about what’s written about them in The New Yorker and Vogue.
For his part, Gary Cohn could have been the totem of everything Donald Trump was running against in 2016. To put it in Jacksonian terms, it would be like Andrew Jackson inveighing against the Second Bank of the United States and then handing his domestic-policy portfolio over to its president, Nicholas Biddle. 
How did we get here? Bannon is saddled with the failed first travel ban, and (fairly or not) the rocky first several months that have seen Trump’s numbers sink while the Republican Congress spins its wheels. 
Bannon hasn’t sought out self-glorifying media when presumably gobs of it were on offer, yet he has been hurt by the narrative, driven by the press and used against him by internal enemies, that he is Trump’s Svengali.
None of this is endearing to President Trump. He doesn’t like attention-hounds besides himself, and wants victories and popularity. As for Jared and Ivanka, they must worry that the family patriarch is being ill-served in ways that may hobble his presidency and damage their brand. So a shake-up looms.
If Bannon goes, it could be a sign that everything is up for grabs. President Trump could begin to react to political pressures from the world of Jared and Ivanka that so far haven’t affected him.
Trump’s views on immigration, climate change, abortion, and policing are socially embarrassing, sometimes even in Republican elite circles, let alone in liberal ones. All of them would potentially be subject to softening or reversal in a White House that cares too much about “polite opinion.”
The weakness of Trumpism in Washington is that it doesn’t have a congressional wing and it represents only a faction within the White House, and apparently not even the dominant one. Perhaps Trump’s genuine, if inchoate, populism and Vice President Mike Pence’s conservatism would be enough for the administration’s basic orientation to survive any constellation of White House aides.
Certainly, there are all sorts of ways to try to moderate Trump’s image while still staying true to a tempered version of his populism. But a sensible recalibration would seem out of character, and it’s not the next chapter Buckley would write.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Terence Davies’s A Quiet Passion has an impossible heroine — the poet Emily Dickinson. With his signature concentration, gravity, and beauty, Davies tells her story of spinsterhood and genius in Amherst, Mass., where she lived around the time of the Civil War. The film is not simply a biopic; it’s also an emotional autobiography, as are all Davies’s films, from last year’s Sunset Song on to The Deep Blue Sea, Of Time and the City, The House of Mirth, The Neon Bible, his family chronicles Distant Voices, Still Lives and The Long Day Closes, and his debut Trilogy, which depicted his struggle with Catholicism and sexuality.
As those titles indicate, Davies is a cinematic poet who rigorously challenges conventional storytelling with fixed compositions, bold camera moves, and sound design that mixes music and narration with stark, complex imagery: A transition scene of an open window, with curtains blowing, overlaps with the silhouette of a preacher whose sermon deeply moves Dickinson. In this, Dickinson’s longing is palpable, but the scene also expresses an agnosticism so candid and stubborn that it even includes metaphysical awe.
Though far different from this week’s action franchise The Fate of the Furious, A Quiet Passion could also have borne that movie’s title. Dickinson’s isolated intelligence and artistry are subjects unique to Davies’s filmmaking. A kind of creative fury — apparent in Davies’s radical formalism (and made vivid by actress Cynthia Nixon) — is what drives this movie.
Determined to show how Dickinson’s art was born out of both suffering and inspiration, Davies makes her an exasperating presence at school, at home with her family, and even for her admirers. The opening sequence of her resistance to the era’s Evangelism makes her a “no-hoper.” From this funny but pointed scene, Davies launches a bravura transition, borrowed from Michael Jackson’s revolutionary 1991 music video Black or White, in which Dickinson family portraits morph each character into adulthood.
This age and time device is a miniature of the entire film’s powerful style. Every sequence — especially a montage showing reclusive Dickinson’s subconscious fantasy of desire (“up the stairs at midnight”) — attests to Davies’s fearless emphasis on Dickinson’s single-minded integrity. There is a tendency to make a martyr of Dickinson — “You have a soul anyone would be proud of,” says her sister Vinnie (Jennifer Ehle, whose luminous smile balances Nixon’s tight-faced bitterness). Sometimes Davies records Dickinson’s intransigence as though he is paying tribute to her proto-feminism. Yet Vinnie also warns her sister: “Integrity, if taken too far, can be ruthless.”
Despite Davies’s dour approach, his artistry prevents him from indulging in self-pity. Like pop singer Morrissey, a fellow British Catholic manqué, Davies always undercuts his own mandarin pride with a sense of humor, and A Quiet Passion features his wittiest exchanges yet. In one scene, Dickinson welcomes her brother’s newborn child by improvising the famous “I’m Nobody / Who are you?” It’s like a moment from a biopic about a Hollywood pop composer, but the “Eureka” moment gives the audience a sense of discovery.
Davies provides a family context for Dickinson’s poetry, and his Civil War montage (a sequence of overlapping flags and battlefield disasters labeled Gettysburg, Spotsylvania, and Antietam) creates a historical background. He is best when he proceeds into suffering and grief as testimony to life’s struggles (“wounds that don’t bleed”). A shot that pans gracefully moving from Dickinson’s self-revulsion to a mirror is masterful, elevating biography and autobiography to an instantaneous existential memorial — something only the movies can do.
A Quiet Passion’s intense re-creation of the literary past is like only two other movies, André Téchiné’s supernal The Brontë Sisters and Alan Rudolph’s dazzling Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle (about Dorothy Parker). The resemblance is not so much a matter of feminist empathy as of artistic vision: respect for the struggle involved with personal expression, plus some greater awareness. An overhead view of a funeral procession, then looking down into the freshly dug abyss, recalls the famous “impossible shot” of a 1930s Carl Dreyer film. It is both furious and haunting — Davies’s ultimate tribute to his impossible heroine.
*****
Americans don’t make movies like the Bulgarian Glory (Slava), now showing at Film Forum, because our impatience with bureaucracy is based on a will toward rebellion and independence. East European directing team Kristina Grozeva and Petar Valchanov see humor in the irony that a reclusive railyard employee, Tzanko (Stefan Denolyubov), turns in millions in loose cash that he found on the tracks only to be exploited by the system for his good deed.
In a Hollywood film such as Quiz Show, condescension to the ethnic working class matches envy of the WASP upper class, supposedly exposing the hypocrisy of each. This Bulgarian movie takes the same route but through a long slog of cynicism (billed as “comedy”) that predictably revels in Europe’s bureaucratic heritage. Here, the hypocrisy lies in draining characters of their humanity. Tzanko’s stammer and poverty make him especially pitiable, while Julia (Margita Gosheva), the Transportation Ministry’s public-relations executive who callously exploits Tzanko, is pure villainy.
Americans never make movies that target media-class zombies like Julia, yet, as these Bulgarians close in on the truth about the hideous profession of bosses and lackeys (both seen as technological egotists), the film becomes grim and tedious. Julia misplaces Tzanko’s family heirloom (an engraved Glory-brand watch), and a hotshot pundit, Kiril Kolev (Milko Lazarov), compounds her indifference with his own, in order to bring down the corrupt Ministry.
I’m predisposed to like this exposé, especially given the American media class’s unfeeling arrogance and lack of self-awareness and scruple. But Julia and Kiril’s insensitivity is too familiar. To see her protecting her progeny is nearly unbearable (several skits show her and her sheepish husband freezing their embryos to guarantee their purchase on the future). It’s too soon after the misanthropic self-loathing of the perverse German film Toni Erdmann to enjoy this kind of filmmaking, or to find a lesson in its cynicism. Glory turns moviegoers into no-hopers.
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.



ARTICLE
Why can’t the Geico Gecko sell health insurance from coast to coast?
As President Donald J. Trump and congressional Republicans labor to repeal and replace Obamacare, they should demolish America’s current maze of state-level health-insurance fiefdoms and replace it with a truly national market for health coverage.
Under the failing status quo, medical insurers tend to sell coverage in some — often many — but not always all 50 of these United States. Thanks largely to Obamacare and its 16,000 pages of regulations, Aetna, Humana, and United Healthcare largely have evacuated Obamacare’s imploding state-level exchanges. Anthem soon might rush out the door. “If it pulls out,” CNN Money’s Tami Luhby reports, “more than 256,000 residents in Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio, and Virginia would be left with no options.”
Also, state-level insurance commissioners behave like border guards who decide which insurers can and cannot enter their jurisdictions. These regulators often demand that all health plans in their states cover non-life-and-death items, such as acupuncture, marriage counseling, in vitro fertilization, and other mandated benefits. Like obligatory sunroofs on all cars, such gold-plated requirements drive health premiums into the sky.
As part of repealing and replacing Obamacare, President Trump and other leading Republicans have promised to let Americans buy health coverage across state lines. A New Yorker, for example, could purchase a plan from, say, Arizona, with just the right blend of benefits, restrictions, and prices.
Republicans must keep this promise. The freedom to buy health insurance across state lines is central to successful Obamacare replacement and must be part of any legislation that Congress sends to President Trump’s desk.
That alone would be a great start. But why stop there?
Here is a far better idea: Obliterate these lines altogether.
Beyond buying plan X from North Carolina or plan Y from Texas, why not liberate insurers to sell in all 50 states at once? Imagine having multiple plans with assorted benefits on sale everywhere in America.
This ultimate system of patient power and consumer choice would unleash the kind of competition that would stimulate innovation in this moribund industry. As a higher number of insurers vie for each patient’s business, this would lower overall costs. Conversely, the “Affordable” Care Act is propelling a 25 percent hike in typical premiums, this year alone.
Also, creating large customer bases from across the entire country would spread the risk of insuring Americans with pre-existing conditions. Covering a diabetic is a smaller gamble within a national market’s bigger, healthier population than among a smaller pool of state-level consumers, especially in such lightly inhabited places as Idaho, North Dakota, or Vermont. While a national health-insurance market is not the only solution, it would help address the nettlesome, and vital, challenge of covering those with existing ailments.
How might this idea fare in America’s 50 state capitals?
“State insurance commissioners won’t like it,” Forbes’s Avik Roy, M.D., recently predicted, “because it decreases their power when insurers can relocate.”
Too bad. State-level insurocrats have thrived mightily since the McCarran-Ferguson Act of 1945 turbocharged their powers to oversee insurance.
Congress should use the U.S. Constitution’s Interstate Commerce Clause to terminate these officials’ veto power over which health insurers can enter their territories. Promoting the general welfare of all Americans, Congress should uproot these state-by-state health-insurance cartels and, instead, let a national medical-coverage market bloom.
“I’m a big fan of more competition rather than less, as our current markets are usually one or two providers and verging on monopoly instead of pure competition,” said Representative Dave Brat (R., Va.). “The standard textbook model predicts that more competition gets you lower prices, better quality, more variety, and better service. That is the theory which we all know has worked in this country for over 200 years.”
Cato Institute health-policy scholar Michael Cannon already is thinking beyond America’s borders. He wonders: “Why not international health insurance?” Why not, indeed? If France’s AXA, Germany’s Allianz, or Japan’s Nippon Life Insurance wants to provide health plans to American patients, come on down!
Until then, the Geico Gecko sells automobile, apartment, and flood insurance throughout the land. “The Rock” of Prudential markets life and disability policies from the Golden Gate to the Brooklyn Bridge. Freeing them and new players to offer medical coverage nationwide would be an important and welcome way to make health insurance great again.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Abortion advocates around the world and particularly in the United States are increasingly abandoning their professed political and moral adherence to “choice,” and instead adopting an agenda of coercion. Nowhere is this dangerous and calculated shift more evident than in their utter disdain for the freedom and fundamental rights of citizens who disagree with them.
Those who are quick to argue that abortion is a universal human right protected by both international and domestic law are equally quick to disregard longstanding legal and moral principles when these revered standards impede their radical pro-abortion agenda. For abortion advocates, seminal documents such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted after the devastation of the Second World War, are to be ignored when they seek “the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and belief” as the “highest aspiration of the common people.”
For example, France has criminalized “obstruction to abortion” for more than 15 years, prohibiting “moral and psychological pressure searching to hinder abortion.” Pro-life French citizens are not permitted to attempt to dissuade women from having abortions or to hold public demonstrations near facilities providing abortions. Under this law, an elderly and nearly blind man was fined for giving knitted baby booties to a woman in the stairway of a building housing Planned Parenthood.
But this was not enough for abortion advocates who want to completely eradicate pro-life voices from the public square. With their encouragement, French president François Hollande just signed into law a measure that prohibits any person or website from posting information on alternatives to abortion or espousing the belief that abortion is immoral. Violations of the new law are punishable by two years in prison and a €30,000 fine.
French officials are conspicuously prioritizing abortion over a central principle enshrined in the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, adopted in 1789 following the French Revolution. Article 11 of this historic and influential human-rights charter provides that the “free communication of thoughts and of opinions is one of the most precious rights of man.”
Sadly, in seeking to methodically strip its pro-life citizens of their most basic rights, the French are in good company. An Australian woman’s conviction for peacefully displaying an image of an aborted baby outside a Melbourne abortion clinic was recently upheld, while pro-life students at some of England’s most prestigious universities regularly face ostracism and censorship. Not to be outdone, abortion advocates in the United States are actively seeking to deny pro-life Americans their constitutional rights.
Pro-life displays on college campuses are routinely vandalized, most recently in California, Colorado, Kentucky, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington, D.C., and Wisconsin. Crosses representing lost unborn lives are kicked over, signs displaying pro-life messages are methodically destroyed, and pro-life students are even physically attacked.
At the behest of NARAL and other abortion advocates, the free-speech rights of pregnancy centers in California, Illinois, and Maryland have been infringed by laws forcing them to promote abortion. Connecticut and Hawaii are currently considering similar legislation.
Planned Parenthood and its allies ensured that Obamacare included a mandate that most employer-provided health-insurance plans cover life-ending drugs and devices without regard to religious, moral, or conscientious objections to such a requirement. Under the so-called HHS mandate, the First Amendment rights of Catholic nuns, Baptist colleges, and other groups and organizations were deliberately trampled.
The ACLU continues to file lawsuits seeking to force Catholic and other religiously affiliated hospitals to provide abortions, artificial contraception, sterilizations, and other controversial and objectionable procedures. Abortion advocates of all stripes also seek the elimination of federal and state laws that protect the freedom of conscience of medical providers and others who object to providing or participating in such services, ultimately seeking to force providers to choose between their consciences and maintaining their careers and their families’ livelihoods.
More than 200 years ago, James Madison wrote, “I believe there are more instances of the abridgment of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments . . . than by violent and sudden usurpations.”
Today, we are seeing an incremental, steady, and covert campaign by abortion advocates and their allies to silence those who actively oppose or even disagree with their militant agenda of abortion-on-demand, at any time, for any reason, and at taxpayer expense. By their extreme and desperate actions, abortion proponents are, in fact, tacitly admitting that medical science and public opinion are against them and that the abortion debate is turning inextricably toward affirming and valuing life.
Pro-life advocates and those who value individual rights must expose and resist these insidious efforts to strip Americans and others around the world of their most precious freedoms. Nothing less than life and liberty hangs in the balance.
— Denise M. Burke is the vice president of legal affairs at Americans United for Life.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Viewed from the outside, there is nothing remarkable about Saint Mark’s Cathedral in Alexandria, where an Islamic State terrorist blew himself up during the Palm Sunday liturgy last weekend, leaving 17 people dead. The building is new, erected in 1952 and renovated several times since, but the site itself is much older — so old, in fact, that it can tell the story of the Coptic Church itself, in all its triumph and despair.
It was his first day in Alexandria and Saint Mark, the Evangelist, walked around the city bedazzled by its wonders. The small village that Alexander the Great had chosen to build into a city bearing his name had grown to equal Rome in its greatness. By night, as the strap of his sandal fell off, Mark stopped at the first shoemaker he found. While repairing the sandal, the shoemaker accidentally pierced his finger. “Heis ho Theos,” Anianus, the shoemaker, screamed. God is one. Mark took some mud from the ground, put it on the wound and miraculously healed Anianus’s hand. Mark began telling him how Jesus had died on the cross for mankind’s sins, preaching to him the message of Christ. The message fell on a welcoming heart. Anianus took Mark to his home and, with the rest of his family, converted. The Evangelist baptized them and, in due time, ordained Anianus as the city’s bishop.
Thus begins the story of Christianity in Egypt. Anianus’s house, in a district called Baucalis, became the first church in Egypt. While historians are unsure of the truth, according to Coptic tradition, this is the same site where Saint Mark’s Cathedral stands today. His mission would take him to other corners of the Roman world, but eventually he returned to Alexandria, and, in 68 a.d., shed his blood on its streets. Anianus followed Saint Mark onto the papal seat, starting a chain that continues to the present day with the 118th pope of Alexandria, Tawadros II, who was leading liturgy as the bombs exploded in Saint Mark’s last Sunday.
Even as Christianity spread across Egypt, Alexandria remained its spiritual center. In the small church in Baucalis, Coptic popes confronted waves of Roman persecution and preached to the faithful. If Christianity was to survive in Alexandria, home to the greatest library of late antiquity and a number of influential pagan philosophers, it would have to compete with Greek philosophy and defeat it. The Catechetical School of Alexandria emerged as Christianity’s greatest theological center, with men such as Clement of Alexandria and Origen defending the faith. The 17th Coptic pope, Peter, would be martyred at the same site in Baucalis.
By the end of the Roman persecution at the hands of Emperor Constantine the Great, Alexandria and its popes had emerged as one of the leading pillars of Christendom. The Church of Alexandria would soon discover that the end of persecution did not bring an end to its pains. Arius, a Libyan priest in the Baucalis church, touched off a controversy that would threaten to tear the whole Church apart by arguing that the Son was not equal to the Father. But if Alexandria gave birth to the greatest heresy threatening the Church, it also gave birth to the greatest defender of orthodoxy: Saint Athanasius. “The whole world is against you Athanasius,” a friend said to him. “Athanasius Contra Mundum,” he replied. I am against the world. The seat of Alexandria at Baucalis would soon discover how true his words were.
The small church at Baucalis, however, benefited from the end of persecution. As the center of Christianity in Egypt, the church was enlarged, decorated, and — by virtue of having within its walls the body and head of Saint Mark — became a site of pilgrimage. The debates over the nature of Christ in the Council of Chalcedon would result in a schism that persists to this day. Supporters of Chalcedon in Egypt would be called Melkites (Eastern Orthodox), while the majority of the population followed their leaders and formed the Coptic Church. Empowered by imperial authority, Melkites would come to control the church and the treasure of Saint Mark’s relics that it holds.
The Arab invasion in 641 destroyed the church at Baucalis, but it was soon rebuilt. A division of churches in the city three years later gave the Eastern Orthodox control of the church, and with it the body of Saint Mark. In 828, the body was stolen by Venetian merchants. It still lies at Saint Mark’s Basilica in Venice today. But Mark’s head remained with the Copts, kept at Baucalis. Throughout the centuries, a tradition developed: Every new Coptic pope would come to the church, bring out the head of Saint Mark, and knit a new cover for it, each successor receiving his power from his apostolic predecessor.
Life under the rule of Muslim caliphs and governors was hard on Copts. The rules of dhimmitude, which forced Copts to wear special colored clothes and pay jizya while forbidding them to ride horses or carry arms, were enforced throughout the centuries. Slowly the country lost its Christian majority as Copts converted to Islam. The Coptic language was similarly eradicated. In the eleventh century, Pope Christodolos was forced to move the seat of the papacy to Cairo, which had eclipsed Alexandria as Egypt’s largest city.
The Baucalis church, which by that time had once again come under Coptic control, suffered as a result. Next to Saint Mark’s head now lay the bodies of 48 other popes of Alexandria, and the regular visit by every new pope continued. But the church had lost its luster. Threats from Muslim rulers keen on taking control of Saint Mark’s head to extort more money from Copts continued, and the head was moved to Saint Macarius Monastery in the desert. From the eleventh to the 14th century, the head was moved around in secret from churches to Copts’ homes, kept hidden. The Crusaders were no kinder to the Copts, whom they viewed as heretics. The church was once again destroyed and then rebuilt. The endless cycle of Coptic history continued to repeat itself.
Pope Peter VI would be the last pope to make the traditional visit to Baucalis, in 1718. Still afraid of losing Saint Mark’s treasured head, Copts eventually placed it among a larger collection of saints’ bones at the Baucalis church, hiding it so well that people soon forgot which skull it was. Napoleon’s invasion of Egypt destroyed the church, but in 1819 it would be rebuilt once again as Egypt’s modernizing ruler, Muhammad Ali, relaxed restrictions on the Copts.
Alexandria would have another moment under the sun shortly thereafter, as it became Egypt’s trading post, attracting tens of thousands of Europeans, Jews, and Levantine Christians. But the city’s renaissance didn’t last. Under Egypt’s military rulers, it would be neglected once again. Part of Saint Mark’s body would be returned by the Vatican in 1968, as relations between the Catholic and Coptic churches improved. It would, however, not be brought to the Baucalis church in Alexandria but to Cairo, where a new cathedral was built. Saint Peter’s Church, housed in that cathedral complex, would be bombed by the Islamic State in December 2016, leaving 29 Copts dead.
In the 1970s, Alexandria became the center of a Salafi revival that soon dominated the city. In 2005, angry mobs attacked Coptic churches, angered over a church play perceived to be insulting to Islam. On New Year’s Eve 2010, a bomb detonated in the city’s Two Saints Church left another 23 Copts dead. They were buried in Saint Mina’s Monastery outside the city. Their brethren, the victims of last Sunday’s attack, have now joined them there. Martyrs, sons and daughters of martyrs.
— Samuel Tadros is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute’s Center for Religious Freedom and the Distinguished Visiting Fellow in Middle Eastern Studies at the Hoover Institution.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Netflix’s superb drama The Crown may appear on the surface to be merely another lush historical soap opera for the sort of person who cried while watching Princess Diana’s wedding. But in fact, the series, which promises to retell the story of Queen Elizabeth II from her girlhood to today, is a stirring and deeply considered apologia for Burkean conservatism.
Throughout the ten episodes of the brilliant first season, the young Queen Elizabeth II (played with beautiful understatement by Claire Foy in a true star-making role), just 25 when called to the throne by the death of her father George VI (Jared Harris), is still finding her way as a frustrated, flustered sovereign. Caught off guard by the unexpected chores and rigors of duty and at times abashed by her own lack of preparation and education, she is circumscribed by circumstance, a leader who isn’t allowed to do anything.
Then, in the seventh episode, it occurs to her with a certain breezy satisfaction that if nothing else she can at least choose her own private secretary upon the retirement of the long-serving Buckingham Palace majordomo, Tommy Lascelles, played with stern authority by the excellent Pip Torrens. Tommy’s deputies are two: a senior and a junior. Even palace flunkies have their own lines of succession, and it is the senior deputy, Michael Adeane, who is expected to take over as Her Majesty’s next secretary. Yet the sovereign has a special fondness for the junior deputy, Martin Charteris, who served her ably when she was duchess of Edinburgh. She asks Tommy what he would think if she invited Charteris to succeed him. “That is your right, Ma’am,” he replies, with the proper deference, before adding, with an unexpected firmness, “but it would be a mistake.”
What comes next is one of the most riveting instances of table-turning ever presented on television.
Like Elizabeth, we in the audience have simply assumed the stakes are minuscule, hardly worth a fuss. The reality, Tommy explains, is otherwise. There has been, he says, “An order developed over time, generations. And individuality in the House of Windsor, any departure from that way of doing things, is not to be encouraged. It results in catastrophes like the abdication.” The queen scoffs at this comparison of her secretarial preference to the decision made by her uncle, the former Edward VIII (played as a roguish foil by Alex Jennings) to trade the throne for the hand of the American divorcée Wallis Simpson. Violating protocol in a small household-hiring decision wouldn’t be nearly as egregious as Edward’s total abandonment of duty, she notes.
“I disagree,” says Tommy, crystallizing, in an instant, the business of the crown, and of The Crown:
Torrens delivers these lines with such urgency and passion that the scene is transfixing. By this point in the series, we’re deeply invested in Elizabeth’s point of view: Not born to rule, not remotely ready for the job when her father dies at 56, not even able to understand the various feuds and factions that surround her, she comes across as the world’s most glamorous underdog. We want her to win and thrive, or at least to enjoy the ride. Now, through Tommy, we learn what she must learn: She is no longer a person but the face of an institution, a soldier drafted into service, in some ways a prisoner.
Making the case to put duty to country first in 2017, The Crown is a gobsmacking enterprise, one with a surprising backstory. Series creator Peter Morgan, who has written every episode so far, first visited this territory with The Queen (2006), which won Helen Mirren an Oscar for her portrayal of the Elizabeth of 1997, dealing with the aftermath of her daughter-in-law Diana’s death. That led to an ambitious stage piece, The Audience, which dramatized the sovereign’s weekly meetings with prime ministers, jumping around in time to afford Mirren the opportunity to play Elizabeth again, at every stage of her reign, as various actors played the nine premiers who (as of the play’s debut in 2013) had led Her Majesty’s government. That latter effort was a late-breaking example of Bush Derangement Syndrome by proxy; it branded Tony Blair as a deluded partner of George W. Bush whose decision to join in the invasion of Iraq was merely a heedless reprise of Eden’s Suez adventure. (Both mistakes could have been avoided, at least according to the play, if the politicians involved had only heeded Her Majesty’s friendly counsel.)
Bush obsession caused otherwise talented artists to try to cram their loathing into places where it didn’t fit, but fading memories of the Dubya years have proved a tonic to the arts. The Crown is not only devoid of the kind of fatuous reductionism seen in The Audience, but amounts to a sustained, sometimes ingenious rebuke of today’s shallow dismissiveness, or even ignorance, of the ways of our forebears. The entire first season (the second season is currently being filmed) is a serial demolition of many of today’s least-questioned shibboleths: “Be yourself,” “Follow your heart,” “We’re all the same underneath it all,” “The newer the better.” The Crown, with a rumored budget of $130 million for its first two seasons, is one of the most expensive television series ever to be produced. Yet those sumptuous sets, the fixation on minute questions of protocol, the splendidly imagined balls and royal weddings and coronations, are mere window dressing designed to lure in throne-sniffers. What The Crown is really up to is instructing the masses, perhaps more adroitly than any other current television series, in the intermingled values of duty, honor, discipline, self-control, patriotism, and tradition. Long may it reign.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.



ARTICLE
Like a passenger on a sinking ship, the president has been throwing one longstanding position after another overboard like so much dead weight. His closest advisers, biggest boosters, and some members of his family are at war with one another, in a pitched battle to steer the president in their preferred direction. From balancing the budget to relations with Russia, each faction thinks it’s fighting for the president’s true convictions and the issues that got him elected. “Such incidents,” the New York Times put it, “indicate that the struggle for the President’s mind between two camps, pragmatists and purists, has intensified.”
This might sound familiar. But that quote comes from 30 years ago. Then–New York Times reporter Steven Roberts was writing about the great battle between the Republican establishment types and the true-believing conservatives who’d been with Reagan for decades.
The true believers had a rallying cry: “Let Reagan be Reagan!”
The phrase harks back to the earliest years of Reagan’s presidency. (It was actually inspired in part by an anti-Communist documentary called “Let Poland Be Poland,” but that’s a story for another day.)
James Watt, Reagan’s first secretary of the interior, said at a rally in 1982 that the solution to all the problems facing the administration was simple. “As I pondered that question from the depths of my soul, I felt these words,” Watt told the crowd. “Let Reagan be Reagan. Let Reagan be Reagan.”
In the last week, Donald Trump has found himself in a seemingly similar position. He has defenestrated large chunks of the agenda that his biggest boosters insist got him elected. As Ann Coulter, author of In Trump We Trust, tweeted after the Syria attack, “Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates.”
Trump has embraced NATO, praised Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen, scrapped his tax plan, backed off his vow to eliminate the debt, reversed his claim that China is a “currency manipulator,” come out in favor of the Export-Import Bank and lifted his freeze on federal hiring. He also seems to have relegated his senior adviser and chief ideologist, Steve Bannon, to a bit player, describing him as “a guy who works for me.”
I welcome most of these reversals, but it’s hard not to sympathize with those who feel betrayed. They made a simple mistake: They thought Trumpism was a coherent ideological program, akin to Reaganism. Indeed, during the 2016 election cycle, a great number of prominent conservatives went to remarkable lengths to compare Trump to Reagan. At times I feared the strain might give some of my friends hernias.
The problem is that Trumpism is real, but it’s not an ideology. It’s a state of mind. Or, to be more accurate, it’s a constantly changing state of mind. Trump himself admits as much, saying that he won’t be bound by ideology or doctrine, preferring “flexibility” not just on means, but on ends. 
This should have been obvious by the way people used the phrase “Let Trump be Trump.” It’s usually used to scold the scolds who want Trump to be more “presidential.” Corey Lewandowski, the onetime manager of the Trump campaign, often told reporters he was the head of the “Let Trump be Trump” faction in Trump’s inner circle. This meant not worrying about his outrageous claims and indefensible insults against competitors, judges, the media, etc.
In February, Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace interviewed Dan Scavino, the man who handles the rhetorical nuclear football of this administration, Donald Trump’s Twitter account. Wallace asked Scavino if he ever cautioned Trump against tweeting something. “There’s been times, but not too often,” Scavino replied. But, he added, “I’ve always believed, in being with the man from Day One, ‘Let Trump be Trump.’”
When conservatives said “Let Reagan be Reagan,” they were referring to a core philosophy that Reagan had developed over decades of study and political combat. When people said “Let Trump be Trump,” they meant let Trump’s id run free. The former was about staying true to an ideology, the latter about giving free rein to a glandular style that refused to be locked into a doctrine or even notions of consistency.
That’s why saying “Let Trump be Trump” is almost literally the opposite of saying “Let Reagan be Reagan.”
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The world is agog at Donald Trump’s head-snapping foreign-policy reversal. He runs on a platform of America First. He renounces the role of world policeman. He excoriates parasitic foreigners that (I paraphrase) suck dry our precious bodily fluids — and these are allies! On April 4, Trump declared: “I don’t want to be the president of the world. I’m the president of the United States. And from now on, it’s going to be America First.”
A week earlier, both his secretary of state and his U.N. ambassador had said that the regime of Bashar Assad is a reality and that changing it is no longer an American priority.
Then last week, Assad drops chemical weapons on rebel-held territory and Trump launches 59 Tomahawk missiles into Syria.
This was, in part, an emotional reaction to images of children dying of sarin poisoning. And, in part, seizing the opportunity to redeem Barack Obama’s unenforced red line on chemical weapons.
Whatever the reason, moral or strategic, Trump acted. And effectively reset his entire foreign policy.
True, in and of itself, the raid will not decisively alter the course of Syria’s civil war. Assad and his Iranian, Russian, and Hezbollah co-combatants still have the upper hand — but no longer a free hand. After six years of U.S. passivity, there are limits now, and America will enforce them.
Nor was the raid the beginning of a campaign for regime change. It was, however, a reassertion of an American stake in both the conduct and the outcome of the war. America’s abdication is over. Be warned.
Moreover, the very swiftness of the response carried a message to the wider world. Obama is gone. No more elaborate forensic investigations. No agonized presidential handwringing over the moral dilemmas of a fallen world. It took Obama 10 months to decide what to do in Afghanistan. It took Trump 63 hours to make Assad pay for his chemical-weapons duplicity.
America demonstrated its capacity for swift, decisive action. And in defense, mind you, of an abstract international norm — a rationale that dramatically overrides the constraints of America First.
Trump’s inaugural address had boldly rejected the 70-year American consensus to bear the burdens of world leadership. Less than three months later, the Syrian raid abruptly changed that course with a renewed interventionism — not, to be sure, in the service of a crusade for democracy, but in the service of concrete strategic objectives, broadly defined and extending far beyond our shores.
To the North Pacific, for example. The Syria strike sent a message to both China and North Korea that Trump’s threats of unilateral action against Pyongyang’s nukes and missiles are serious. A preemptive strike against those facilities is still unlikely, but today conceivable. Even more conceivable — perhaps even probable — is a shoot-down of a North Korean missile in flight.
The message to Russia was equally clear. Don’t push too far in Syria and, by extension, in Europe. We’re not seeking a fight, but you don’t set the rules. Syria shared the Sharyat base with Russian troops. Russian barracks were left untouched, but we were clearly not deterred by their proximity.
The larger lesson is this: In the end, national interest prevails. Populist isolationism sounds great, rouses crowds, and may even win elections. But contra White House adviser Steve Bannon, it’s not a governing foreign policy for the United States.
Bannon may have written the come-home-America inaugural address. But it was the old hands, Trump’s traditionally internationalist foreign-policy team, led by Defense Secretary James Mattis and national-security adviser H. R. McMaster, who rewrote the script with the Syria strike.
Assad violated the international taboo on chemical weapons. Who would enforce it, if not us? Candidate Trump would have replied: None of our business. President Trump brought out the Tomahawks.
His foreign policy has gone from mere homeland protection to defending certain interests, values, and strategic assets abroad. These endure over time. Hence the fundamental continuity of our post–World War II engagement abroad.
With apologies to Lord Palmerston, we don’t have permanent enthusiasms, but we do have permanent interests. And they have a way of asserting themselves. Which is why Bannonism is in eclipse.
This is not to say that things could not change tomorrow. We’ve just witnessed one about-face. With a president who counts unpredictability as a virtue, he could well reverse course again.
For now, however, the traditionalists are in the saddle. U.S. policy has been normalized. The world is on notice: Eight years of sleepwalking is over. America is back.
— Charles Krauthammer’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright (c) 2017, The Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
I’ve lost count of the number of times I’ve had the following conversation: I’ll have just finished speaking to a church or a conference about the vital importance of American religious liberty, and some well-meaning, well-informed questioner will ask earnestly if all my words apply to Islam in the same way they do to Judaism or Christianity. When I say yes, the response is immediate. “But isn’t Islam mainly a political system?” they’ll ask. “Doesn’t Sharia law violate the Constitution?”
There are a remarkable number of Americans — including influential commentators, pastors, and religious leaders — who simply refuse to believe that Islam is a religion. Or, if they believe it’s a religion, they believe the sincere practice of it is antithetical to other American constitutional values. In other words, they believe that Islam and the Constitution simply don’t mix. It’s a belief that’s been circulating in conservative and Christian circles for some time, and now — thanks to writers such as The Atlantic’s Peter Beinart and public attacks on Southern Baptist leaders who supported the legal right of Muslims to build a mosque in New Jersey — it’s bursting into the open.
Let’s be clear about what’s happening here: Non-Muslims have examined an immense and complicated religious community that is even now in the middle of theological and (in many parts of the world) literal civil war, they’ve decided which of the religion’s competing strains is “true Islam,” and they’ve lumped every single Muslim into that single category. Or, at least, they’ve determined that there is sufficient risk that any given Muslim falls into that category to justify curtailing the rights of all Muslims.
It should be obvious that this line of reasoning could have catastrophic consequences for the protection of religious liberty more broadly. Imagine applying it to any other American religious community. Shall we have Ruth Bader Ginsburg define “true Christianity” and then use that definition to limit the rights of all Christians? Moreover, let’s assume for the moment that critics are right, and “true” Islam as practiced is indeed inextricably intertwined with political ideas and goals. Here’s a news flash: Both religious and political activities are protected by the First Amendment. Calling Islam “political” is no more an argument against the First Amendment protections enjoyed by Muslims than calling a church a “club” or a “civic organization” would be an argument against the First Amendment protections enjoyed by Christians. The First Amendment’s protections of free speech and association are, if anything, even broader (as interpreted by the Supreme Court) than its protections of the free exercise of religion.
In many ways, the critics of Islamic religious freedom misunderstand the nature and extent of the right itself. Religious liberty as guaranteed by the Constitution has never been construed to mean that the members of any particular religion are exempt from the governing laws of the nation. Faith doesn’t grant anyone the constitutional right to beat their wife, abuse their children, or stone heretics. It doesn’t grant anyone the constitutional right to force other adults to join or belong to any religious, political, or social organization against their will. There are, in other words, existing, constitutionally valid laws that restrict or prevent the adherents of Sharia law from imposing it on unwilling others.
Yet not all arguments for religious liberty are equally persuasive, and many advocates of Muslim religious liberty do more harm than good by misunderstanding both the reality of religious belief and the increasing public impatience with political correctness. For example, it’s simply not persuasive or even correct to try to tell Christians that Muslims are their “natural allies” in the culture wars. It’s not persuasive to tell conservatives how many votes the GOP may be leaving on the table through its opposition to Islam. And it’s definitely not persuasive to argue for Muslim religious liberty by arguing for the virtues of the Muslim faith itself.
As a general matter, sincere religious believers see their faith as the path to God, rather than a path. As a result, the notion that we’re all on the “same team” is flawed in the most substantial and eternal way possible. It’s an illogical and unsustainable belief that’s rebutted by more than a thousand years of competition and outright conflict. So to argue the greatness and virtues of any given faith is to promote an exasperating form of utopian multiculturalism that belies the depth of the very real spiritual differences between faiths.
The virtue of American religious liberty, however, is that the Founders understood the intensity of those differences and created the best form of government for mitigating it: one that allowed for robust competition without permitting government coercion. It is such coercion that snaps the sinews of a multi-faith society, depriving men and women of their inalienable rights, and it’s such coercion that our society was constructed from the ground-up to protect against.
In the American constitutional order, those who are wrong have the same rights as everyone else, though they can’t use their rights to interfere with the rights and liberties of others. Our system of laws can handle jihadist Muslims. Our Constitution is robust enough to repel any call for Sharia law. We don’t have to violate the Constitution to save the Constitution, and you don’t have to compromise your commitment to religious truth to protect the rights of those who disagree.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
The special congressional election in Kansas’s fourth congressional district, was, despite the media hype, much ado about — well, maybe not nothing, but very little. The GOP candidate won by 7 percent, a margin that was certainly lower than Trump’s overwhelming victory in the district, but slightly better than Kansas governor Sam Brownback did in the same district in 2014. Given the numerous variables affecting the election (a low-turnout special election, a hugely unpopular governor, a greater-than-average Democratic effort, an un-Trumpian GOP candidate picked at an insiders’ convention rather than in a primary), it is hard to paint that result as the harbinger of the GOPocaylpse. To make a long story short: This was not the electoral disaster the Democrats and media were looking for.
Which is not to say the GOP is not facing some headwinds going into 2018. Off-year election cycles, especially in a first presidential term, are often unkind to the president’s party. And the average generic ballot for the GOP is –6 right now, the worst showing for a majority party in the 14 election cycles this question has been polled. (Although it is not dramatically worse than the numbers for several others years.)
On the other hand: There’s the map. And the map is pretty great for the GOP. A look at the competitive landscape of the 2018 House elections illustrates this nicely.
Roll Call’s latest election guide shows 212 solid House seats for the GOP. If the Democrats win all three GOP-held tossup seats and win every single one of the 13 GOP-held seats said to tilt or lean Republican, and then capture 8 of the 13 seats rated as “likely Republican,” and if they hold all four of the Democratic seats rated as tossups, all five of their seats rated as “leans,” and all six of their seats rated as “likely” wins . . . they still won’t have a majority. And they’d need to do far better than that to get a working majority, given the number of freshman Dems that would be in extremely vulnerable seats.
The nonpartisan and respected Cook Political Report tells much the same story. It rates 205 GOP seats as “safe.” If the Democrats win both GOP-held tossups, all 12 GOP seats that lean Republican, and 12 of the 25 seats that are “likely Republican,” and if they hold every single one of their three toss-ups, 7 leans and 12 “likely” seats, they still will not capture the majority.
Of course, political landscapes change, vacancies open unexpectedly, and seemingly invulnerable incumbents can occasionally lose — but the current race ratings show just how challenging the task is for the Democrats to control the House under the current map.
Having lost in Kansas, the media are now moving on to their next anti-GOP obsession, a special election in Georgia’s sixth district, traditionally Republican, but very unfavorable to Trump (the 48 percent he took there trailed Romney’s 2012 showing by twelve percentage points). Again, the media is pushing a message that is the opposite of the reality on the ground — the notion that a GOP defeat here would be a sign of GOP doom in 2018. The exact opposite is the case — if the Dems can’t win this seat, with their candidate having a massive spending advantage, a divided GOP field, and one of the most Trump-unfriendly GOP districts in the country, it is hard to imagine a scenario in which they would have enough momentum to run the table and win the House in 2018.
But compared to their chances of taking the Senate, the House looks like electoral paradise for the Democratic party.
Morning Consult has just released its 50 state polls, and it underscores the enormous shift that would have to happen for the Democrats to win that chamber.
Mitch McConnell remains the only senator with an overall negative approval rating (44 percent approval to 47 percent disapproval) — though it is notable that John McCain and Lindsey Graham, two of the most prominent Trump opponents within the GOP, war hawks, and liberal-media darlings, also have the two highest disapproval ratings among their constituents of any GOP senators (51–43 for McCain and 46–40 for Graham). Fortunately for the GOP’s chances of holding its majority in 2018, neither is on the ballot, but that fact does serve as a warning shot that the Graham/McCain axis of moderation continues to be a bad place for the GOP to make its electoral bets, no matter how much the Sunday shows and some members of the donor class love them.
Electorally, the GOP is in a fantastic spot, having to defend just nine of the 34 Senate seats up in 2018, and in each of those nine seats, the GOP candidate is listed as favored to win by arguably the top three major race handicappers (Cook, Rothenberg, Larry Sabato). The GOP is defending only one seat in a state won by Hillary Clinton (Dean Heller in swing-state Nevada). In fact six of the nine GOP seats are considered “safe” by Cook, Rothenberg, and Sabato, meaning that a GOP loss would be a stunning upset in those states, and a seventh (Senator Cruz) is considered “safe” by Cook and Rothenberg and “likely” by Sabato. If the GOP does nothing more than hold those seven seats, they will retain functional control of the Senate.
The two vulnerable GOP senators are Heller in Nevada and Jeff Flake in Arizona. Of those two, Flake’s numbers are somewhat worse, with 44 percent approving and 38 percent disapproving. He has been a notable GOP critic of Trump, and it is likely that some of his diminished approval reflects lukewarm support from his own party.
Nonetheless, in an off-year, lower-turnout election, which should typically favor the GOP, and with a profile that has gone out of its way to embrace the growing Hispanic community in Arizona, Flake certainly starts as the favorite.
Heller’s numbers are a bit better than Flake’s (43–32 ), although he is less known, but he starts out in Nevada, less friendly territory for the GOP statewide. He’s aggressively distanced himself from Trump and some of Trump’s less popular policies and has left himself well positioned to appeal to Nevada swing voters.
Both should expect to see stiff challenges, but both are currently favored.
Meanwhile, for all the talk in D.C. of the allegedly polarizing Cruz, he remains popular back home, with favorables of 57 percent, putting him in the top one-third of senators, and with an overall approval rating of +26. Combined with a war chest that already tops $5 million and a huge donor database from the 2016 campaign, he is very strongly positioned to beat any Democrat who takes him on.
In fact, only if the GOP establishment is vain enough to encourage a serious primary challenge to Cruz does there seem to be any plausible scenario in which Cruz’s negatives could be driven up enough to make him at all vulnerable. Mitch McConnell may not love Cruz, but he’s a shrewd enough operator that he is unlikely to risk his majority chasing that particular rainbow.
On the other side of the aisle, the GOP has a number of excellent chances to expand its majority. While none of the ten Democrats who hold seats in states Trump carried have the look of “dead man (or woman) walking” at this point, several are clearly vulnerable. And while a few (e.g., Montana’s Jon Tester and North Dakota’s Heidi Heitkamp) currently have strong personal favorability ratings that will help offset partisan headwinds, none are safe bets for reelection.
Four states with Democratic incumbents have strong Republican leans (+8 percent Cook PVI or greater), and seven Democratic sitting senators start the cycle with favorability ratings of less than 50 percent, traditionally the danger zone for incumbents. (Interestingly an eighth, vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine, has favorables of exactly 50 percent with a relatively high unfavorable rating.) In addition to the ten Democrats running in Trump-victory states, two others — New Mexico’s Martin Heinrich and New Jersey’s Bob Menendez — have favorables below 50 percent.
In sum, the only way the GOP can lose the Senate is to tank in two very winnable races in which they are favored, and simultaneously to sabotage Ted Cruz out of spite while failing to take a single seat from the ten “Trump Democrats” or two non-Trump Democrats with weak ratings.
That would be truly drawing to an inside straight of political incompetence. This is, of course possible, and the element of Trump will always add a greater degree of unpredictability to the proceedings — but the scenario under which it happens would imply a political apocalypse for the party so overwhelming that the GOP’s senator count would be the least of the party’s problems.
The media and Democrats will attempt to scare the GOP into fearing electoral devastation with each Trump misstep or weak result in a special election. But the party should ignore the naysayers — even with political headwinds, a highly favorable map means they are in a very strong position heading into 2018, as long as the party keeps faith with its voters. The GOP needs to stop getting spooked by its electoral shadow and start delivering the change it has promised voters for the better part of a decade.
— Jeremy Carl is a research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Unlike John Lennon, the chronic oversharer avant la lettre, Paul McCartney has always been guarded about his interior life, rarely using his songs to deliver the gossip about what it’s like being Paul McCartney. For McCartney, the entertainer’s imperative is to entertain, not broadcast his angst. Moreover, he seems to find it necessary to guard, to fence off, his actual self, forever presenting himself to the world as relentlessly afflicted by goofy joy. In the immortal phraseology of a now-defunct music magazine, he is Fab Macca Wacky Thumbs Aloft.
Yet on his 1989 album Flowers in the Dirt, McCartney showed, in the track “Don’t Be Careless Love,” a tormented side. The speaker, noting “the midnight lamp” burning down, resolves to stay up until his love returns home. He continues:
Later the singer worries about his companion being “chopped into little pieces / by some thugs.” It might be the most haunted, introspective song McCartney has ever written. For the man with everything, only one thing really mattered: Linda, his wife from 1969 until her death in 1998. McCartney used to say that all the love songs he wrote during their relationship were about her, and in this fragile yet sweeping spiritual he told us everything about what she meant to him.
Fine as it is, though, “Don’t Be Careless Love” isn’t even one of the five best songs on the masterly Flowers in the Dirt, one of the handful of great albums McCartney did after the 1970s (along with 1982’s Tug of War, 1997’s Flaming Pie, and 2005’s Chaos and Creation in the Backyard). Flowers has just been rereleased in various formats, including a sumptuous boxed set containing the original, remastered album plus unreleased demos (some of them collaborations with Elvis Costello), gorgeous artwork, and charming facsimiles of handwritten letters to McCartney, including one from his new songwriting partner. “Greetings from dirty old Dublin,” Costello wrote in an undated note reprinted on pink paper. “We are in our last couple weeks here and the place is going upside down with U2 fever.”
It’s a cliché to say that Lennon gave McCartney the hard backbone without which his cottony songs would have collapsed, but the value to Flowers of the contributions by the ironical, sentiment-averse Costello and the hard-rock Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour is unmistakable. Costello co-wrote the album’s magnificent centerpiece, “That Day Is Done,” a slow-burning gospel-infused anthem of confessed “shame” and “sorrow” sung, we come to understand with a shiver, from the grave:
“That Day Is Done,” a thing of power and majesty, is more mature and reflective than any of Lennon’s supposedly serious efforts. But it is matched in its force by an entrancing hard-edged rock number, “We Got Married,” to which Gilmour contributes one of his very best guitar solos, a choppy, furious interlude that turns this love song into a kind of argument with itself. Great love stories almost invariably end in marriage, but what, McCartney asks, happens after that? That’s where the work begins, where the real devotion shows.
In McCartney’s case, marriage directly preceded the breakup of the Beatles and a bout with depression in the early 1970s, when the four-man fraternity dissolved in an acid bath of litigation, and he felt he had lost his purpose. “Working hard / for the dream / Scoring goals for the other team” appears to be a reference to those times, and as he muses about raising children, he adds, “Place your bets / No regrets / We got married.” Juxtaposing such uncharacteristically equivocal thoughts with those fierce, almost bitter, Gilmour guitar licks, McCartney gets at just how much grit and determination it requires to keep any marriage going (not to mention the crystalline vulnerability of celebrity marriage). Coming at the same subject from an oblique angle, “Distractions” not only contains one of the most gorgeous melodies McCartney ever wrote, but it elegantly maps out the mindscape of middle age, when life seems clogged and rerouted by a thousand frustrating irrelevancies, each of them undermining one’s hopes to accomplish anything much. As McCartney’s late friend once put it, life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.
The singles on Flowers, none of them big hits, weren’t well aligned with the musical tastes of 1989, but they’re winners, too, showing off both McCartney’s bright, bouncy “Hello Goodbye” side and his placid, just-strumming-under-a-tree tenderness. “This One” (a modest hit on the U.K. singles chart) unfolds from a Moody Blues–style intro into a bonanza of happy sounds reminiscent of peak Beatles. “Put It There,” the title of which drew on a favorite phrase of Paul’s ineffably affable father, Jim, finds McCartney in “Blackbird” mode, building on a gently appealing acoustic-guitar line. “Figure of Eight,” an expertly crafted rocker with a hoarse lead vocal, has a touch of mid-’70s Wings. Even the Costello-co-written “My Brave Face,” which was the first single chosen for release despite (or maybe because of) its being one of the few slightly generic-sounding tracks, grows infectious after a few listens, and its funny lyrics, about a bewildered middle-aged man who can barely operate a microwave after his woman leaves him, are alive with the self-deprecating mordancy Costello borrowed from Lennon.
Prior to Flowers, the last album of original material McCartney had released, 1986’s Press to Play, was so pitiful that even we stalwart Macca defenders found ourselves looking at our shoes and mumbling, “It’s not so bad as all that.” But long after his detractors simply wrote him off, McCartney was still pushing himself, still proving capable of making exceptional pop music. It’s easy to deride his post-Beatles work, or his post-Wings work, as rubbish, but only if you don’t actually listen to the best of it.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Congress created two new massive handout programs in the 2014 farm bill. They are now projected to cost nearly double the original estimates — $32 billion over five years, instead of $18 billion.
But brace yourself for the big shock: Agricultural special interests are back, wanting these programs to pay out even more. The clamor for more agricultural handouts seems endless. The taxpayer doesn’t merely help farmers address the risks of farming their land. He also is forced to give handouts to large agribusinesses to address the ordinary risks of running their businesses.
For example, the 2014 farm bill’s two new major handout programs: Agricultural Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC) protect farmers — primarily large producers — if they don’t meet revenue targets or if prices are lower than anticipated. What business wouldn’t want such a sweet deal?
The cotton growers certainly do. Even though the farm bill created a special subsidy program just for them, they now want the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to make them eligible for ARC and PLC as well. Giving these extra goodies to cotton growers would cost taxpayers an estimated $1 billion a year.
Congress came up with the new cotton program because existing cotton subsidies were violating World Trade Organization rules. The “new and improved” special program was supposed to address this anti-trade effect of cotton subsidies. It failed.
	As a result, U.S. taxpayers are now being forced to pay $300 million to the Brazilian cotton industry. That’s on top of the cost of subsidizing U.S. cotton, but that’s what it takes to resolve Brazil’s legitimate claim against our subsidy schemes. If cotton is made eligible for ARC and PLC, it could threaten the existing agreement with Brazil and expose the United States to trade retaliation or possibly even higher reparations to Brazil.
Last year, the Obama administration and Agriculture secretary Tom Vilsack rejected the cotton growers’ request to add them to ARC and PLC, correctly explaining that they had no authority to do so. But cotton interests are still trying to change the USDA’s mind, and now they’ve opened up a second front: asking congressional appropriators to cut them in for a piece of the ARC and PLC action.
This is not to pick on cotton (if you’ll pardon the expression). They’re just following the lead of the dairy industry, which also sought extra help from taxpayers beyond the existing farm-bill handouts.
Last year, the federal government bailed out the dairy industry by spending $20 million to purchase surplus cheese on two separate occasions. The point was to artificially raise milk prices, which had declined significantly since 2014, when they hit a record high. In 2016, the price of milk was just coming back down to the median price of the past 15 years. In effect, the big cheese buy forced taxpayers to bail out dairy producers because prices were returning to normal.
Congress needs to start considering the interests of taxpayers and not just those of big agribusinesses. But don’t expect that kind of behavior from the agriculture committees. Their current farm-bill hearings are devoted to listening to agricultural interests reel off their wish lists and then figuring out how to divert more taxpayer dollars to make the dreams of big agribusinesses come true.
	There’s a better way: Get rid of these two programs. That should be a priority for the next farm bill, in 2018. In the interim, there’s a commonsense solution for appropriators and the Trump administration: Place a cap on the programs’ cost. Ensuring that ARC and PLC are not open-ended programs offers taxpayers at least a modicum of protection.
It can be done. An amendment to the original House farm bill that would have capped the ARC and PLC costs passed the House of Representatives overwhelmingly, 267–156, with bipartisan support. The cap, included in the final House farm bill, was set at $17 billion. It would have saved taxpayers an astonishing $15 billion dollars, based on current projections. Unfortunately, this modest amendment was removed in the closed-door dealings of the legislators who came up with the final 2014 farm bill.
Congress needs to stop fleecing American taxpayers to further enrich large agribusinesses. It can start immediately with ending bailouts and limiting the exposure that taxpayers have in connection with these massive new farm-handout programs. That $15 billion should be in the pockets of taxpayers, not large agribusinesses.
— Daren Bakst is a research fellow specializing in agricultural policy at the Heritage Foundation’s Center for Free Markets and Regulatory Reform.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In the Netflix series House of Cards, President Frank Underwood campaigned for the White House by telling Americans, “You are entitled to nothing.” The fictional president — a Democrat, no less — was forthright with American voters about the unaffordable and unsustainable structure of America’s entitlement programs, and he was rewarded at the polls.
In real-life America, unfortunately, there is no such courageous honesty from the political class. Even many in the Republican party, once the stalwart force fighting against the growth of big government, are now resigned to contemplating a government takeover of the health-care industry in the wake of their failure to repeal and replace Obamacare. Charles Krauthammer, for example, woefully predicts that President Trump will opt for single-payer health care. F. H. Buckley, meanwhile, optimistically calls for Trump to look to the Canadian model of universal coverage.
There’s just one problem: The Canadian model of universal coverage is failing.
Assessing Canada’s Single-Payer System
The Canada Health Act (CHA), introduced in 1984, governs the complicated fiscal agreement between the provinces, who administer health services, and the feds, who manage their health-insurance monopoly and transfer funds to the local governments. Unlike in the United Kingdom, where health care is socialized and hospitals are run by the National Health Service, in Canada health care is technically delivered privately, although given the Kafkaesque regulations and restrictions that govern it, the system is by no means market-based. In fact, Canada’s government-controlled health-care system has become more restrictive than communist China’s.
Debates about health-care policy typically revolve around three key metrics: universality, affordability, and quality.
Canada passes the first test with flying colors: Every resident of the country is insured under the CHA, with covered procedures free at the point of delivery. While medical providers are independent from the federal government, they are compelled to accept CHA insurance —and nothing else — by a prohibition on accepting payments outside the national-insurance scheme so long as they wish to continue accepting federal health-transfer funds. The spigot of money from Ottawa thus ensures a de facto government monopoly in the health-insurance market.
The CHA provides and ensures universal coverage from the top down. In Canada, the government determines what procedures are medically necessary. Bureaucrats, not doctors, decide which procedures and treatments are covered under the CHA — based on data and statistics rather than on the needs of patients. While private insurance does exist — an OECD report found that 75 percent of Canadians have supplementary insurance — it applies only to procedures and services that fall outside the CHA — including dental work, optometric care, and pharmaceutical drugs.
When it comes to affordability, the Canadian system also passes, if just barely. Canadians pay for health insurance through their taxes; most never see a medical bill. But that doesn’t mean the system is affordable. Au contraire, it relies almost entirely on current taxpayers to subsidize the disproportionately large health-care needs of elderly Canadians in their final few years of life. Rather than pre-funding the system to deal with the coming tsunami of aging Baby Boomers, Canada’s provincial governments pay and borrow as they go — and rank among the most indebted sub-sovereign borrowers in the world. According to Don Drummond, an economist appointed by Ontario’s Liberal government to help fix its finances, Canada’s largest province is projected to see health-care costs soar to the point where they will consume 80 percent of the entire provincial budget by 2030, up from 46 percent in 2010.
In the meantime, to address scarcity in the health-care system, government central planners ration care and cap the number of procedures offered in a given year, leading to queues, longer wait times, and a deterioration in the quality of care. Speaking of which#…#
#…#When it comes to the final metric, quality of care, Canada lags behind most other developed Western nations. A 2014 report by the Commonwealth Fund ranked Canada tenth out of eleven wealthy countries (ahead of only the United States) in health-care quality, and dead last in timeliness of care. The report showed that 29 percent of adult Canadians who fell ill and needed to see a specialist waited two months or longer, and 18 percent waited four months or longer, compared with 6 percent and 7 percent of Americans, respectively.
Canada’s quality of care is poor, and it continues to deteriorate in the face of a looming fiscal crunch and further rationing. In Canada’s single-payer system, citizens cannot pay directly for procedures, and they cannot purchase private insurance to cover services provided by the CHA. They must instead wait in line or seek health-care services outside the country.
The System’s Mysteriously Enduring Popularity
Canadian health-care outcomes are relatively poor, and yet the state-controlled system is beloved by Canadians. A 2012 poll by Leger Marketing in Montreal found that 94 percent of Canadians consider universal health care “an important source of collective pride.” The reasons for this are complicated.
First, there is a well-propagated, pernicious myth that Canadians are pioneers in health care, and that access to care is a basic human right. The universality of the system has become a key part of Canada’s national identity, thanks in no small part to propagandists who ignore the widespread suffering wrought by the CHA in order to paint the country as some sort of socialist utopia.
Second, the system’s costs are hidden. Many Canadians — and many progressives abroad — like to think that health care is “free” in Canada, when in fact, Canadian taxpayers pay, on average, $10,500 per year for all their health-care needs. Canadians simply have no concept of how much the services they consume cost, since the CHA prohibits providers from ever showing patients a bill.
Finally, there is the fact that Canada’s single-payer system is made possible only by an accident of geography: It is propped up by the U.S. health-care industry next door, which provides a parallel private system for very sick and very rich Canadians while acting as the driving force for global medical innovation.
Ultimately, the antidote for Canada’s poor health outcomes and long wait times has been for Canadians to seek care elsewhere. Don’t take my word for it. A few years ago, Dr. Martin Samuels, the founder of the neurology department at Harvard’s Brigham and Women’s Hospital, wrote in Forbes about his experiences as a visiting professor in Canada:
In other words, Canada’s rigid state monopoly on health insurance works only because Canadians secretly have a private alternative: America’s market-based system. It isn’t just “rich and influential” Canadians who seek treatment in the U.S., either. In a recent government document obtained by the Toronto Star, five stem-cell-transplant directors laid out the “crisis” in Ontario, revealing that “the health ministry approved more than $100 million in spending recently to redirect hundreds of patients who will probably die waiting for transplants in Ontario to hospitals in Cleveland, Buffalo, and Detroit.” Likewise, a recent report from the Fraser Institute, Canada’s leading public-policy think tank, estimated that more than 52,000 Canadians received medical treatment outside of Canada in 2014.
Canadians might like their single-payer health-care system in theory, but in practice, large numbers of them are going elsewhere for care.
Universal Suffering
As previously mentioned, the three key indicators to consider in evaluating a health-care system are universality, affordability, and quality. It’s often said that you can have two out of the three, but you cannot have all three. The Canadian model offers universality, affordability, and the illusion of quality. But an illusion is all it is: The more closely you look, the worse the quality of Canadian health care appears.
As policymakers in Washington continue to debate the future of American health care, they might want to consider another quote from the cynical President Underwood before giving in to temptation, following Canada’s lead, and pursuing a single-payer system: “Pay attention to the fine print. It’s far more important than the selling price.”
— Candice Malcolm is a syndicated columnist for the Toronto Sun and the author of Generation Screwed, among other books.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As fate would have it, Hillary Clinton spoke at last month’s Hillary Rodham Clinton Awards for Advancing Women in Peace and Security, where she emphasized the importance of peace, of women, and of women in peace.
“When women participate in peacekeeping and peacemaking, we are all safer and more secure,” said Clinton, who boasted of “evidence-based” research that backs up this claim.
And she’s right. Including women in the peacemaking process is often a valuable way of securing peace in war-torn countries.
But she also got in what was seen as a partisan shot at the Trump administration. At one point she began a sentence by saying, “Studies show . . . ” and then interrupted herself: “Here I go again talking about research, evidence, and facts.”
The crowd laughed, cheered, and loudly applauded for a while, proving that there’s nothing like working out your best material with a friendly audience. Clinton laughed at her supposedly very funny joke, too.
She also said, “Before anybody jumps to any conclusions, I will state clearly: Women are not inherently more peaceful than men. That is a stereotype. That belongs in the alternative reality.”
Again, if you don’t get the joke, the reference to “alternative reality” is apparently a jab at Kellyanne Conway, who once said something silly about “alternative facts.”
But here’s what I think is funny: Clinton’s wrong. She’s the one peddling an alternative reality.
Yeah, there’s a stereotype that women are inherently more peaceful than men — but, as a generalization (which is what stereotypes are), it’s true.
This is an evidence-based conclusion backed by a great many studies.
In 2015, according to the FBI, 7,549 men were arrested for murder and non-negligent manslaughter. Only 984 women were. Men were four times more likely to be arrested for violent crimes and ten times more likely to be arrested for illegal possession of a weapon.
It’s not just in America. Disproportionate male aggression is a human universal, appearing all over the world and across thousands of years. “In almost every society men are the ones who are overwhelmingly involved in wars, in all kinds of intergroup aggressions and intragroup homicide,” writes Dorian Fortuna at Psychology Today. “They mobilize themselves in armies of violent fans, in criminal gangs, in bands of thugs, etc. These observations are as old as the world and have allowed us to create a clear distinction between male and female sexes regarding their predisposition to violence.”
“Throughout history,” reports The Economist magazine, “men have killed men roughly 97 times more often than women have killed women.”
The male inclination for violence has a lot to do with testosterone, which is most plentiful in young men who, in their natural habitat, fought other males to impress women. (You can head down to Fort Lauderdale during Spring Break to document this phenomenon yourself.)
Steven Pinker writes in The Better Angels of Our Nature, his sweeping history of violence, that “to the extent that the problem of violence is a problem of young, unmarried, lawless men competing for dominance, whether directly or on behalf of a leader, then violence really is a problem of there being too much testosterone in the world.”
Interestingly, one of the things that is most likely to make men less violent is getting married, proving that Clinton is right when she says that women have a pacifying effect. What public policies should flow from all this is a topic for another day.
What’s annoying about Clinton’s cheap partisan preening isn’t simply that she’s wrong (and I suspect she knows it). It’s that she is perpetuating an infuriating tendency of liberals today to claim science is always on their side.
There’s a decidedly undemocratic flavor to this kind of argument. Patrick Moynihan famously said that everyone is entitled to his own opinion but not to his own facts. Liberals want to turn that on its head and claim that their opinions are facts and anyone who disagrees isn’t merely voicing a bad opinion but it somehow living in alternative reality or “denying” science. It’s the secular version of claiming that God is on your side.
Clinton is peddling stale, corporate feminism as settled science in part because she’s pandering to a friendly audience, but also because she’s too lazy to shed her own alternate reality.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
With a mellifluous name suggesting bucolic tranquility, Representative Mark Meadows, a North Carolina Republican, is an unlikely object of the caterwauling recently directed at him and the House Freedom Caucus he leads. The vituperation was occasioned by the HFC’s role rescuing Republicans from embracing an unpopular first draft of legislation to replace Obamacare.
A decisive blow against the bill was struck by the quintessential Republican moderate, New Jersey’s Rodney Frelinghuysen, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, whose family has included a member of the Continental Congress, four U.S. senators, and, in 1844, a vice-presidential nominee: “Hurrah! Hurrah! The country’s risin’, for Henry Clay and Frelinghuysen.”
Although just a little over two years old, the HFC signals a revival of congressional resistance to the dangerous waxing of executive power under presidents of both parties. The HFC is a rarity, a heartening political development: People giving priority to their legislative craft and institution rather than to a president of their party barking at them.
The HFC’s 30 members, and six others informally affiliated, are barely 8 percent of the House, but their cohesion is a force multiplier. The cohesion comes, Meadows says, from its members being “here for a purpose.” And, he adds dryly, from the fact that, for many, “this is not the best job they’ve ever had.” Among the never more than 537 people who are in Washington because they won elections, none are more threatening to tranquility than the few who are not desperate to be here. They do not respond to the usual incentives for maintaining discipline.
The HFC has rules, bylaws, and weekly meetings, often featuring experts on particular issues. HFC members have, Meadows believes, “a competitive advantage” in the House because they hone their arguments together in what Meadows calls “the best debating club on Capitol Hill.” If 80 percent of the HFC agree on an issue, it votes as a bloc, although members can receive two exemptions per Congress.
Meadows was contented as a businessman for whom politics was an avocation. About 30 years ago, he was the only person to attend a precinct meeting, thereby becoming the precinct’s chair. He rose in Republican ranks until redistricting after the 2010 census produced a congenial district, which he won in 2012.
In December 2014, he and a few others were disgusted by what was called “cromnibus.” This testimony to Congress’s normal dysfunction was a combination of a continuing resolution to keep the government running and an omnibus spending bill. Cromnibus was another of those “this is a binary choice, so you have no choice” moments. He and eight other conservatives chose to form a group of kindred spirits.
Meadows came to the nation’s attention by doing something eccentric: He read the House rules. Therein he learned about a “motion to vacate the chair.” Such a motion requires a vote on the speaker. John Boehner resigned as speaker and from the House rather than rely on Democratic votes to make up for lost votes from the HFC, whose members had felt the sting of his disapproval of their insufficient docility.
In last month’s dispute about Speaker Paul Ryan’s health-care bill, the president thought it was wise to tweet a demand that the HFC “get on the team.” And for Steve Bannon to reportedly summon HFC members to be instructed by him, with the warning: “This is not a discussion. This is not a debate. You have no choice but to vote for this bill.” And for the White House director of social media — your tax dollars at work — to tweet that an HFC member, Michigan’s Justin Amash, “is a big liability” who should be defeated in a primary.
The 32nd president, a somewhat more accomplished politician than the 45th, tried to purge some members of his party’s congressional caucus. Franklin Roosevelt became angry when some conservative Southern Democrats helped defeat his plan to break the Supreme Court to his saddle by enlarging it and filling the new seats with compliant liberals. He recruited and supported primary opponents against the offending Democrats.
All survived. One of them, Georgia’s senator Walter George, told that FDR was “his own worst enemy,” replied: “Not as long as I’m alive.” Republicans gained eight Senate seats in 1938, and their House ranks almost doubled, from 88 to 169. FDR never again had a liberal legislating majority in Congress. Today’s president should have second, or perhaps first, thoughts about a purge.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
There is a strange fiction that dominates American college campuses. It is the belief that America’s most “tolerant,” progressive, and sensitive communities are simultaneously virtual hellholes for marginalized members of the community, justifying emergency extra-constitutional measures designed to end oppression and defend the defenseless. Thus, the federal government hypes false statistics that a staggering 20 percent of female students will be victims of sexual assault. Thus, campuses implement disciplinary practices and policies that deny due process and treat straight men as guilty until proven innocent. And, colleges claim, it’s all necessary. After all, rape and sexual harassment represent life-changing traumas. False accusations and unjust punishment? Well, that’s just a momentary inconvenience — a small price to pay for the cause of social justice.
Tell that to the family of Thomas Klocke, a student at the University of Texas at Arlington.
On June 2, 2016, Klocke committed suicide — mere days after learning that he’d been disciplined for allegedly “harassing” a gay student. Last week, his family filed a lawsuit, laying out claims that — if proven true — should send chills down the spines of parents of male children.
The competing factual accounts are simple and difficult to resolve. A gay student accused Klocke (who was straight) of typing “gays should die” into the search bar of his browser during a classroom conversation about privilege. When the gay student then typed into his own computer, “I’m gay.” Klocke then allegedly said that the gay student was a “faggot” and that he should consider killing himself.
Klocke’s account was diametrically opposed. He claimed that the gay student called him “beautiful.” Klocke then typed into his web browser, “Stop, I’m straight.” The gay student replied, “I’m gay” and then allegedly kept glancing at Klocke, who eventually got up and moved seats.
The claims of what happened next are extraordinary. After the class, the gay student allegedly approached a senior administrator he knew, the university’s vice president of student affairs and dean of students. Rather than launching the school’s Title IX process for resolving complaints of sexual harassment or gender discrimination, the dean assisted the student in preparing a claim that circumvented normal procedures entirely.
The dean then allegedly assigned the case to the school’s associate director of academic integrity, who promptly issued an order prohibiting Klocke not only from contacting his accuser, he also prohibited him from attending the class where the incident occurred, and — crucially — from contacting any member of the class, directly or through any other person. Later, he reportedly barred Klocke’s father, an attorney, from attending a meeting regarding the case, and then “decided” the dispute without following university-prescribed procedures, without giving Klocke the opportunity to contact or call witnesses, and indeed without hearing from any witness who could corroborate either student’s claims. The school, for its part, denies that it departed from mandatory processes and asserts that it “followed its policies and procedures.”
The associate director of academic integrity found Klocke responsible for “harassment,” placed him on probation for the remainder of his academic career at the university, and prohibited him from returning to the class where the incident occurred, though he could work on “group projects outside the classroom.”
Parents of college boys sometimes take comfort that they can avoid the atmosphere of anti-male hysteria by asking them to follow some relatively simple, commonsense guidelines. Don’t drink too much. Don’t engage the hook-up culture. Use basic manners so that coarse talk isn’t misconstrued. No advice is foolproof, of course, but following those three guidelines — in addition to being virtuous on their own merits — will help avoid a multitude of problems.
Not for Klocke, however. If his account is true (the university claims it followed proper procedures), then he was doing everything right. He was minding his own business in class, declined an unwelcome sexual advance, and changed seats. If his account is true, a gay student potentially motivated by embarrassment or fear was able to take advantage of the known bias of campus administrators to punish the man that he approached.
The lawsuit makes the interesting claim — one that rings true with my own experience — that universities have “sought prestige and publicity portraying themselves as leaders in curtailing sexual harassment, sexual violence, and aggressive behavior on campus.” Consequently, they “have a vested interest in enacting swift and harsh punishment (almost always upon males) who are merely accused of sexual harassment, sexual violence, or aggressive behavior, in order to preserve the appearance of their leadership.”
During my own legal career, I’ve worked with students who’ve experienced many of the same things that Thomas Klocke’s family claims that he experienced. I’ve represented students whose parents were barred from disciplinary meetings, leaving them to face the wrath of administrators alone. I’ve seen students exploit existing relationships with administrators to achieve favorable outcomes in campus controversies. And I’ve also seen the speed and authority with which universities will respond to complaints by members of favored progressive victim groups.
But there’s something else I’ve seen. I’ve seen the cost imposed on students accused of misconduct — the fear and the stress as they feel like their reputations, their careers, and their dreams are vanishing before their very eyes. When they’re in the middle of the battle, and an entire school seems set against them, it can be hard to maintain perspective and to see through to the other side.
Suicide is a complicated phenomenon, and I have no doubt that additional facts will emerge as the case works its way through the judicial system, but no one — ever — should believe that crackdowns come without cost or that due process is an abstract concept, a mere inconvenience that stands in the way of social justice. As I’ve argued before, our universities stand on the edge of a constitutional crisis. Lawsuits are filling courtrooms from coast to coast, men and women face terrifying on-campus witch hunts, and the ideological and financial incentives are pushing universities to shove aside students’ and professors’ unalienable rights to meet the impossible demands of unreasonable campus radicals.
One doesn’t minimize sexual assault or sexual harassment by preserving due process. It is not a matter of either protecting the rights of the accuser or respecting the rights of the accused. Instead, due process is a basic human right. Failing to respect that right inflicts its own unique form of trauma on students, and sometimes that trauma can carry with it horrifying consequences.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Late in The Circle, Dave Eggers’s 2013 novel set in a near-future that is both staggering and entirely too plausible, the Google-like tech company referred to in the title proposes a small brand extension: Its next goal is to conquer the entire democratic project. Once a few trifling details are worked out, the Circle will take care of all balloting and tabulation, then disseminate the results. Oh, and voting will become compulsory, because that will obviously produce a better America than the one created by our current, half-interested populace. “We’re calling it Demoxie,” says a chipper executive. “Democracy with your voice and your moxie.”
Who could possibly oppose moxie, much less democracy? Left unstated is that the secret ballot will become a relic of the past. Also unmentioned is that we will all wind up voting exactly how the Circle wants us to vote: the company possesses so much information that it is inching nearer to absolute power. Already a few lawmakers raising concerns about the company’s reach have been defenestrated, in each case because inconvenient details about their private lives happened to leak out from their computers into the public sphere.
The novel, which has been adapted into a film of the same name (due out April 28) starring Emma Watson and Tom Hanks, is a vital work that ought to become standard conservative reading. It’s as if Brave New World and 1984 had a baby, and that baby’s nanny were Liberal Fascism. Eggers combines Huxley’s vision of a pleasure-saturated dystopia with an Orwellian take on propaganda and distorted language, all managed by smiley-faced authoritarians. Eggers might as well have taken as his starting point the George Carlin remark Jonah Goldberg explicated so wisely in Liberal Fascism: “When fascism comes to America, it will not be in brown and black shirts. It will not be with jack-boots. It will be Nike sneakers and Smiley shirts.”
Reading Eggers’s book today underlines the flaws in the Left’s hysteria about supposedly nascent Trumpofascism. If an authoritarian element is to insinuate itself into American life, it will do so not externally, with scowling generals and tanks on Maplewood Drive, but internally, invisibly, and to a large extent voluntarily. Bullets won’t be fired; they won’t have to be. And it’ll be hip, young, compassionate, sincere, globally minded progressives such as the Silicon Valley go-getters in The Circle who take us to our new destination, all the time insisting — believing — that stripping away one liberty after another in order to centralize power is what’s best for everyone.
We are introduced to the Circle through the eyes of a new employee, Mae (the Watson character in the movie, which I haven’t yet seen). She’s a recent college graduate who in the early going is a kind of New Economy update of Charlie Chaplin’s factory worker in Modern Times, rendered more and more hapless by the expanding array of gadgetry she is meant to master. An entry-level customer-service rep, she is beleaguered by the burgeoning number of screens installed on her desk, the urgent communiqués deluging her through various instant-messaging systems, and the many requests to participate in social-media groups. These become indistinguishable from demands in the tech world’s passive-aggressive culture of team spirit.
Mae’s soul is being hollowed out by the fizz and rattle of nonstop meaningless interaction, and her weakened state is essential to her being first seduced, and then weaponized, by the Circle. Sinister elements appear gradually, in each case vigorously defended by company bosses such as an avuncular co-founder, Eamon Bailey (Tom Hanks). Bailey and the other two founders are known within as the Three Wise Men, one of many hints that the Circle is misappropriating spiritual motifs even as it attempts to displace religious faith in the lives of its flock. Bailey (who has a stained-glass ceiling in his library) is relentless in his quest to immanentize the eschaton. He proposes the Circle as a kind of substitute for God’s eyes, asserting that everyone would live a moral life if he knew everything he did was being watched and recorded on the company’s servers. There is much joyful talk of the fast-approaching heaven on Earth called “Completion,” in which the Circle will have at last achieved all of its goals, to the presumed betterment of us all. Politicians and others are at first encouraged, then nudged, and then shoved into “going clear” (a sly reference to a central dogma of Scientology), meaning volunteering to wear cameras around their necks that record all of their interactions throughout their waking hours. (When using the bathroom, one is allowed to turn off the sound for three minutes.) Eggers dryly reports without comment that the Circle’s own internal deliberations are, meanwhile, cloaked from public view: “Those meetings are full of sensitive intellectual property,” exclaims one employee.
Mae is at first doubtful but, like Winston Smith, proves no match for the cascade of propaganda and gradually internalizes all of Bailey’s teachings, which culminate in a kind of show-trial-cum-TED-talk. Mae is publicly interviewed, or re-educated, by Bailey, in an auditorium full of her fellow employees looking on as he coaxes from her key admissions helpfully projected on a large screen: “PRIVACY IS THEFT.” “SHARING IS CARING.” “SECRETS ARE LIES.” In tech world, no torture is necessary; people like what is happening to them, and even sign up for it. At most they might need to be offered a $10 Starbucks gift card in exchange for ceding some heretofore-sacred modicum of privacy. One key figure in the Circle’s rise expresses disbelief that his most outlandish ideas, despite being self-evidently dangerous, grew not only popular but revered: He likens the situation to placing a guillotine in the town square and being shocked when people line up to put their necks in it.
Eggers, a supporter of both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, has the kind of ideological credentials you would expect from a well-heeled Bay Area career ironist. Yet The Circle demonstrates that the progressive-authoritarian direction of American culture today can hardly be misread by any serious thinker, even someone who is mostly on board with the liberal agenda. Mercer, Mae’s Luddite ex-boyfriend and one of the two figures in the novel who see clearly the ramifications of the Circle’s growing clout, denounces the insistently progressive company as “Digital Brownshirts” who worship a “golden calf,” comparing the meeting that hatches the idea for the Circle’s takeover of democracy to Triumph of the Will. In a letter he writes Mae that she broadcasts to the world, Mercer pleads for a reversal, a renewed commitment to freedom and individualism. In response, the Internet scoffs. “One watcher in Missoula,” Eggers writes, “had already read it while wearing a powdered wig, the background filled with faux-patriotic music. That video had been seen three million times.”
It must be painful to a hipster icon such as Eggers to admit it, but in a brave new tech world, the ideals of the men in the powdered wigs become more, not less, crucial.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Capitalism is unpopular for four reasons: banks, health-insurance companies, cable providers, and airlines. These all have something in common.
Airlines are in the wringer this week, with United shaming itself in spectacular fashion: Having overbooked a flight and seated the passengers, the company found itself needing four seats—not for paying customers but for airline employees who needed to be moved to another airport. When they did not find any takers for their paltry travel-voucher offers, they simply dispatched armed men to the airplane to force paying customers off, in a now-famous case, literally dragging one of them away.
As I learned after waiting six hours for American Airlines to figure out how to get a flight crew to LaGuardia, airlines have an awful time of this, in spite of the fact that they — let’s focus on this fact, for a second — own airplanes. (Lots of them.) Not only do they have problems getting their workers to airports, they also have problems getting — perplexing though it is! — airplanes to airports. US Airways once canceled a flight of mine because the airplane we were supposed to be on was reassigned to another flight for which the company — which is an airline, with a large fleet of airplanes — had no available airplane.
The FAA Consortium in Aviation Operations Research estimated a few years back that the inability of U.S. airlines to deliver the services they have been paid for and that they agreed to deliver costs businesses something like $17 billion. But that does not really capture the expense. A conference I attended not long ago was scheduled to get under way in the afternoon, but all of those who were speaking or who had other formal roles at the event were contractually required to arrive the evening before. There was plenty of time to fly in on the morning of the conference and arrive well before the opening of the conference, assuming the airlines kept to their schedule — but the organizers, who are not fools, were not willing to bet on that happening. I did a little back-of-the-envelope English-major math and concluded that the extra hotel rooms alone must have added a six-figure sum to the organizers’ expenses; if a significant number of the guests followed suit and decided not to bet on the airlines’ keeping their schedules, then the extra expenditure would have easily exceeded $1 million. There are thousands of events like that around the country every day.
I spent a few years keeping track of my flights, and I found that about three-quarters of my trips included at least one flight segment with a delay of 30 minutes or longer.
RELATED: United 3411 and the Flight from Reason
The airlines are terrible, of course, and every time one of them goes kaput, I do a little happy dance . . . until I remember that all that means is that the equally terrible remaining airlines have less competition. I sincerely believe that American Airlines ought to be forced to change its name for reasons of patriotism and good taste. At least US Airways is no longer libeling the nation, though my campaign to have Delta renamed Omega is going nowhere.
As bad as the airlines are, it remains possible to offer stupid criticism of them, as Eric Levitz does in New York. Levitz sings a familiar lament, the one about deregulation. Among other things, he complains that certain state capitals do not have their own airports. (Because of course the people in the capital are very important, not like you provincials! Haven’t you seen Hunger Games?) One of those capitals is Salem, Ore., which is a town of fewer than 200,000 people an hour’s drive from the Portland International Airport — i.e., it is a place that does not have its own airport for the same reason Yonkers does not have its own airport. Another capital he names is Olympia, Wash., which is a town of fewer than 50,000 residents an hour’s drive from SeaTac — i.e., it is a place that does not have its own airport for the same reason Bridgewater, N.J., does not have its own airport.
Levitz uncritically quotes Washington Monthly’s claim that airline deregulation transferred “control of the airline industry from experts answerable to the public to corporate boardrooms and Wall Street.” We have lots of important services purportedly controlled by “experts answerable to the public,” but our public schools are still terrible, the LAPD is still corrupt, and the New York City subways still smell like hobo. Control by “experts answerable to the public” sounds lovely to progressive ears, but nobody bothers to ask how well that has worked.
RELATED: Conservatives Against Modern Skies? 
In fact, a great deal of what is wrong with American air travel has nothing to do with deregulation and price competition, which have worked excellently: A round-trip NYC-L.A. flight cost about 100 hours of average-wage labor in the early 1960s, back when Don Draper was flirting with all those Pan-Am stewardesses; that trip now costs about 17 hours of average-wage labor. Rather, what’s wrong has to do with — let me find the words — “experts answerable to the public,” those being the buffoons who run our local airport authorities, the buffoons in charge of air-traffic control, and the thieving, dope-and-porn-smuggling, molester-y buffoons at the Transportation Security Administration.
Airlines are like banks, health-insurance companies, and cable providers in that they work in very heavily regulated industries with relatively low profit margins, which creates enormous pressure for consolidation. (Notice how many health-insurance companies ditched markets they had previously served after the grievously misnamed Affordable Care Act was passed.) Those industries also are alike in that the relatively few players who remain in the market are heavily constrained by public-sector actors with powers that no private-sector monopoly would ever dare to dream of: the Federal Reserve, Medicare, the FCC, and the motley gangs of bureaucrats that have a hand in the airline business.
That is not the only possible model. New Zealand, for example, privatized its airports some years ago, and the results have been pretty good, especially when compared with the performance of such Progressive-era panels of “experts answerable to the public” as the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. In the United States, it is regulation, not deregulation, that prevents foreign carriers from competing in the domestic market, which is not the case in New Zealand, which entered into a number of open-skies agreements to increase domestic competition, something our dinosaur airlines have fought against tooth and talon. And in New Zealand, airlines are obliged to compensate passengers if they bump them—up to ten times the cost of the ticket. No so in the United States.
And that points to one of the biggest reasons people hate banks, cable companies, health-insurance companies, and airlines: There is an in-your-face asymmetry of power. If the airline says your flight is going to be delayed by two hours — not because of a hurricane or unforeseeable events but because of straightforward managerial incompetence — then you basically have to live with it. You don’t get to say: “Okay, but I’m taking $50 off the airfare.” Your bank expects you to accept screw-ups on its part that might cost you hundreds or thousands of dollars if the mistake was yours. (My bank just spent 46 cents to send me a check for . . . 47 cents . . . because apparently I bank with people who cannot quite manage to calculate interest correctly.) Your cable service may go out for hours at a time, but if you’re one minute late with your payment, expect penalties.
That is one major problem with heavily regulated industries in which there is insufficient competition: The managers act as though the business were organized for their benefit rather than for the customers, and that attitude seeps down to front-line workers. The typical airline employee treats the typical traveler as though he simply is in the way. I once was introduced to an executive who informed me that he was in charge of “strategic planning” for a large municipal utility company. I asked him whether his strategic plan was to keep being a monopoly. “I’d really be exploring that angle, strategic-planning-wise,” I advised. He did not seem to appreciate my counsel.
If I were a better sort of person, I’d have a little sympathy for the senior executives at United, who must be having a hell of a week. I am not a better sort of person, and I’d be content to see them flogged in the streets. But that’s no way to make policy.
Fortunately, there are options.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Last week on Fox News’ Special Report, syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer suggested that the message behind President Trump’s military retaliation for Syria’s use of chemical weapons is twofold. It’s not that “there’s a new sheriff in town,” he explained, but that there is a sheriff at all.
Krauthammer’s point, echoed by numerous conservatives, is that President Obama’s obsessive pursuit of a nuclear deal with Iran, combined with his instinct to “lead from behind,” created a leadership vacuum around the world. North Korea, China, Russia, and, of course, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad all pressed their advantages based on the assumption that America wouldn’t really do anything. The Syrian strike sends the message that, in Krauthammer’s words, “America is back.”
I’m inclined to agree. But back to do what?
If I may extend Krauthammer’s metaphor a bit: A staple of nearly every Western with a new sheriff in town is the nefarious saloon full of scoundrels and women of easy virtue. The new lawman comes in and fires a warning shot in the air. The piano player pauses. The bartender freezes.
And the sheriff says . . . ?
Well that’s just it, isn’t it? Trump got everyone’s attention with those 59 Tomahawk missiles. But he doesn’t seem interested in telling us how to interpret them. His pre-strike comments at the Rose Garden amounted to a kind of bleeding-heart interventionism, bemoaning the death of “babies, beautiful babies.” His formal statement after the strike was a bit more disciplined, citing our national-security interest to thwart the use of chemical weapons — but again he mentioned those babies.
And that’s about it. Trump hasn’t really talked about the strike. His weekly address on Saturday only offered this clue: “Our decisions will be guided by our values and our goals — and we will reject the path of inflexible ideology that too often leads to unintended consequences.”
(For what it’s worth, ad hoc decisions can have unintended consequences, too.)
Needless to say — because everyone else has already said it — this is all in stark contrast to the kind of “America First” presidency we were promised. That’s why some of Trump’s harshest critics are almost giddy and some of his most loyal supporters are crestfallen.
His surrogates haven’t entirely cleared things up.
Over the weekend on CNN, our ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley (for whom my wife works), said that regime change in Syria was inevitable and that more strikes may be in the cards. On CBS, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insisted that our Syria policy hasn’t changed, and on ABC, he disclosed that we’ve actually “coordinated somewhat” with the regime we want to change in order to fight the Islamic State. On Monday, Tillerson said at an event in Italy, “We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world.” Taken literally, that would make America the global sheriff.
I feel like I’m watching a Fellini movie without subtitles: I have no idea what’s going on.
I’m hardly alone. According to Politico, the White House communications director told his staff “there is no Trump doctrine” on foreign policy, which apparently came as a surprise to the campaign veterans who took that America First stuff literally and seriously.
The prominent foreign-policy hawk Max Boot writes (in Commentary magazine) that “it is incumbent on Trump now to explain why he has changed his mind and what this portends for future U.S. policy . . . ”
I’m actually not so sure. The president often boasts that he’s “unpredictable.” Unpredictability can be dangerous, particularly for our allies. But in this case all the right parties — Russia, Syria, China, North Korea — got the right message: “Watch it.” Why spoil the high note with a lot of explanation?
Moreover, what good would it do? Even if Trump gave a foreign-policy address detailing some hastily manufactured “Trump Doctrine,” this strike alone proves what we’ve known all along: He will not be a slave to consistency.
Events will ultimately clarify the true meaning — intended or not — of the new sheriff’s warning shot. Until then, Trump is happy to chalk up a win and move on.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: In the current issue of National Review, we have a piece by Jay Nordlinger on Vladimir Kara-Murza, the Russian democracy leader. This week in his Impromptus, Mr. Nordlinger has expanded that piece. For the first two installments, go here and here. The series concludes today.
In America, we’ve had a lot of talk recently about patriotism and nationalism. In Russia recently, there was an amazing conversation in a classroom. On one side were a teacher and a principal; on the other, the students. This was in the city of Bryansk, about 235 miles southwest of Moscow.
From this classroom, a student had been snatched by the police. His offense was to encourage others to participate in an anti-corruption rally. After the student’s arrest, the principal came in to have a talk with the class, along with the teacher.
And a student recorded the conversation, which was later transcribed and published at Meduza, the Russian news site. (The journalists who work at Meduza operate in Riga, Latvia, so that they can report freely and truthfully on their homeland, Russia. It’s too dangerous to do so at home.) To read a transcript of the conversation in English, go here.
A student says that “there are videos going around” showing Russian troops in Ukraine. The principal says, “The videos are staged, for starters.” The teacher chimes in, “And you shouldn’t believe them.”
Another student says, “Our TV networks show only what’s good for the government.” The principal, who has evidently had enough, says, “I got it. Somehow, we messed up your civic education. In terms of civics, you’ve got big shortcomings. Do you all mean to tell me that there are no patriots in your class?”
The student says, “And what does it mean to be a patriot? That you support the authorities?”
Every day, people such as Vladimir Kara-Murza are called “national traitors.” They are “American spies” and the like. In response to this, Kara-Murza talks to me a little about Boris Nemtsov, his late friend, the leader of the Russian opposition.
“He was a great Russian patriot. He gave his life for his country. What more can you do than that? So many other people who are supposedly liberals or democrats from the ’90s chose to settle for a quiet and comfortable existence under the Putin regime, either working for it or keeping their distance from the opposition.”
Nemtsov could have done anything, says Kara-Murza. He was a brilliant scientist — remember that Ph.D. in physics at age 25 — and he had extensive, nearly unique experience in Russian politics. He could have taught anywhere in the West. But he never considered it. “This is my country,” he would say, “and I have to fight for it.”
Kara-Murza says, “There is nothing more unpatriotic than stealing from your own citizens, which is what Putin and his cronies are doing. There is nothing more unpatriotic than shutting people up, beating up peaceful protesters, rigging elections, which is another form of stealing — stealing votes from your own people. How is that patriotic?”
According to Kara-Murza, “true patriots are trying to change things. They think that Russia should be a normal, modern, democratic country. People are prepared to fight for it, even at the risk of their own lives. They are the true patriots in Russia.”
Ukraine is important. I ask Kara-Murza to tell me why — why Ukraine is important in the context of Russia.
“The most important motivation of Mr. Putin’s aggression in Ukraine was not geopolitical. It was not related to foreign policy. It was domestic. It wasn’t about ‘sphere of influence’ or restoring the old Soviet empire, although these things might have been added benefits, from the regime’s point of view.”
No, continues Kara-Murza, “the most important motivation was domestic, at least as I see it.”
Consider: “When Mr. Putin saw those images of hundreds of thousands of people on the streets of Kiev, and those images of Mr. Yanukovych hastily boarding his helicopter and fleeing — he didn’t enjoy those pictures. It hit too close to home. Think of it: a kleptocratic strongman, forced out of power by mass protests on the streets of the capital.”
In Kara-Murza’s view, Putin fears a Ukrainian-style democratic uprising in Russia. “That may sound unlikely now. It was unlikely in Ukraine, too, until a few years ago.”
Kara-Murza makes a point I have never heard before: Democracies in Estonia, Poland, and other neighbors — that doesn’t spook Putin and his crew so much. Democracy in Ukraine? That’s another story.
“We live so close to each other. We are close as peoples, as cultures, as nations. We’ve been living together for centuries. Our languages are similar — I understand 80 percent of Ukrainian.”
A successful Ukrainian democracy? A democratic and European Ukraine? A modern, normal, democratic nation? That would set a hell of an example for Russia. It would be an inspiration for Russians.
Which is why Putin et al. are dead set against it.
There are many who maintain that the Russians aren’t fit for democracy, or aren’t desirous of it. They like a firm, authoritarian hand.
Of course, similar things have been said of many peoples. Southern Europeans, for instance, worshipped throne and altar. They would never cotton to liberal democracy. Neither would East Asians. They had “Asian values” instead. Liberal democracy was just an Anglo-American hang-up.
Kara-Murza says that the charge against Russia is flat wrong — and a convenience for those who are loath to see an open Russia.
Many in the West will tell you that Putin is popular in Russia. Very, very popular. They cite opinion polls. President Trump has done this several times: say how popular Putin is and cite opinion polls.
Vladimir Kara-Murza asks for reason. Russians have been subjected to one-sided government propaganda for many years. They see what happens to people who protest in the street: They are beaten up, carted off to prison, etc. They see that opponents of the government are called traitors, spies, and so on.
And then they get a phone call from a “polling agency,” wherein a stranger asks, “Do you support Putin or not?”
Really? Are you kidding me?
Kara-Murza says, “People should stop talking about Russia in terms taken from democratic countries: ‘polls,’ ‘elections.’”
He also says this: If Putin is so popular, why does he have to censor the media? Why does he have to rig elections? Why does he have to exile, imprison, or kill opponents? Huh?
For many years — decades — people in free countries told me how popular Fidel Castro was in Cuba. Oddly enough, he never risked proving this popularity in a genuine election.
Of course, there are many, many people who support and like Putin in the West. Kara-Murza says that many are simply ignorant. They don’t know what Putin truly is. Others, meanwhile, are on the take. They profit from the Putin regime. Kara-Murza suspects we will learn a lot about this once the regime falls, even as we learned a lot from records after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Then there are people who support Putin out of affinity. “There have always been fellow travelers and enablers,” says Kara-Murza: “people who themselves live in the West and choose to justify and defend the actions of dictators who abuse the rights of their own people. I find such behavior despicable.”
Sing it.
“We’re not asking for Western help,” says Kara-Murza. “It’s our task to change the government in Russia — to bring democracy and the rule of law to Russia. This is for us to do: not Trump, not any outside forces.”
He then says, “The only thing we ask of Western countries is that they live by the principles that they espouse. That they practice what they preach. That they not serve as havens for Putin’s kleptocrats, stashing money that was looted from the Russian people. We ask them not to help Putin by treating him as a respectable partner on the global stage.”
Etc.
I mention to Kara-Murza that many say that the Russian people are indifferent — that they have a sense of futility about change, and simply want to keep their heads down, getting through life as best they can.
In fact, there is an old saying, which I repeat to Kara-Murza: “People don’t make history, they make a living.”
So true, says Kara-Murza. In every situation, there are always a few — a relative few — spearheads. But then he asks me to consider something else: the mass protests in Russia that started in the winter of 2011-12. The “Snow Revolution,” some people call it.
“If somebody had told me in September 2011 that three months later there would be more than 100,000 people standing across the Moscow River from the Kremlin, demanding Putin’s resignation, I would have said, ‘You’re living in cloud cuckoo land.’”
Kara-Murza continues, “For years, if we got 500 people at an opposition rally, we were happy. If we got a thousand, it was a great success. But that winter, we had 100,000, 125,000, 150,000 people coming out and saying, Enough is enough.”
Unfortunately, says Kara-Murza, “the push wasn’t hard enough. You know how it ended.” (With Putin’s crackdown.) “But these things can happen quickly and unexpectedly.”
True, true.
Kara-Murza points out that young people have never known anything but Putin. He has been in power for 17 years. Young people find out how people live elsewhere — and ask, “Why can’t we?”
What faith do the ruling elite, those great patriots, have in the future of Russia? Kara-Murza says they tend to send their families abroad — “which tells you a lot. They don’t care about Russia or believe in Russia. They treat it as a source of revenue: a source of looting and money-laundering.”
Kara-Murza’s family is abroad, of course: in America. That’s a matter of prudence, a matter of safety. Kara-Murza has been poisoned — nearly murdered — twice. His doctors have told him: “If there’s a third one, you won’t survive it.”
And yet Kara-Murza is going back — back to Russia — once he makes a full recovery from the second poisoning, the second murder attempt.
Will his name protect him? Kara-Murza is fairly well-known, and, as I’ve mentioned, he has been featured on 60 Minutes here in America. Kara-Murza answers, in effect, Are you kidding? “If they can kill the leader of the opposition on the bridge next to the Kremlin, they can do anything.”
Ah. Good point. (Kara-Murza is speaking, as you know, of Boris Nemtsov.)
I introduce him to an American expression — one that I believe comes from sports: “Don’t be a hero.” Don’t be reckless, recklessly brave. You could get hurt. Of course, you can’t tell someone like Kara-Murza something like this. I have had long experience. They go ahead and do it anyway. They feel compelled.
If Kara-Murza wanted to take it easy — keep his head down — anyone would understand. The most die-hard oppositionist would forgive him. Two poisonings is enough, right? Kara-Murza has “paid his dues.” And yet, he is determined to press on.
What about Yevgenia? What does his wife think of all this? If you ask her, she’ll say, “I knew what I was signing up for, when I married him.” Vladimir tells me, with a hint of a blush, “I’m grateful to have such a woman in my life.”
I tell him how much I admire him, how astounding he is. He will have none of it. “I’m just stubborn.”
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: Colson Whitehead’s novel The Underground Railroad won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction on Monday. Below is Jay Nordlinger’s review of the book from the October 10, 2016, issue of National Review.
Colson Whitehead is an American novelist, born in 1969. He is one of the most praised and honored writers in the country. He has won a Guggenheim Fellowship, a MacArthur “genius grant,” etc. His latest novel has been hailed in the Boston Globe as a “fully realized masterpiece.” President Obama announced that it was on his reading list. Oprah Winfrey picked it for her book club — which can mean a bonanza.
(I never thought Al Franken was funny, before or after he was elected to the Senate, but I did smile on reading about the dedication of one of his books: “For Oprah.”)
The New York Times published a lengthy excerpt of Whitehead’s novel. And reviewers’ copies came with an extraordinary letter, serving as the very first page of the book. The letter was from the editor in chief of Doubleday, who spoke of the book in near-historic terms. “To bring novels like this into the world is the reason we all chose this maddening profession.”
Colson Whitehead is a beloved African-American writer who has now penned a sweeping novel of slavery. He is, in a sense, beyond criticism: a Morgan Freeman of letters. Yet he is a man, not a totem, and I bet he appreciates being treated as such.
This novel, The Underground Railroad, is touched with greatness. It is also touched with okayness. It is an uneven book, with marvelous passages and un-marvelous ones. There are home runs and whiffs. I think of musicians who are brilliant one night and off the next. Other musicians are neither brilliant nor off, ever.
Whitehead’s book is most successful when it tells its story. It is least successful, I think, when it teaches and preaches — like a social-studies teacher, being sure that you recognize America’s massive sins. Also, I think some of Whitehead’s moral and historical judgments are wrong. But I remember that it’s his book, not mine or yours.
The Underground Railroad is the story of a young woman, a slave named Cora, who runs away from a plantation in Georgia. The story begins with her grandmother, Ajarry, who has been snatched from Africa. “Two yellow-haired sailors rowed Ajarry out to the ship, humming. White skin like bone.” Before long, her captors rape her. She twice tries to kill herself, “once by denying herself food and then again by drowning.”
Telling his story of slavery, Whitehead uses the language of the time, and it can take some getting used to: “buck,” “pickaninny,” and, of course, the worst word of all, “nigger.” Children in slavery are relatively carefree, for a short time. Then they have the joy ground out of them, as Whitehead says. “One day a pickaninny was happy and the next the light was gone from them; in between they had been introduced to a new reality of bondage.” (Whitehead uses pronouns in a modern fashion.)
Let me give you one of the most beautiful, and striking, sentences in the whole book. It’s about a freedwoman who “was meticulous in her posture, a walking spear, in the manner of those who’d been made to bend and will bend no more.”
In slavery stories, I find, as in Holocaust and other stories, all you need to do is tell it — without gilding the lily. The subject matter, and the attendant events, are horrible enough. Whitehead has one matter-of-fact statement that is a real stunner: “Lucy and Titania never spoke, the former because she chose not to, and the latter because her tongue had been hacked out by a previous owner.”
I was stopped by another sentence too — one that explains that two dogs “had been beloved by all, man and nigger alike, even if they couldn’t keep away from the chickens.” In my ear, this echoes Twain (“We blowed out a cylinder-head.” “Good gracious! anybody hurt?” “No’m. Killed a nigger.” “Well, it’s lucky; because sometimes people do get hurt”).
On the plantation, there is non-stop sadism. One day, white people assemble for a picnic. The entertainment, to accompany their eating, is the sight of a black man being tortured to death. Ultimately, he is doused with oil and roasted. Whitehead writes, “The southern white man was spat from the loins of the devil and there was no way to forecast his next evil act.”
In due course, Cora makes a run for it, together with a fellow slave. For a while, the novel becomes a thriller. The runaways are chased by the evilest slave-catcher of all, Ridgeway, who, to add insult to injury, has a philosophy: “the American Imperative.” It is the American Imperative, he says, to kill, steal, enslave, and destroy.
By the way, the Underground Railroad, in The Underground Railroad, is not a metaphor. It is literal: a network of subterranean tracks, complete with choo-choos, engineers, and so forth. There is such fancy in this novel (a novel being a good place for fancy).
In South Carolina, the runaways have a respite, doing honorable work among decent white people — or decent-seeming. Actually, the whites are subjecting blacks to eugenics — well before Margaret Sanger. They are also injecting them with syphilis — well before the Tuskegee Experiment.
It is in South Carolina, I think, that the narrative grinds to a halt, or at least slows considerably. The author takes to teaching and preaching. He is the social-studies teacher, with one didactic paragraph after another. The evil that Americans did to the Red Man, for example. (In point of fact, some evil ran both ways.) Can’t Whitehead assume that people know this? I was reminded of the sitcoms I grew up on in the 1970s and ’80s, not all of them produced by Norman Lear: always making sure that social points were driven home, in purse-lipped ways.
As a rule, teaching in a novel should be accidental, I think, not bluntly striven for.
Whitehead depicts black people strung up in trees, for miles and miles, as far as the eye can see. He dubs this “the Freedom Trail” — thus pouring irony and scorn on the real Freedom Trail, that path in Boston which leads a traveler past hallowed Revolutionary sites.
In North Carolina, an Irish maid rats out her employers, Martin and Ethel, who have been harboring a fugitive slave (Cora). In explanation, she tells her friends, “A girl’s got to look after her interests if she’s going to get ahead in this country.” Is that the maid talking or Whitehead? I think Whitehead, really, more than his character.
Earlier, I spoke of moral judgments — and my disagreement with the author. He mocks Ethel for her girlhood desire to serve as a missionary in Africa. Fair enough. Whitehead uses religion as a foil in this book. Again, fair enough. But he mocks the woman after she has been lynched — stoned to death — by a white mob. Is the mocking really necessary, at this point? In the margin of the page, I wrote, “Heartless.”
Worse, Whitehead equates the white man who wants to rape the slave with the white man who wants to help her — because they both act from selfish purposes, wanting satisfaction.
This book has a point of view, maybe even an agenda: America the misbegotten and irredeemable. The country was built by slaves, with no one else contributing a lick. A hero of the book — probably a spokesman for the author — says, “This nation shouldn’t exist, if there is any justice in the world, for its foundations are murder, theft, and cruelty. Yet here we are.”
In the closing two pages, there is a suggestion of the parable of the Good Samaritan. Cora is by the side of the road, badly in need of help. A white couple passes her by (like the priest in the parable). Then comes a young man with red hair and blue eyes. He asks (unlike the Levite) whether the stranger needs help. She shakes her head no, and he moves on. Finally comes the Samaritan, so to speak: “an older negro man,” whose eyes are kind.
I think back to the opening chapters on slavery — the capture of Ajarry, Cora’s grandmother; Cora’s life on the Georgia plantation. One effect they had on me was to make me wonder, What would I do, if I were enslaved? How much would I comply? How much would I rebel? How much would I risk? Would I run? No one can know the answers, I think. We are lucky enough not to be slaves.
To Whitehead’s style, or modus operandi, I had this objection: Momentous events happen too abruptly, even nonchalantly. The discovery of a long-hidden fugitive, for example. It’s wham, bam, thank you, ma’am. We need a little . . . space, somehow.
Also, you know how, in horror movies and other movies, the good guys leave the bad guy alive, instead of killing him off when they have the chance? And you’re screaming, “Don’t leave him alive, he’ll come back!”? The same kind of thing is liable to happen in novels. The calamitous return of the un-killed-off bad guy is a cliché.
I have spoken of one dragging part of The Underground Railroad, and there are others. But, on the whole, the book kept me turning pages. I wanted to find out what happened next. I turned fast, straight through to the end. This may seem like faint praise, especially in light of the treatment that this novel has been accorded. But it is not. Not in my book.
— Jay Nordlinger is a senior editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
All too many people govern themselves and others in the following manner: Once they determine that they have rights or authority in any given context, they are relieved from any greater moral responsibility. They can act imperiously. They can be outraged. They can be unreasonable. After all, the law or justice or morality is on their side.
We see this phenomenon all the time in our daily lives. It’s in the clerk at the DMV who barks at you when you stand in the wrong line, the parent at your kid’s school who tears into a teacher the instant they perceive that their child has been wronged, or the supervisor at work who just can’t get over the fact that you didn’t put the cover sheets on your TPS reports. Oh, and it’s basically every single person involved in the entire fracas on United Flight 3411.
For those who’ve been hiking the Appalachian Trail or trekking through Antarctica during these last 24 hours and don’t know what happened on United Airlines, here’s the basic summary. United oversold a flight and needed four volunteers to make room for United employees who needed to be on the flight. When there were no volunteers — even when United allegedly offered an $800 travel voucher — the airline randomly selected four passengers for removal. Most got off the plane without incident. One refused. Then, this happened:
What followed was one of the most epic corporate public-relations disasters in recent memory. Rather than simply apologizing profusely, United went ahead and coined perhaps the most Orwellian term in the history of corporate doublespeak. See it for yourself:
Twitter, needless to say, had a field day with the term “re-accommodate” — especially when it emerged that PRWeek had named Munoz “communicator of the year” just last month. By late last night, Jimmy Kimmel had already created a new ad and slogan for United.
All told, the airline’s failure to sell one of its passengers a travel voucher led to a cascading series of failures that have ultimately cost it tens of millions of dollars in negative publicity, and that number is rising every minute.
Can we back up for a minute, however, and talk about how everyone involved abused either his legal or moral authority? How each relevant person apparently decided that whatever authority they had was to be exercised in the most unreasonable fashion possible?
First, United certainly had the contractual power to remove the passengers from the plane, but it was unreasonable to exercise that power after raising the asking price to only $800.
Second, security officials had the legal authority to use at least some degree of force to move the passenger (after all, a person can’t defeat the law merely by squatting in place), but they used so much force that they injured a man who wasn’t a physical threat to the officers or any other person on the plane.
Third, when the passenger was treated unfairly by the airline, he certainly achieved that coveted state in American culture — victim status — but that didn’t relieve him of his own responsibility to act reasonably. He had no legal right to stay in the seat. He should have gotten up. When the officers laid hands on him, he should have moved. He shouldn’t have started screaming like a maniac. All of those things were unreasonable.
Finally, we’ve defined expectations so far down that I can almost see how a corporate PR flack would believe that he could get away with some artful wordsmithing rather than a simple, sincere apology. Munoz’s sin wasn’t the spin — everyone wrongly expects that, and our low expectations only empower more spin — his sin was that he was comically inept.
And so here we are, a series of events that seems to compress our loss of manners, kindness, and honesty into a single viral story. Imagine if just one — just one — of the individuals in this entire chain of affairs had stopped obsessing over their rights and power and instead had asked themselves, “If I was in their shoes, how would I like to be treated?”
You’d offer more money for volunteers or give the doctor an opportunity to explain to other passengers why he needed to be back home (so that someone else may have been moved to offer their seat). Your methods to remove an obviously angry and distressed passenger would have been more respectful. Or, if you were the passenger, you’d do like the other bumped passengers did and remove yourself from a seat you had no legal right to occupy. Finally, if you were the CEO of United, you’d simply say, “We’re sorry. We’ll make this right.”
I’m reminded of a popular quote of unknown provenance, “Be kind, for everyone you meet is carrying a heavy burden.” Or perhaps we can boil it down to two words: “Be reasonable.” In an era of entitlement, reason is kind. Really, it’s just implied from the Golden Rule. “So whatever you wish that others would do to you, do also to them.” It’s an effective rule of human behavior, one with a pedigree several millennia old. United should try it. The screaming doctor should try it. We should try it. Only Twitter thrives in a culture of pettiness, unreason, and malice. Our nation surely does not.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
The recent U.S. airstrikes in Syria and the contested nature of Steve Bannon’s role in the White House have raised questions not just about Donald Trump’s strategy, but about Donald Trump’s ideology. Members of the so-called alt-right described being “bitterly disappointed” with Trump to The Atlantic’s Rosie Gray, with white nationalist Richard Spencer saying that he felt “betrayed.” The very concept of “Trumpism,” the purported ideological bedrock of Donald Trump’s campaign, seems to be in question.
Trumpism has been described in National Review Online, for instance, as promoting “tradition, populism, and American greatness.” But nearly 100 days into Trump’s presidency, Trumpism has still been largely defined by its observers and adherents rather than by its purported creator. Perhaps that’s because there was never any such thing as true Trumpism to begin with.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump signified at once a rejection of liberalism and, to some, of traditional small-government conservatism, while embracing nationalism and a form of populism fit for the 21st century. But that was Campaign Trumpism, when Donald Trump at once could claim a purported allegiance to Evangelical Christianity and wave a rainbow flag at a rally.
Campaign Trumpism was effective because it could be different things at different times. Campaign Trumpism offered strength in times of weakness, clarity in an increasingly confused political era. But Trumpism, in and of itself, was largely dependent on the perception of the viewers, be they Midwestern farmers looking for lower taxes and an end to Obamacare or third-party voters opposed to Hillary Clinton’s hawkishness. To them, Trump offered everything and nothing: “health care for everyone” and an end to wars in the Middle East — and winning, so much winning. He sold conservative voters on a transition from eight years of liberalism to a future governed by Republican ideals; on a middle finger to coastal “elites” and progressive activists; on a country that would control its government, and not the other way around.
Thus, Trumpism — supposedly the ideology of Donald Trump — was in reality not a Trump-created product. How could it be, when Trump’s statements were largely reflections of whatever he thought would be popular at the precise moment he made them? (Sometimes he misjudged his audience, as when he fumbled Chris Matthews’s question on whether women who seek to terminate their pregnancies should be punished.) Rather, Trumpism was made out of whole cloth, by his supporters and by his detractors, cobbled together from an amalgamation of The Art of the Deal and divinations of Trump’s innermost thoughts based on his staffing decisions and tweets. Trumpism was less an interpretation of another language than a wholly invented phrasebook for a language that was never real in the first place. Trump’s genius was in letting millions of people largely believe what they wanted to believe about his policies and preferences and refusing to get in the way.
But in truth, “Trumpism” never existed. There was no overarching theory behind his candidacy, no coherent governing strategy. Trumpism was never defined by Trump himself, and it will have no real relevance for how he will govern. He will be more influenced by polling and cable television than by “The Flight 93 Election.” He will bomb Syrian airfields because he sees images of murdered children on the news, and no alt-right blogger will be able to change his mind. He will abandon plans to repeal and replace Obamacare because its potential replacement would be even more unpopular with voters than the existing law. He will listen more attentively to his cherished son-in-law than to the publisher of Breitbart News. This is not who Donald Trump campaigned as, but this is who Donald Trump is.
Conservatives who look to Trump for leadership are not looking at Donald Trump, president. They are instead looking for the Donald Trump of their dreams, the one who promised a border wall and an end to government overreach. That Donald Trump does not exist. Neither does the alt-right Donald Trump who demands a full-throated populism constructed on racial foundations, or anti-war Donald Trump, or any other form of the man who currently inhabits the Oval Office. And nor, to his own deep disappointment, does the Donald Trump of the 2016 presidential campaign exist, the one who launched chants of “lock her up” in packed arenas across the country.
There is no wizard behind the curtain of Trumpism, and no governing ideology. Just Donald Trump.
— Jane Coaston is a politics writer for MTV News. She is based in Washington, D.C.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Make no mistake: President Trump’s airstrikes against Syria were unconstitutional.
Military action may well have been justified from a moral standpoint. The Assad regime’s war on its own people and its use of chemical weapons required a response, arguably including a retaliatory strike to deter further such attacks. Inaction, as much as action, has profound human consequences. There is a case to be made that America should have taken military action against Assad in 2013, or even as early as 2011, in order to protect innocent Syrians from their own government.
The strikes may have been justified from a strategic standpoint, too — as a means of both advancing America’s interests in the region’s security and counteracting the perception of American weakness left by President Obama’s dithering response to past Syrian chemical-weapons attacks. A feckless, feeble United States — one that retreats from declared “red lines,” abandons the region to Vladimir Putin, creates a vacuum for the rise of ISIS, and generates a massive humanitarian and refugee crisis — is good for nobody.
But from a legal standpoint, there can be no doubt that Trump’s Tomahawk strike on the Syrian regime was a violation of the U.S. Constitution. And to let it pass, especially given this president’s authoritarian tendencies, is to invite grave danger. This act of war might be one that some are inclined to cheer. But if the principle is conceded, or the precedent set, that Trump (or any president, for that matter) can take our country to war with another — on his own, without congressional authorization, in violation of the Constitution — then there will be nothing to stop him from initiating any further wars he wants, against any foes he wants, at any time he chooses, based on his own good judgment (or lack thereof). And that should frighten Americans of all political persuasions.
EDITORIAL: Syria After the Airstrikes
The explicit intention of the Framers of the Constitution, expressed in the clearest language imaginable, was that the power to “declare war” be reserved for Congress, rather than the executive. Unilateral executive declarations of war had been the norm under the English King and other European monarchs. The Framers made a conscious decision to depart from that traditional arrangement in drafting the Constitution. In a republican government, they believed, the decision to move the nation from peace to a state of war should lie with the legislature.
The phrase “declare war” in the Constitution was universally understood to mean the making of the decision to initiate a state of war with another nation, power, or force. The word “declare” was deliberately and carefully chosen at the Constitutional Convention, after an earlier draft that would have granted Congress the power to “make” war was rejected. Two reasons for the change appear in the records of the Convention’s debates. First, the delegates wished to preserve the traditional executive power to respond to, repel, or defend against sudden (or imminent) attacks on the nation. The right to national defense would remain with the executive branch. Thus, if another nation were to launch an attack against the nation — that is, if someone else were to start a war with the United States — the president would not need to wait for Congress to act before responding with force. Second, the delegates thought that “declare” was a better word choice than “make,” which could be mistaken to suggest that it was Congress’s job to conduct war.
In all respects, the debate reveals the consensus understanding that the president would not have the power to initiate a war without congressional approval. Virtually everybody in the founding generation — Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Hamilton, Jay, and countless others — agreed on this principle. Nothing in the text of the Constitution; nothing in its structure or logic; and nothing in the contemporary historical record supports the unilateral power of the president to take the nation into a new state of war by himself. The most that can be said is that the president, as commander-in-chief, retains the executive power to respond to actual or threatened attacks, to rescue American civilians or troops when they are in imminent danger, and to take actions to preserve, protect, and defend the nation from cataclysmic harm in an emergency. There are borderline, arguable situations in each category, to be sure. But offensive military action against a nation with which we are not already engaged in hostilities, and involving none of these exceptional situations, falls completely outside the scope of the president’s legitimate constitutional authority.
This is basic, eighth-grade-civics stuff: Under our Constitution, Congress authorizes wars and the president, as commander-in-chief, fights them.
I know what you’re thinking: Other presidents have violated this constitutional arrangement in much the same way as Trump. You’re not wrong. There have been numerous other instances where a president unilaterally initiated a state of war in the absence of any of the exceptional circumstances described above: The Korean conflict, Clinton’s Kosovo bombing, and Obama’s air war on Libya are just a few examples. Not all of these were “bad” wars, either as policy or from a moral standpoint, but they were all “bad” in the sense of being constitutionally improper.
RELATED: War, Willy-Nilly
As such, they must not be said, in retrospect, to have functionally “amended” the Constitution. Article V prescribes specific, exclusive procedures for making constitutional amendments; a series of unchecked constitutional violations is not one of them. This should be an absolutely bedrock principle for anyone who cares about the Constitution: Repeated violation of the Constitution does not change its meaning or alter its binding character as the fundamental law of the land. Unconstitutional presidential military actions, even if they go effectively unchecked by Congress or the courts, are still unconstitutional.
What is to be done, then? This is the question that serious members of Congress, Democrats and Republicans alike, must contemplate in the days ahead. Possibilities include conditioning military appropriations on obtaining authorization for the use of offensive force, providing for automatic funding cuts in the event of a violation, reasserting (or reinvigorating) the War Powers Resolution, or even threatening impeachment (and meaning it).
One thing is for sure, though: Legislators shouldn’t sit on their hands just because they might approve of Trump’s unconstitutional military strike this first time. If Congress does not act now — if it fails to enforce, through all the legislative powers at its disposal, the Constitution’s true allocation of responsibility for declaring war — it will practically invite Trump to initiate wars by unilateral military action whenever he feels like it.
And we should all agree on the dangers of that.
— Michael Stokes Paulsen is University Chair and professor of law at the University of St. Thomas, in Minneapolis. He was an attorney-advisor in the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice under President George H. W. Bush. He is the co-author, with Luke Paulsen, of The Constitution: An Introduction, recently reissued in paperback.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
‘Whom the gods wish to destroy,” Cyril Connolly wrote in 1938, “they first call promising.” If that is true, Norman Podhoretz is that rarest of Greek myths: a mortal who evades the designs of the gods. For his writerly career is ending as it began: with acclaim. The New York Review of Books’ Classics series has just reissued Podhoretz’s Making It, to celebrate the book’s 50th anniversary.
Making It is the story of how Podhoretz, a “filthy little slum child” from a Jewish enclave in Brooklyn, became a literary sensation in Manhattan — the journey from Brooklyn to Manhattan being “one of the longest journeys in the world,” Podhoretz writes in the famous opening sentence — and a member of the exclusive New York intellectual circle that included Lionel Trilling, Mary McCarthy, Hannah Arendt, Saul Bellow, and a number of (equally noteworthy) others. But as Podhoretz himself admits, the book is “not an autobiography in the usual sense,” nor is it an unqualified “success story.”
As Podhoretz observes, success is a confused matter in America. “On the one hand,” he writes, “our culture teaches us to shape our lives in accordance with the hunger for worldly things; on the other hand, it spitefully contrives to make us ashamed of the presence of those hungers in ourselves and to deprive us as far as possible of any pleasure in their satisfaction.” Here is the double-edged sword of the Protestant work ethic. The purpose of Making It, then, is “to describe certain fine-print conditions that are attached to the successful accomplishment of what the sociologists call ‘upward mobility’ in so heterogeneous a society as our own.”
Podhoretz is a self-professed glutton for literary eminence. He was, he says, “driven by an ambition for fame which . . . was self-acknowledged, unashamed, and altogether uninhibited.” Among the unwritten clauses in his vocational contract is a sensitivity regarding class. Although he does not realize it at the time, his first introduction to the many strata into which American society is divided comes courtesy of a high-school teacher who takes upon herself the burden of equipping him for a life beyond Brooklyn. Mrs. K “was saying that because I was a talented boy, a better class of people stood ready to admit me into their ranks,” he writes. “But only on one condition: I had to signify by my general deportment that I acknowledged them as superior to the class of people among whom I was born. That was the bargain — take it or leave it.”
The same bargain dictates the conduct of that intellectual set that Podhoretz calls “the family” — a label he chooses because “these were people who by virtue of their tastes, ideas, and general concerns found themselves stuck with one another against the rest of the world whether they liked it or not (and most did not), preoccupied with one another to the point of obsession, and intense in their attachments and hostilities as only a family is capable of being.” Podhoretz outlines a “family tree” of three generations: a founding generation that included Trilling, Sidney Hook, and Philip Rahv; a second generation, a decade or so younger, that included McCarthy, Bellow, Alfred Kazin, Daniel Bell, and Irving Kristol; and Podhoretz’s own, third, generation, born a decade later still.
This was heady company, to which Podhoretz was granted entree in his early twenties, having glided through undergraduate studies at Columbia University and graduate studies at Clare College, Cambridge. Invited to contribute to the family’s main organ, the tiny, influential, and staunchly “highbrow” Partisan Review — and also, in an unheard-of straddling of literary worlds, to the “middlebrow” New Yorker — he elicited admiration, envy, and, finally, invitations to the dinners and cocktail parties where “family” members drank copiously, gossiped (invariably about one another), and fought (often bitterly) about issues literary, political, and otherwise.
But if the family’s influence was significant, it was in no small part because of an intense feeling of alienation: “They did not feel that they belonged to America or that America belonged to them.” It is for this reason that the family’s prose style, although full of “verve, vitality, wit, texture, and brilliance,” also tended to be “overly assertive or overly lyrical or overly refined or overly clever.” This feeling had any number of causes: their Jewishness, their status as immigrants or the children of immigrants, their leftist politics, their aesthetic sensibilities, etc. But it ensured that the family was acutely sensitive to the costs of social advancement in post-war America, the most obvious of which was the tradeoff Mrs. K had demanded of Podhoretz: In exchange for a place among a “better class of people,” become a “facsimile WASP.”
Readers who know Podhoretz from his tenure at Commentary magazine (a post he took up in 1960, at the age of 30, and resigned only in 1995) might be startled to find in Making It a different Podhoretz, politically, than the one with whom they grew up. In his frustration with the excesses of the radicals of the 1960s, one glimpses the conservative who is on the horizon, but in 1967, Podhoretz was still a man of the Left. (Any notion of an intellectually robust conservatism seems to have been beyond the bounds of Podhoretz’s consciousness in that era.) Yet if there is no version of a “family” today, it is in part because the country is politically balanced between conservatism and liberalism, both broadly understood, and that is due in no small part to Podhoretz and the neoconservatism that would become the hallmark of Commentary in the 1970s and 1980s.
There is much more that could be said about Making It. As a work of history, it chronicles the moment between World War II and the radicalism of the late ’60s and ’70s — the moment when the tensions intrinsic to America’s pluralistic promise begin to emerge into popular consciousness. As a work of sociology, it’s surely one of the most important books any American has produced on what William James called “the bitch-goddess SUCCESS,” the national worship of whom “is our national disease.” As a meditation on writing, there are digressions that an aspirant to the craft would do well to consider.
But Podhoretz began his literary career as a critic of novels, in the tradition of the great Cambridge critic F. R. Leavis, and since much of Making It is devoted to the question of critical judgment, it is in the Podhoretzian tradition to make at least some pronouncement on Making It as a work of literature, since it is. Here goes: This is not a book distracted by humility. It’s sure-footed and knife-sharp. (Only a supremely self-confident author would conclude by comparing himself favorably to Norman Mailer.) Podhoretz knew he was good, and he was not afraid to say it; his anxiety, like that of any successful writer, came from not knowing precisely how good.
After 50 years and multiple readings, Making It continues to dazzle. That’s pretty damn good.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
At this moment, Carrier Strike Group 1 of the U.S. Navy, led by the USS Carl Vinson, was supposed to be sailing from Singapore to Australia. Instead, it is sailing toward the Korean peninsula, headed for the Sea of Japan. On Sunday, around the same time the Carl Vinson arrives at its destination, Vice President Pence will land in Seoul to begin his ten-day visit to Asia.
President Trump’s strategy for countering North Korea’s ballistic-missile threat is thus evolving before our eyes.
First off, it’s important to note the downside of Strike Group 1’s diversion: It means the abandonment of group’s previously planned Australian port call. Australia is a top U.S. ally whom the Pentagon wants to expand its military presence in the Pacific. Sending a carrier fleet to Australia is a good way to help advance that agenda. After all, when its carriers come to town, the U.S. Navy puts on a big show for foreign dignitaries, and provides a career highlight for young sailors. So there are costs — diplomatic and financial — to Strike Group 1’s diversion. If it were simply a calculated show of force, it might not justify those costs. Yet it is something more than that.
For a start, Carl Vinson’s trip to Korea means traversing some interesting waters. Its most efficient route would have it passing directly between the Paracel and Spratly island chains of the South China Sea. China sees the militarization of those islands as the means to control vast regional trade flows and thus dominate the Philippines, Vietnam, and Malaysia. Correspondingly, a U.S. carrier strike group in those waters will infuriate Beijing.
Trump — or at least defense secretary James Mattis and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster — know this. And they know message that Strike Group 1’s diversion will send the Chinese: “Pressure North Korea with economic or political restrictions, or you can expect the U.S. to get in your face.” It’s a clever move insofar as it anticipates China’s geostrategic thinking: Beijing believes everything should be on the table in negotiations, but it also values respect alongside perceived strength. The Vinson’sdiversion thus joins a stick to the carrot Trump just offered President Xi Jinping by warmly welcoming him at Mar-a-Lago last week.
Still, I don’t think this is just about sending a message. It also significantly strengthens American military capabilities vis-à-vis North Korea. Carl Vinson’s embarked Carrier Air Wing brings a potent array of strike capabilities to supplement America’s already-considerable regional assets, which include a squadron of B-1 bombers deployed to Guam and multi-role fighter squadrons based in Japan and South Korea. What’s more, the U.S. Navy has other carriers that could be deployed to Korea on short notice. The USS Nimitz is currently completing final-stage deployment qualifications off the coast of California, and the USS Ronald Reagan, whose home port is in Japan, should complete scheduled maintenance work next month.
As it sails north, the Carl Vinson will remain under 3rd Fleet command. That’s important, because the 3rd Fleet (headquartered in San Diego) traditionally operates east of the International Date Line, while the 7th Fleet (headquartered in Yokosuka, Japan) covers the area to the west of the line. This suggests that the Vinson’s diversion could have the added objective of emphasizing the importance of China and North Korea to the 3rd Fleet’s operations and planning staff. In the event of a conflict in the South Pacific, the added experience could come in handy.
Which is not to say that a conflict appears imminent, or even likely. For one thing, in light of other threats to American security, the Navy’s current emergency-standby carrier group, whose flagship is the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower, remains in the Atlantic. For another, the Trump administration must understand that any strike designed to weaken or cripple North Korea’s ballistic-missile capabilities would risk retaliation against the South. So diplomacy remains pivotal. But, to paraphrase Mao, we’re seeing the practice of American diplomatic power through the barrel of many American guns.
The bottom line is that the Pentagon has resolved to enhance Trump’s options. The North Korean nuclear threat has long required a new doctrinal U.S. response. Fortunately, that response now seems to be taking shape.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group, and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. Email him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */
Editor’s Note: This article originally stated that the U.S. 7th Fleet is headquartered in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. It is headquartered in Yokosuka, Japan.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The circumstantial evidence is mounting that the Kremlin succeeded in infiltrating the U.S. government at the highest levels. 
How else to explain a newly elected president looking the other way after an act of Russian aggression? Agreeing to a farcically one-sided nuclear deal? Mercilessly mocking the idea that Russia represents our foremost geopolitical foe? Accommodating the illicit nuclear ambitions of a Russian ally? Welcoming a Russian foothold in the Middle East? Refusing to provide arms to a sovereign country invaded by Russia? Diminishing our defenses and pursuing a Moscow-friendly policy of hostility to fossil fuels?
All of these items, of course, refer to things said or done by President Barack Obama. To take them in order: He reset with Russia shortly after its clash with Georgia in 2008. He concluded the New START agreement with Moscow that reduced our nuclear forces but not theirs. When candidate Mitt Romney warned about Russia in the 2012 campaign, Obama rejected him as a Cold War relic. The president then went on to forge an agreement with Russia’s ally Iran to allow it to preserve its nuclear program. During the red-line fiasco, he eagerly grasped a lifeline from Russia at the price of accepting its intervention in Syria. He never budged on giving Ukraine “lethal” weapons to defend itself from Russian attack. Finally, Obama cut U.S. defense spending and cracked down on fossil fuels, a policy that Russia welcomed since its economy is dependent on high oil prices.
Put all of this together, and it’s impossible to conclude anything other than that Obama was a Russian stooge, and not out of any nefarious deals, but out of his own naivete and weakness. Obama didn’t expect any rewards when he asked then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev during a hot-mic moment at an international meeting to relay to Vladimir Putin his ability to be more “flexible” after the 2012 election; he was, to put it in terms of the current Russian election controversy, “colluding” with the Russians in the belief it was a good strategy. His kompromat was his own foolishness.
The cost of Obama’s orientation toward Russia became clearer during the past two weeks. When he pulled up short from enforcing his red line, an agreement with the Russians to remove Bashar Assad’s chemical weapons became the fig leaf to cover his retreat. This deal was obviously deficient, but Obama officials used clever language to give the impression that it had removed all chemical weapons from Syria. Never mind that Assad still used chlorine gas to attack his population — exploiting a grievous loophole — and that evidence piled up that Assad was cheating more broadly.
The Russians eagerly covered for Assad because he’s their client. What was the Obama administration’s excuse? It effectively made itself a liar for the Russians at the same time Moscow bolstered the Assad regime we said had to go, smashed the moderate opposition we were trying to create and sent a destabilizing refugee flow into Europe. This was a moral and strategic disaster.
To be sure, Donald Trump’s statements about Russia during the past year and a half have often been stupid and shameful. But there was always a good chance that Russia’s blatant hostility to our values and interests would make any attempted Trump detente unsustainable. With his secretary of state and U.N. ambassador hitting Russia hard over the Assad gas attack and Trump’s strike challenging Russia’s position, the administration looks to be adopting a hardheaded attitude without bothering with a doomed reset first.
Even if Obama eventually got tougher on Russia — imposing sanctions after the Ukraine invasion and sending contingents of U.S. troops to countries near Russia — he never entirely shed his reflex toward accommodation. No matter what conspiracy theorists might say, there’s nothing to suggest anything untoward about Obama’s relationship with Russia. But based on the record alone, you might have suspicions.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
According to materials from a diversity-training course at Clemson University, it’s culturally insensitive to expect people to show up on time because “time may be considered fluid” in some cultures.
Clemson’s “Diversity Benefits for Higher Education” initiative — which cost the school more than $25,000, according to Campus Reform — presents its participants with slides featuring hypothetical scenarios, and asks them to select the correct, culturally sensitive action from a list of options.
“Alejandro scheduled a 9:00 a.m. meeting with two groups of visiting professors and students from other countries,” one of the scenarios states. “When he arrived, he found that the first group had been waiting for fifteen minutes.”
“The second group arrived at 9:10 and wanted to socialize first,” it continues. “What should Alejandro do?”
The slide then lists three options:
1.  “Politely ask the second group to apologize.”
2.  “Explain, ‘In our country, 9:00 a.m. means 9:00 a.m.’”
3.  “As the meeting organizer, he should recognize cultural differences that may impact the meeting and adjust accordingly.”
The correct answer, according to the slide, is option three.
“Time may be considered precise or fluid depending on the culture,” the slide explains. “For Alejandro to bring three cultures together he must start from a place of respect, understanding that his cultural perspective regarding time is is neither more nor less valid than any other.”
Sorry, but — nope.
In the United States, it’s just a fact that you’re supposed to arrive to your appointments on time. If you’re late, then you’re supposed to apologize, or else people are going to think that you’re an inconsiderate jerk. Like it or not, that’s objectively true — and pretending that it isn’t true isn’t going to change that.
The truth is that picking the “sensitive” option in this hypothetical scenario really doesn’t do anyone any good at all — including the people who were late. Allowing the people in the second group to not only be late, but also to continue to chat and socialize among themselves when they had already kept the other people waiting might seem like a nice, forgiving thing to do, but it’s really only going to make their lives harder in the long run. Now, I’m not saying you should say something unnecessarily rude (like option two, for example) but allowing them to think there was nothing wrong with what they did will make them think that it’s okay to do it again in the future — and it really isn’t. If one of them goes on to, say, arrive ten minutes late for a job interview and decides to not even apologize, then that person probably isn’t going to get the job. There could be real, objective effects to continuing this kind of behavior that go far, far beyond feeling a little embarrassed for two seconds.
Professors are very busy people, and telling them that they don’t have the right to demand punctuality is absurd. It’s a sign of respect; it shows that you take the other person’s time seriously — and everyone has the right to demand that.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as a Supreme Court justice today, but it has come at a cost. The ability to filibuster a future such nomination died last week as the GOP Senate triggered the “nuclear option” and ended the practice. Democrats are crying foul over a “stolen” Supreme Court seat: Their tried to filibuster Gorsuch as payback for the Republican refusal to advance the nomination of Obama appointee Merrick Garland last year.
But that’s not quite the way Tom Daschle sees it. He was the Senate majority leader from 2001 to 2003. This weekend, Daschle admitted in a podcast with RealClearPolitics’ Carl Cannon that Democrats are more to blame than Republicans are for the destruction of “institutional pillars” in the Senate. He said that he finds the “situational ethics” surrounding Senate confirmations to be deeply troubling and destructive of the institution. Daschle appeared to chastise fellow Democrat Chuck Schumer, the current Democratic minority leader, for blaming only Republicans for the Senate’s hyper-partisanship.
“Today is just amazing — the symmetry that exists between those who believe that it’s wrong today but to believe in doing it before,” Daschle told Cannon. “What I would fear the most is a lack of respect and appreciation of the institution itself.”
Daschle wasn’t done. He went on to say:
When he mentions the deterioration of the budget process, he appears to be criticizing Harry Reid, who as Senate majority leader under President Obama declined to ever pass a real federal budget. Instead, Reid chose to run the government by “continuing resolutions.”
Of course, Daschle doesn’t have completely clean hands in all this. In 2003, when Daschle was the minority leader, Democrats mounted filibusters of several George W. Bush judicial nominations. Before then, no purely partisan filibusters of a potential judge had ever been mounted (the filibuster against LBJ appointee Abe Fortas in 1968 was bipartisan). Chief among the 2003 filibusters was the one against GOP lawyer Miguel Estrada for the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. Estrada, a Honduran immigrant, was opposed by Democrats, who admitted in a leaked memo that they feared Estrada would become the court’s first Hispanic judge appointed by Bush.
After two years of delays, Estrada finally withdrew his nomination in disgust with the process. He remains a little bitter, telling the National Law Journal in March, “I would never accept a job that requires Senate confirmation or, for that matter, willingly place myself in any situation (e.g., a hearing room) in which convention requires that I be civil to Chuck Schumer.”
While he has conveniently forgotten his own role in the destruction of the filibuster against Supreme Court nominees, it is refreshing to see someone with the stature of Senator Daschle call out his own party for having the larger share of hypocrisy when it comes to the Senate’s dysfunction.
Nor is that dysfunction limited to confirmation votes. Daschle says he is an old-fashioned critic of legislative “majoritarianism,” by which parliaments in Europe override the minority and ram through laws with little consultation. “I believe in protecting the rights of the minority,” he told Cannon. “I also hold out hope for bipartisan agreement.” But he lamented that he isn’t likely to see much of that soon. He noted that there used to be two tables in the Senate dining room reserved for bipartisan groups of senators to eat and get to know one another. A little while ago, they were removed from the room because no one was using them.
— John Fund is NRO’s national-affairs correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Your local PBS station might seem like an unlikely place to find a documentary critical of public education, but that is exactly what viewers get this week with the late Andrew Coulson’s new documentary School, Inc. The film doesn’t attack public schools. Rather, it asks why education has yet to behave like other industries have in the last 200 years or so — and why it has failed to achieve comparable gains.
The three-part documentary airs around the country this week (each part has various time slots, so check your local listings here), and in it Coulson attempts to answer a narrow but important question: Why don’t education methods “scale up” to raise quality across the board, as has occurred in basically every other industry? School, Inc. approaches this simple question with a global perspective. One of the film’s key virtues, especially for education-policy non-enthusiasts, is that Coulson travels the world examining different schooling models. This turns think-tank expertise into good TV.
Coulson was a senior fellow of education policy at the Cato Institute, so it’s not surprising that he takes a thoroughly libertarian view of how to improve education. But he doesn’t rely on ideological abstractions. Far from it — he constructs his arguments with an eye to history, international education systems, and hard economic data.
Visiting textile mills and canals, Coulson shows how the Industrial Revolution’s elevation of the profit motive combined with sound business practices to create incredible innovation — which was quickly “scaled up” to become standard industry practice. This pattern has since played out in nearly every field except education.
While innovations were transforming most industries, American public schools came under the sway of the public-school model. Authorities prioritized expanding state control of schools even when it meant crowding out thriving private institutions. Once-common subsidies for students to attend private schools went kaput, and the drive for public-school uniformity produced problems that we still struggle with today.
Coulson highlights bright spots, such as charter schools in New Orleans post-Katrina, but such victories have often met with hostility from school boards and teachers’ unions. In Part 1, Coulson illustrates this dynamic with the story of Jaime Escalante, whose classroom was put on the big screen in Stand and Deliver, but who left his teaching position just three years after the movie came out. His big ideas bred resentment, and the union had another teacher installed as department chair. Why weren’t the ideas of the most successful teachers supported and replicated?
Taking that question overseas, Coulson visits South Korea, where tutoring networks offer a glimmer of hope that particular teaching systems can expand nationwide. In that country, a few key standardized tests determine students’ university and job prospects, and the best lecturers have become national stars serving masses of students remotely. Students and teachers alike credit freedom (including the freedom to choose a tutor and the freedom to make lots of money tutoring) for the system’s ability to boost students’ test scores. This victory applies to students only in this narrow testing environment, however, so questions remain about using the techniques honed by prominent South Korean teachers to improve schools broadly.
Coulson seems to find a better answer in Chile, but the country’s superior schools have paradoxically incurred popular dissatisfaction. Although Chile has Latin America’s best education outcomes, which rely on publicly funding both public and private schools, Communist leaders there have turned many Chileans against their non-uniform education system. Leftists associate the system with dictator Augusto Pinochet but ignore the fact that the system itself is not authoritarian at all. This conflict brings into sharp relief one of the central obstacles to successful education reform: big-government opposition to market-based solutions.
This problem has been the subject of documentaries such as The Cartel, but School, Inc. also provides some clues to overcoming it.
Another issue that has been the subject of several documentaries is religion in schools, and in School, Inc.’s third and final part, Coulson examines how government control of schools leads to endless political conflict over what is taught. Allowing parents to choose would lessen this tension, but there must be a mechanism that would offer choices and allow a healthy market to develop. Coulson thinks that mechanism is education tax credits.
Ideally, PBS viewers won’t be offended by Coulson’s findings that expanding education excellence will ultimately depend, in all likelihood, on profit. For-profit education carries a stigma, as Coulson acknowledges. But he postulates that attitudes toward profit in education can evolve the same way that attitudes toward industry changed in the run-up to the Industrial Revolution.
Given how these conflicts play out in the documentary, one sees that the political questions are in many ways more vital than the policy ones. As reformers have seen from Massachusetts to California, successful school-choice ideas often mobilize political opposition from entrenched interest groups. In the political arena today, tax credits often have the staunchest opponents.
Critics call education tax credits “pseudo vouchers,” and it’s true that they are at odds with the progressive notion that schools must achieve equality through uniform government provision. No wonder, then, that the public-school establishment has expressed outrage at PBS for even airing School, Inc. Left-wing education scholar Diane Ravitch accused PBS of attempting to “curry favor” with the Trump administration by broadcasting this “one-sided right-wing diatribe against public education.” Of course, the potential for tax credits gets no hearing on her blog, and she claimed that the documentary’s producers are “forces intent on destroying everything ‘public.’”
Tax credits resemble vouchers in some ways, but they rely on people providing the money in the first place. The government doesn’t pay into the system — individuals do, and the government gives them a tax break. (Many of these tax-credit programs rely on donors, such as in Florida). Courts have found that these tax credits do not qualify as “government dollars,” but vouchers do, and thus they are subject to more regulation.
School, Inc.’s filming preceded the election of Donald Trump and his elevation of school choice to a much-discussed federal issue. Those pushing for a nationwide tax-credit program could point to some of Coulson’s arguments for support. Coulson, however, opposed national school-choice programs on constitutional grounds. Sadly, he died in February 2016, but if he were here, he would probably be contributing to this debate by cautioning against a federal tax-credit program.
Coulson’s contributions to education-reform ideas — on historical research and political issues — go far beyond championing tax credits. School, Inc. delves into hot-button issues and misunderstood aspects of education policy. The film is an insightful dive into the question of why educating children, in countries across the globe, has stubbornly resisted improvements in efficiency.
— Paul Crookston is a Collegiate Network Fellow at National Review.



ARTICLE
Does the Constitution grant individuals a judicially enforceable right to order the government to combat climate change? Does it contain a right to engage in “BDSM sexual activity”? What about a right to assisted suicide? Unfortunately, these are no longer fanciful hypotheticals. Thanks to Justice Kennedy, cases alleging such rights are currently being litigated and are coming soon to a courthouse near you.
The cultural, legal, and political consequences of establishing a right to same-sex marriage have dominated discussions regarding Justice Kennedy’s Obergefell decision. Will religious institutions that oppose same-sex marriage lose their tax-exempt status? What will happen to vendors whose consciences prohibit them from participating in same-sex weddings? How and when will schools address same-sex marriage? Those consequences are important and merit serious discussion. However, another aspect of the case — Justice Kennedy’s instructions regarding judges’ authority to create new “rights” — will prove equally important in the long run.
In Obergfell, Justice Kennedy did far more than merely discover a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. He wrote that judges have an ongoing “duty” to identify and protect new “fundamental rights.” He maintained that judges should institute new rights whenever their “reasoned judgment” suggests that it is appropriate to do so.
Previously, a Supreme Court precedent titled Washington v. Glucksberg held that judges could recognize constitutional rights only if they were “deeply rooted in” American “history and tradition.” Justice Kennedy dismissed this standard as unduly constraining judges’ power.
This has predictably motivated plaintiffs to demand that judges read inventive new rights into the Constitution. Unless and until the Supreme Court curbs Obergefell’s invitation to create new constitutional rights, self-imposed judicial restraint is the only thing preventing a deluge of new “constitutional rights.” And there are indications that the dam is already starting to crack.
A case titled Juliana v. United States presents an ominous warning as to what lies ahead. A district-court judge in Oregon used Obergefell’s license to fashion a new individual right to a “climate system capable of sustaining human life.” The judge adopted Justice Kennedy’s “reasoned judgment” standard and wrote, “Exercising my ‘reasoned judgment,’ . . . I have no doubt that the right to a climate system capable of sustaining human life” is a fundamental constitutional right.
The plaintiffs argued that various government officials violated the Constitution by “causing atmospheric CO2 levels to rise” and “knowingly endangering Plaintiffs’ health and welfare by approving and prompting fossil fuel development, including exploration, extraction, production, transportation, importation, exportation, and combustion.” They urged the court to order the government to stop violating their constitutional right to a healthy environment and to require it to “develop a plan to reduce CO2 emissions.”
This sounds like a plainly political rather than constitutional question, but under Obergefell’s amorphous “reasoned judgment” standard, anything is possible. The judge explained that under Obergefell, the creation of “new fundamental rights” is not “out of bounds.” The case is ongoing, but the district-court judge has already recognized the existence of the “constitutional right” in question.
It would be comforting to view Juliana as an isolated aberration, but similar events have unfolded in other courts. The common thread in every case is a citation to Obergefell.
In Hodges v. Schmidt, an appellate court in Kansas cited Obergefell while establishing a right to abortion in Kansas’s constitution. The plaintiffs challenged an abortion restriction under the state constitution, and not under the federal constitution. This required the court to determine, for the first time, whether the Kansas constitution contained its own right to abortion.
The court admitted that “the framers of the Kansas constitution . . . surely did not intend to create an abortion right in 1859, when the constitution was adopted.” However, the court found that it had the power to find new constitutional rights “unforeseen” to the drafters of their state constitution. The court was emboldened to make this claim because, as it explained, the Supreme Court “clearly embraced this notion of constitutional interpretation in its Obergefell opinion.”
The Kansas court understood Obergefell to mean that “the rights of Kansas Women in 2016 are not limited to those specifically intended by the men who drafted our state’s constitution in 1858.” The reasoning in Obergefell is wrong, but the Kansas court’s understanding of its implications is not.
The court applied this newfound right to enjoin a ban on a specific type of second-trimester abortion. The court’s “reasoned judgment” led it to prevent Kansas from enforcing a law that, by its own description, “forbids dismemberment only when it involves ‘a living unborn child.’” Many Kansans may question how reasoned judgment could possibly support such a conclusion. Unfortunately, Obergefell tells such ordinary Kansans to keep quiet because judges have spoken.
The Hodges case was decided by an evenly divided court with seven judges in the majority and seven in dissent. It did not require a majority of the people of Kansas, or even the court deciding the case, to effectively amend the state’s constitution to prohibit laws banning the “dismemberment” of “a living unborn child.”
The dissenting judges would have applied a “textual and historical approach” to discover the meaning of the Kansas constitution rather than replacing that meaning with their own reasoned judgment. These judges believed that “the question we need to ask . . . is not what rights today’s judges would like to see in our state constitution.” “The proper question to ask,” they claimed, is what rights the people who drafted and adopted the constitution actually protected. Regrettably, Obergefell sides with the majority’s view of judicial preeminence.
In Morris v. Brandenburg, a district-level judge in New Mexico discovered a fundamental right to assisted suicide in New Mexico’s constitution — the very “right” that the United States Supreme Court refused to recognize in Glucksberg.
The New Mexico appellate and supreme courts reversed this judgment. However, a dissenting appellate judge would have relied on Obergefell to uphold the lower court and enshrine a right to assisted suicide in the state constitution. The dissenting judge emphasized that Obergefell had rejected a “rigid historical analysis,” instructing judges to rely on their own “reasoned judgment” instead.
In Doe v. Rector & Visitors of George Mason Univ., the plaintiff, a student expelled from the university, claimed that he had a constitutionally protected right to engage in “BDSM sexual activity.” The judge recognized that these arguments would have been futile under the Glucksberg framework because “there is no basis to believe” that a right to BDSM “is deeply rooted in the nation’s history.” However, he concluded that the plaintiff’s argument merited further analysis following Obergefell.
The judge eventually decided that, even under Obergefell, there is no constitutional right to BDSM. Unlike the clear-cut Glucksberg analysis, the judge had to consider and balance a range of factors in reaching this conclusion. Making such determinations is more appropriately the job of a legislator than of a judge. One wonders whether the judges who decided Hodges or Juliana would have reached the same conclusion.
A district-court judge in Nevada recently stated that Obergefell had “reinvigorated” a “long discredited” method of constitutional interpretation that was “the closest thing of which the Court is aware to a federal judicial power to strike down a state law based on a federal court’s own notions of good policy.” Such power is too awesome for any small group of individuals in a republic to wield responsibly.
Obergefell was decided in 2015, and the examples listed above are only a few of the cases in which plaintiffs have already used its reasoning to request the recognition of new constitutional rights. Other rights alleged by plaintiffs have included “the use, possession, manufacture, or delivery of marijuana” and “freedom in action,” which would include “possession of an unsealed container of alcohol in public.” Unless something changes, such claims will continue to proliferate, and it’s impossible to predict which rights will satisfy a particular judge’s “reasoned judgment.”
Entirely apart from the question of same-sex marriage, the Supreme Court should act quickly to reverse course and restore the Glucksberg standard for finding new fundamental rights. As Justice Kennedy himself noted in Schuette v. Coalation to Defend Affirmative Action, the sensitive, important, or contentious nature of some policy questions “does not justify removing certain court-determined issues from the voters’ reach.” “Democracy does not presume that some subjects are either too divisive or too profound for public debate.” The default rule in a democracy ought to be that the people, and not the courts, get to decide.
— Howard Slugh is an attorney practicing in Washington, D.C.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Sometimes chemical weapons and missiles have an odd way of uniting people, however briefly.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, together, for just a moment. That should give us pause.
There was a day — I was there — when commuting New Yorkers stopped on 42nd Street outside Grand Central Station and applauded George W. Bush, that Friday after we were attacked on September 11, 2001. It wasn’t the same — we weren’t attacked, but humanity and decency and innocent human lives were — when Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons on his people. And for a moment, as President Donald J. Trump announced an attack on a military installation sheltering chemical weapons, you could see New York Times columnists, CNN commentators, and a broad swath of people never accustomed to supporting Trump (and even having trouble calling him president) suddenly fall silent or become cautiously supportive. There were calls for prayer, and not even in the “God must support what we’re doing” kind of way. They expressed a desire that a long-suffering people may find peace and that world leaders will exercise true wisdom — especially, frankly, leaders whom many are not inclined to associate with wisdom.
For one moment, everyone had the images of young children dead, of a father saying good-bye to his children. For a moment, we cared. Thanks be to God, we are horrified by the horrific. There are, in fact, lines to draw.
But how long will our attention stay with the people of Syria this time?
It was about a year ago now that Archbishop Jean-Clément Jeanbart came to the United States to try to get our attention. One Sunday night, just after a hospital was attacked in Aleppo, speaking at St. Mary’s Church (the Dominican church near Yale’s campus in New Haven, Conn.), the Melkite Catholic archbishop of Aleppo pleaded with Americans: “Please pray for us. Speak about us. Put pressure on politicians.”
Speaking at the Knights of Columbus headquarters the next day, he said: “It is bad. I cry in my heart. . . . Thank God we are living still. Thank God there are still people living there. . . . I pray to God that I keep my credential: hope and faith.” (The Knights of Columbus run a Christian relief fund for Jeanbart’s people and other religious minorities in the region targeted by ISIS genocide.)
“Religious minorities in Syria want pluralism,” he has said. “Ask your politicians to insist on it.”
Jeanbart, 73, has been archbishop in Aleppo for more than two decades. The soil of Syria is irrigated with the blood of martyrs, he has said. “It is a holy land.” The church there dates back to some of the earliest days of Christianity, and it’s never been easy. It’s long involved bloodshed. “I will die there if I have to,” he said in New Haven.
“I don’t think we realize the depth of suffering of your people,” Cardinal Timothy Dolan told Archbishop Jeanbart while the two were discussing the situation a year ago on the archbishop of New York’s radio show.
“The church in Syria baptized Paul,” Jeanbart noted. “Paul was baptized by the Syrian Christians. . . . Paul came to Damascus like an ISIS. He wanted to catch Christians, to persecute them. And then he became Christian.”
Jeanbart spoke of the persecution of Syrian Christians:
Three thousand people filled the cathedral in Aleppo for Palm Sunday and Easter Sunday masses last year, even as war raged, even as Christians knew they were targets. “I feel committed,” Jeanbart said.
“I am trying to give hope to the faithful,” he has said to the charity Aid to the Church in Need. He tells his people to have courage, trying to witness to it himself. “Hope,” he says, “will keep us going.” “Peace will come. And when that day comes, Syria will be a beautiful country.”
The beauty of Syria is something Jeanbart likes to insist on — because it is not a land that was made for violence, he explains. And the Christians live there, preaching hope as they tend to wounds, including of course, so many of their own.
Jeanbart told Cardinal Dolan that Syria’s Christians do not hate their persecutors. “Christ told us not to have enemies. . . . We have many people in the country who help us, Muslims and others — Muslims, they are friends of ours.” A mufti has offered him help, even a place to pray in his mosque if he needs.
In his new book, The Islamic Jesus, Mustafa Akoyl explains some of the cultural gaps between East and West, particularly the hostility between Americans and Muslims in Iraq after the war: “It was that they were conquerors of a people whom they did not know and whose profound sense of the sacred they did not understand.” In an interview, I asked him: “Is it entirely fair to call the U.S. conquerors?”
He replied: “Good question. Perhaps I should have used the word ‘victors’ rather than ‘conquerors.’ Because, of course, the U.S. did not occupy and annex Iraq, it rather just toppled Saddam and soon left.” He continued:
(Akoyl supports the current U.S. “aerial bombarding of a genocidal regime.” But he hopes that the U.S. will keep “wiser action” in mind.)
I don’t know how long our attention will stay fixed on Syria and her people this time. We would be wise — and it would be just — if we remembered the people who have to live there, the mothers and fathers and families who don’t care to be in the crosshairs of war, as one friend put it on Facebook the night missiles started firing. Let’s not watch this like the latest Netflix series. Let’s try to keep our attention and prayers on these people and their needs — beyond not being gassed to death. As Carl Anderson, head of the Knights of Columbus has put it: “If you look at the last 15 years of American involvement in the Middle East, we could have done a better job knowing the people, knowing the culture, knowing the communities.” So when the gassing and bombing stop, let’s not stop paying attention, as we so often do.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. This column is based on one available through Andrews McMeel Universal’s Newspaper Enterprise Association.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On Wednesdays, we are at war with the Islamic State. On Thursdays, we are at war with the Islamic State, in effect acting as a cat’s-paw for the world’s leading jihad brigade against the government of Bashar al-Assad, who apparently intends to murder Syrians until he is pleased with what is left.
We should let him.
This is not cynicism, only an acknowledgement of the actual facts of the case. As Daniel Pipes and others have persuasively argued, the United States does not have an ally in Syria. The United States does not have any national interest in the success of the ISIS-aligned coalition fighting to depose Assad. The United States does not have any interest in strengthening the position of the Assad regime and the position of his Russian and Iranian patrons. Pipes sums it up: “Iranian- and Russian-backed Shiite pro-government jihadis are best kept busy fighting Saudi-, Qatar-, and Turkish-backed anti-government Sunni jihadis.”
Of course the Assad regime is murderous. It is murderous in an awfully familiar way: a Baathist despot in cahoots with jihadists using chemical weapons against a civilian population. You’d think we would have gotten that out of our system with Saddam Hussein.
The Trump administration has no authorization to engage in war on Syria. Congress has not declared war or authorized the use of military force; there is no emergency to justify the president’s acting unilaterally in his role as commander in chief; there is no imminent threat to American lives or American interests — indeed, there is no real American interest at all. President Donald Trump is acting illegally, and Congress has a positive moral obligation to stop him. This is exactly why we have an impeachment process, though for the moment a bipartisan congressional resolution — if Congress had any self-respect, it would be unanimous — ought to be sufficient.
All decent people feel for the Syrians. We also feel for the Ukrainians, the North Koreans, the men and women languishing in Chinese laogai, Russian gulags, and Cuban prisons. We do not go to war for the sake of sentiment. We go to war for the sake of pressing national interests that cannot be otherwise secured. There is no casus belli for knocking over the Assad government, odious as it is.
EDITORIAL: Syria After the Airstrikes
As noted in National Review Online, the Trump administration notified the Russians ahead of the missile strikes on Shayrat Air Field, meaning that the Syrians were effectively alerted to our intentions as well. Trump, who during the campaign declined to speak about many of his national-security views in a transparent attempt to cover up his deep and wide ignorance with tough-guy talk about not telegraphing our moves to the enemy, did everything short of using an actual telegraph. Critics who pointed out — and continue to point out — that President Trump suffers from serious defects in both character and judgment have precisely this type of situation in mind. War isn’t Twitter.
If what the Trump administration has in mind is symbolic pinprick Tomahawk missile strikes launched from safe harbor, then the president and his men are merely fooling about. If what the Trump administration has in mind is something more substantial, then the president owes the nation an explanation of exactly what those young men and women who may be asked to do their country the service of dying for it would be dying for. So that we can all feel a little better about the savage state of the Middle East and our own occasional fumbling contributions to that savagery? So that President Trump can advertise his independence from Moscow and from the many admirers of Vladimir Putin who have surrounded him from time to time? Because we do not like seeing disturbing images on television?
RELATED: Trump Enforces Obama’s Red Line
Perhaps the American public has changed its mind — again — about the wisdom and necessity of toppling Levantine dictators on grounds that might charitably be described as naïvely idealistic. But the American public did not show much stomach for the long fight the last time around, and we still do not quite seem to know what we ought to be doing in Iraq: After being borne to the presidency on a wave of anti-war sentiment and pocketing a Nobel Peace Prize for his great achievement in not being George W. Bush, Barack Obama found himself obliged to reinvade Iraq, where thousands of U.S. troops are currently in their seventh month of “supporting and advising” — ahem — the siege of Mosul.
President George H. W. Bush went to war with Iraq to reverse the invasion of Kuwait, an American ally, with an eye toward discouraging Saddam Hussein from future adventures. President George W. Bush went to war with Iraq because he believed that the country could be made into something like a decent liberal democracy, or at least a friendly failing state on the lines of Pakistan during the rule of Benazir Bhutto.
Why is Donald Trump making war on Syria?
Congress ought to ask him to explain that, and also to explain from where he believe he derives the authority to do so without legal authorization.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Are you hurting? Do you know someone who is? Has institutional religion — or people representing it — only made matters worse? If any of these sound familiar, a new book by Father Thomas Berg might be for you.
I first met Father Berg back when he was a member of the Legionaries of Christ, a religious order founded by Father Marcial Maciel, who was uncovered to have been a serial abuser; today Father Berg is a priest of the Archdiocese of New York. His new book, Hurting in the Church, tells some of that story. But it is even more an invitation for healing to anyone who has had a close encounter with abuse, sin, and shortcomings in the institution of the Church or people in it.
Every time he is standing at a pulpit, he looks out and sees “hurting individuals,” he writes.
“We hurt first and foremost because life hurts: hurting is part of the human condition.” He adds, “When pain experienced in and through the Church is layered on what life itself already deals us the suffering can be all the more acute.” Fr. Berg, who currently teaches moral theology and is vice rector of St. Joseph’s Seminary, writes as someone with experience on both ends of the pain. We talk about the book and the way forward for a hurting people and a Church that has not always been an exemplar of loving one another as made in the image of Christ.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: There were allegations against the founder of the Legionaries as early as 1997, and we were among those who were wrong to believe the denials. What’s the best way to think about those days? What is the best approach to such memories? Should we think “maybe I could have done something”? Now that we know there was abuse and we know we were wrong to believe there wasn’t, are we unintentionally complicit? But there’s nothing we can do now.
Father Thomas Berg: We need to invite our Lord to show us how to approach those memories and how to understand that time of our lives. In his light, we might, on the one hand come to serenely understand that, sure — objectively — there were things we might have done differently. In my case, there were questions I might have asked. I might have been more insistent. As I explore in my book, regarding my own case, in hindsight, my initial period of discernment with the Legionaries was far too precipitated, too forced.
On the other hand, Christ can help us to see that what “might have been” and what I “could have and should have done” are often two different things. I can only do and carry out as a requirement of conscience what I am able to understand as a true option and am in a position psychologically to carry out with freedom. I think few if any of us — inside or outside of the Legion and Regnum Christi [the lay apostolic movement affiliated with the Legion], so deeply caught up as we were in the morass of deceptions — were ever in a position of such clarity and independence of judgment for the most part that there were things we clearly “should” have done and did not do.
So, yes, we, perhaps even the vast majority of Legionary superiors, were unintentionally complicit in those deceptions, errors, and in the cult of personality of Maciel. But while in some sense there is “no way back” to correct those errors (outside of recognizing them and renouncing them now), Christ can also help us to see how, notwithstanding the shadows, errors, and deceptions, he nonetheless used all these events to draw good from them, for ourselves and for the Church. As Megan — a remarkable woman I interview in the book — puts it, God can “make beautiful out of it.” Based on the feedback I am getting on my book, I’ve come to understand that my book itself would not have been possible had I not gone through what I went through; it’s part of the great good he has willed to bring forth from the darkness.
Lopez: There are people who look at the Catholic Church and are repulsed by the idea that we would continue on as if nothing evil has happened. The Church is supposed to be a safe haven, a sanctuary, and yet children and teens were abused! This is straight from hell. What does the Church offer in the face of this? This is so obviously a stumbling block to reentry to so many.
Berg: We can’t speak, unfortunately, of a uniform response to the crisis of clergy sexual abuse. The Church mystically throughout the world is always at prayer for her hurting members. But institutionally, at the level of each diocese, there is not a uniform response. If there is anything close to uniformity, it is to be found in the programs that have been established to ensure that all persons, clergy and laity alike, who work with minors in Church contexts receive some degree of training in the protection of minors and the creation of safe environments. That’s been a start.
The problem is that so many think these programs are the be all end all, and that the crisis has therefore been contained. The crisis is not over for the victims of abuse. But as a Church, broadly speaking, we want to forget this chapter as fast as we can; the wounds will never heal that way. We must accompany the survivors of abuse, and we as local Churches are still often failing to do that. Some bishops are very good in terms of outreach to victims; others still don’t get it. Whether from the Vatican or from the diocese, victims cannot be treated with bureaucratic responses. Persons in leadership in the Church, principally the bishops, have to be tirelessly solicitous of the needs of victims.
And we’re just not there yet. We still need a cultural revolution in our chanceries as to how we think about victims and about how we prioritize the protection of children and the prevention of other forms of abuse, beyond merely bureaucratized remedies. We have to really love the victims of abuse. And until we do, the Church’s response to this crisis will not only be perceived as lacking, it will be lacking. That said, we have made some strides, and Catholics in the pew remain largely unaware of this, or of the sharp drop-off in abuse allegations. We need to do a better job of spreading that bit of good news. We need to talk about what we are doing. We need to show that we are repentant. We need to talk about what we’ve learned in the past 15 years since the crisis was unleashed, and we need to humbly recognize that there is still much, much more to be done.
Lopez: Knowing what we know about sins in the Church, why should anyone be Christian? Why would American culture want or need Christians, especially Catholics?
Berg: True — a lot of people hold the Church up to ridicule and derision. What they have known about the Church are the failures of many of her members. They know the scandals and the profound contradictions that are part of her history. But all that notwithstanding, no less than in the first days after the Resurrection, the Church still has this to offer the world: Christ. What we can offer American culture is the witness of hearts that have been amazed at Jesus Christ, risen and alive, Lord of life and the giver of life’s meaning and truth; hearts amazed at the possibility and reality of Jesus Christ, who have known him, who have been dazzled by his love, amazed by truth, and overcome with the joy of friendship with him, so much so that “we cannot help speaking about what we have seen and heard.”
That is what American culture desperately needs today, and that is what committed Catholic disciples can and do offer. One of our greatest challenges remains, however, that we must at the same time share this amazement within the Church itself: with our many brothers, sisters, and indeed, with many a priest and even bishops who in reality are not living as disciples, who have not yet in their lives formed a personal relationship with Jesus.
Lopez: Why is it important to know that every saint had “shortcomings and failures and quirks,” as you write?
Berg: It’s just Christian realism. Before and after baptism — we’re messy. We are a complex, amazing amalgam of flesh and spirit, animals endowed with rational souls, beings, as St. Thomas Aquinas says, caught in the in-between: not simply material beings, not angelic spirits. We’re amazing, beautiful, a mystery unto ourselves, infinitely loved by the God who created us — but also a real mess at times. That is the human material we bring to God’s project of making us holy. Holiness has to be rooted in that kind of realism. If not, it is simply a farce and an exercise in vanity and pride.
Lopez: Should holiness be a struggle?
Berg: Always has been and always will be. It’s true, of course, that virtue is an acquired habit, which over time makes acts of virtue easier and almost “second nature” to us as the scholastics would say. But it never stops being a challenge because holiness is “yes” one day after another to the Beloved. Holiness is fidelity. Holiness is giving beyond what we think we can give, then giving some more. There will always be struggle, because holiness will ultimately find us nailed to a crucifix next to Jesus.
Lopez: You write about the “art” of “healthy solitude.” Could we all benefit from it? How can we practice it?
Berg: Oh absolutely. The onslaught of gadgets and new communications and entertainment technology — as useful as it all can be — also opens up some potentially devastating and lasting impacts on our humanity. We are already seeing this in young people who, because of their absorption in gadgets and social media, are losing the very ability to interact; we now have younger generations who often fail to pick up on the kind of non-verbal cues and body language that for older generations were simply intuitive and absorbed into our psyches by continual exposure to the human face and gesticulations. Today we actually have to offer courses on “soft-skills” — human interaction 101, how to looks someone in the eye and shake hands, how to sustain a conversation, how to make small talk, and so on.
So, yes, we all can benefit from a healthy solitude: turning off our gadgets, fasting from social media, relishing the beauty of quiet and silence, enjoying good reading that will nurture our imagination and stimulate our ability to think and to reflect on the big questions. When millions of Americans no longer ask the big questions about life — not simply because they don’t care, but now because they have actually forgotten or never learned what those questions are in the first place — we know we have an enormous problem on our hands. Christians have always valued solitude, for these and many other reasons. It’s one of the gems we have to offer to American culture.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
President Trump did more than retaliate for Bashar al-Assad’s illegal and inhumane use of nerve agents against civilians when he ordered the launch of 59 Tomahawk missiles to destroy al-Shayrat airbase in Syria. He also detonated a few shibboleths of his predecessor’s foreign policy.
First is the idea that President Obama’s 2013 deal to remove Assad’s weapons of mass destruction was a success. Susan Rice and John Kerry have lauded the agreement with Russia to supervise the extraction and destruction of Assad’s weapons stockpiles as recently as the last year. But Assad’s brazen attack on civilians in Idlib Province exposed their celebrations as premature. Trump’s swift, decisive, and limited response ended more than a half decade of vacillation toward’s Assad’s behavior. Obama diplomacy failed, but hard power may yet deter Assad from using weapons banned for almost a century.
The second casualty of the U.S. strike was the absurd Obama line that the only alternatives available to a president are inaction on one hand and a massive ground invasion and occupation on the other. Obama and the architects of his echo chamber would slam any advocate of military measures as a bloodthirsty warmonger ready to repeat the worst mistakes of the U.S. experience in Iraq and Afghanistan. But the reality has always been that there are a range of intermediary steps America can take to pursue her objectives and enforce the standards of Western civilization. The destruction of al-Shayrat is an example of coercive diplomacy similar to the airstrikes President Reagan deployed against Muammar Qaddafi and President Clinton deployed against Slobodan Milosevic. The immediate aim is punitive, to deter the further use of nerve gas against civilians. The longer-term goal is to remove Assad from power and reach a settlement that would in all likelihood partition Syria into sectarian zones of influence. Both objectives are impossible through diplomacy alone. Only through the introduction of force might we frighten the Syrians and their supporters into giving up Assad — if not the Alawite power structure — and winding down his war machine.
EDITORIAL: Syria After the Airstrikes
Which brings us to the final straw man Trump lit on fire. When President Obama punted on Syria in 2013, he claimed there was no international support for limited intervention. True, David Cameron lost a vote in Parliament on the matter. But the actual powers Obama didn’t want to offend were Iran and Russia. He worried they would scuttle the Iran nuclear deal as payback. The loss of American credibility, the confidence of allies, and Syrian civilians were all factored into the cost of an Iranian promise not to test a bomb for 10 years.
Well, the rapprochement with Iran, if it ever existed, is over. In recent weeks President Trump has met with the leaders of our traditional Sunni allies: Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Jordan. He has signed off on aid to Saudi in its war against Iranian proxies in Yemen. He has approved weapons to Bahrain, which is worried about Iranian influence over its Shiite population. America is heavily involved in Iraq and Syria. And now, by striking Assad, President Trump has targeted Iran’s most prominent servant.
Where things go from here is anyone’s guess. One of the reasons I urged Congress not to support Obama’s airstrikes in 2013 was worry not only over the president’s ambivalence but also possible escalation. Presidential ambivalence is gone, but my worry remains. I do think that this operation was about the best one could hope for: the message and objective was clear, the focus limited, the force overwhelming, support broad and deep. Assad may think twice before using these deadly agents again. Russia may be more inclined to replace him with one of his generals. But it is still worth thinking through possible responses if Assad crosses one of President Trump’s many lines again. Whatever the future holds, we do know this: President Trump’s foreign policy will look nothing like President Obama’s.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The U.K.’s Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) has banned a video-game ad featuring plus-sized models wearing swimsuits on the grounds that it “sexually objectified women.”
In case you’re not familiar with U.K. law, its ASA has the power to demand that any ad be removed for a broad range of subjective reasons — and, as Heat Street notes, they’re certainly not afraid of using it. Both an underwear ad and an anti-begging ad were banned under the standards last year. 
The ad that’s been banned this time was a promotion for the game Mobile Strike and features women in swimsuits playing the game on their phones.
“The ASA noted that the images of the women wearing swimwear bore no relation to the product being advertised—a combat-themed mobile game app,” the ASA stated, according to Heat Street. “We also noted that in some of the scenes, the mannerisms of the women were seductive or sexually-charged.”
Now, according to the ASA’s summary of the case, the ad’s creators said “the intention was to feature ‘real-sized’ women and reference mythical warrior women like Amazons and ‘Wonder Woman.’” The video-game industry has been repeatedly attacked for using female characters with “unrealistically” attractive body types, so it makes all the sense in the world that they’d try to counter that by making a body-positive ad. In 2015, there was even an ad campaign that adapted the bodies of female characters to make them look more “realistic,” and it was lauded everywhere from the Huffington Post to CNN. 
Yes, these were bathing-suit wearing women, and not characters in a game — but actually, that’s what makes this decision especially ironic. One of the things that ultimately led to giving the ASA broad authority to ban “sexist” ads was the public backlash over a Protein World ad that featured a fit woman in a swimsuit with the words, “Are you beach body ready?” A petition against the ad received more than 50,000 signatures on the grounds that featuring the words “Are you beach body ready?” next to a fit, hot woman sent the message that only fit, hot women were allowed to put on bathing suits and head to the beach. And now — now — an ad that sends the message that women who aren’t fit can be proud to wear swimsuits is also not okay? 
According to Heat Street, the ASA stated that it had “noted that the ad featured plus-sized models,” but ultimately “considered that fact” to be “irrelevant.”
“For those reasons, we considered that the ad objectified women and was therefore offensive.”
This is obviously absurd. We are talking about an ad that was the direct opposite of an ad that was so widely considered “offensive.” And now this ad is offensive, too? Oh, and also, the video-game industry is consistently criticized for ignoring female gamers, and this was an ad literally featuring female gamers. It was a female-gamers-featuring, body-positive ad, and yet, it was apparently still too problematic to exist. 
So, what’s the solution? Just not feature women in ads, to avoid portraying women in the wrong way? To demand that women are always fully clothed? Because that sounds a little more like Saudi Arabia to me. 
The fact that part of their reasoning was that the ad “bore no relation to the product” is ridiculous. First of all, it’s incorrect, because the women are clearly playing the game being advertised on their phones. But even aside from that, advertisers should be allowed, within reason, to advertise their products the way that they see fit. 
Oh, and as for the reasoning that it needed to be banned because, “in some of the scenes, the mannerisms of the women were seductive”? Um . . . so what. Believe it or not, sometimes women are seductive. I thought that the liberal, feminist side was supposed to stand up for women’s right to be sexual without being shamed for it? Say what you want about conservatives, but it seems more and more like the people on the other, ban-happy side are the ones acting like the modern-day Puritans. 
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
One of the underappreciated obstacles to Republicans’ reaching a deal on health care is simple confusion. Much of that confusion concerns how health legislation should treat people with pre-existing conditions.
Obamacare forbids insurers from overt discrimination against people with pre-existing conditions. That provision of Obamacare polls very well, in isolation, and it is an especially important issue to the many Americans, of all political stripes, who suffer from chronic conditions. But the provision has also been thought to necessitate one of Obamacare’s least popular provisions: the fines on people who do not buy insurance. When the law guarantees that people can get insurance at the same rate when they are healthy as when they are sick, it gives them a reason to wait until they get sick to buy insurance. But if healthy people avoid insurance, its price goes up — and then additional healthy people start avoiding insurance. When people talk about a “death spiral” in insurance markets, that’s what they mean.
Last year House Republicans released an agenda called “A Better Way” that included the outline of a health-care plan. That plan got rid of the fines, and took two steps to protect people with pre-existing conditions. It modified Obamacare’s regulation, saying that sick people had to be offered insurance at the same rate as healthy people provided that they had maintained their insurance coverage. And it established high-risk pools to cover people who could not obtain affordable insurance because of their conditions.
The first idea, a continuous-coverage protection, has its critics: liberals who think it would be inadequate to protect people with chronic conditions, libertarians who think it would be too regulatory. (See here and here for rebuttals of each line of criticism.) The appeal of the step is that it offers protection for sick people without creating an incentive for healthy people to forgo insurance. Indeed, it gives them an incentive to buy insurance: If they stay covered while healthy, they can be secure in the knowledge that they will have coverage if they turn sick.
It seems pretty clear at this point that a number of moderate House Republicans agreed to the Better Way plan without paying close attention to the details. They endorsed it in the belief that it protected people with pre-existing conditions, but did not realize that it did so in a different way than Obamacare.
Now the most conservative House Republicans want to let states apply for a waiver from some of Obamacare’s most important regulations, including its regulations on the treatment of people with pre-existing conditions. (Yuval Levin argues for including waivers in health legislation here, NR’s editors here.) That way, those states can bring premiums lower and increase coverage levels. Moderate Republicans are balking, and a key reason they are balking is either (a) they think that waiving these regulations would leave people with pre-existing conditions unprotected or (b) they had previously campaigned on leaving those regulations in place.
Adding to the confusion is that people are using the term “community rating” in different ways. In this debate, “community rating” refers to charging sick and healthy people the same premiums for the same policies. A state that used a waiver to replace Obamacare’s regulations with a continuous-coverage protection would still be applying community rating to a very large share of the population. But moderates hear “waiver from community rating” and think it means the end of protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
This Politico story illustrates how confused the debate has become. (As far as I can tell from it, Vice President Mike Pence was arguing for a deal that included the ability to apply for waivers, and different audiences interpreted what he was saying differently because they have an all-or-nothing view of community rating.) One reason House Republicans should slow down the process of writing a bill is to make sure that their members have an understanding of these issues that is accurate and shared. It may also be possible to write the language of any provision allowing waivers in a way that allays the moderates’ concerns.
If I’m right about this — if confusion really is one of the main reasons Republicans aren’t united behind legislation — it’s a hopeful story. Real disagreements can’t always be resolved, but confusion can be dispelled.
— Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Over the past few weeks, an extensive scare campaign has misled many Americans into believing that Congress and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) are threatening their Internet privacy. These untrue accusations have generated borderline hysteria, to the point where, as an FCC commissioner, I was grilled by two friends on the topic at a recent wedding. To counter this misinformation, it’s important to understand how data is currently used in the Internet economy, which federal agencies oversee Internet privacy, and the effect of legislation recently enacted by Congress. At the same time, we must consider what can be done to protect consumers’ private information no matter whose hands it ends up in, on and off the Internet.
Everyone should acknowledge a simple truth: The heart and soul of today’s Internet economy is the collection of data, mainly for use in targeted advertising. From commercial companies to political campaigns, advertising dollars are increasingly being spent on the web, rather than on traditional media. Jeopardize this arrangement and a vast number of free Internet features and functions will evaporate in short order.
Take for instance Google, which is one of the largest American companies and certainly a dominant Internet force. It makes a large portion of its overall revenue from the desktop and mobile versions of Google search, even though this service — and Google’s many others, such as YouTube and Gmail — are essentially “free” to use. Its largest revenue stream comprises advertising based on keyword searches from users and ad placements from third parties. It collects, slices, and dices users’ search information for purposes of performance analytics, which allows for greater precision in the targeting of ads to interested consumers — a proven source of profit. It is by no means alone in its approach, as almost every Internet entity (webpages, applications, operating systems, e-mail clients, etc.) collects consumers’ data in one way or another. In fact, those that fail to do so have effectively found themselves shunned by the debt and equity markets.
In terms of current privacy protections, Internet-data collection and use has been and remains effectively overseen by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), with a few notable exceptions. In particular, in 2015, the FCC decided to impose draconian regulatory burdens on broadband providers under the misnomer of the “Open Internet.” One consequence of the FCC’s decision to assert authority over broadband providers was to dismantle the FTC’s previous role in overseeing the privacy practices of these very same entities.
To address the void it had created, the FCC then decided, in the waning days of the Obama administration, to devise its own privacy regime exclusively for broadband providers. Unwilling to replicate the FTC’s time-tested and sensible approach, the FCC ratcheted up the privacy standard to require new “opt in” procedures for hastily defined categories of data, such as application usage, web-browsing history, and geolocation. This was done even though this data can be used for benign and consumer-friendly purposes.
The disparate treatment of broadband providers as compared with all other Internet companies is important, and it helps explain the recent legislative activity (but not the attendant uproar). Using the Congressional Review Act, Congress recently passed, and President Trump signed, legislation to effectively nullify the new FCC privacy rules before they even went into effect. Basically, lawmakers rejected the FCC’s creation of an uneven playing field disadvantaging broadband providers. It found — rightly, I think — that there was no reason to single out the privacy practices of broadband providers for heightened scrutiny, especially since they have less access to consumer information than other Internet companies. This is, in part, because the increased use of encryption technologies throughout the online ecosystem cloaks such data from broadband providers’ collection or use, and in part because the availability of multiple platforms from which consumers can access the Internet (e.g., wireline, wireless, or wi-fi networks) means that no one provider can have the full picture of an individual’s habits required to effectively deploy targeted ads.
Some will try to argue that Congress’s action, combined with a questionable recent Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision, creates a loophole for broadband providers to exploit. These agitators suggest that the Ninth Circuit’s decision, which utilized an exceedingly broad interpretation of the law and may yet be overturned on appeal, means that the FTC effectively cedes its power to protect users’ privacy whenever a company initiates a so-called “common carrier service.” Others will complain that broadband providers can now sell individual consumers’ browsing histories. In point of fact, these arguments are red herrings. By using its powers under the CRA, Congress has paved the way for the FCC to reset broadband privacy when it revisits its “Open Internet” decision, hopefully soon. One option squarely on our plate is to delete those rules altogether, thereby reinstating the FTC’s historic role in holistically and rationally overseeing the privacy practices and commitments of all participants in the Internet economy.
Moreover, a common review of the privacy practices of Internet companies reveals that they generally meet the privacy expectations of their users. These companies have little interest in abusing their customers’ trust, insofar as doing so risks losing valuable business. For instance, contrary to popular belief, no respectable company — broadband provider or otherwise — sells the web-browsing histories of individuals; instead, many websites, e-mail services, and apps sell ad slots based on data about prior user Internet activity, provided most commonly by browsers or search engines. In other words, if individuals search for high-end women’s shoes, they may see instantaneous targeted ads for Nordstrom or Jimmy Choo. But most broadband providers don’t do this and don’t have the capability to do it even if they would like to.
While the current FCC can act to reinstate the FTC’s authority by undoing the overreach of the “Open Internet” decision, a long-term and sustainable solution to consumer privacy is for Congress to step forward and enact balanced privacy legislation. Ideally, any such legislation would govern offline and online information collection and use practices alike, protecting appropriate uses of collected data. It would clear up any residual uncertainty caused by the Ninth Circuit’s ruling. And it would establish rules based on how sensitive particular information is to users, rather than what type of information it is or who possesses it. Anything less would do a disservice to Internet companies and consumers alike.
— Michael O’Rielly is a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
President Trump hit a Syrian airfield with dozens of Tomahawk missiles.
The strike was notable for its rapidity – about 72 hours after the Assad chemical attack that killed dozens of civilians — and for the swift reversal it represented in what had been the administration’s tolerant attitude toward the Assad regime.
If it is a one-off, this strike is the very definition of a symbolic pinprick. It was launched with highly precise weapons against the airfield from which the Syrian chemical attack emanated. According to reports, we apprised Russian personnel at the base beforehand, meaning the Syrians effectively had advance warning as well.
We are skeptical of the wisdom of this approach. It may be that the strike is enough to deter Assad from future chemical attacks, but it also could have unwelcome unintended consequences.
If Assad decides to defy us, we will be forced into further action against his regime without any idea of what would replace it.
Syria has only gotten more complicated since the last time a president considered retaliating against Assad’s use of chemical weapons. President Obama’s red-line fiasco led to a sham “deal” in which Syria pretended to agree to destroy its chemical arsenal, and in which the U.S. ultimately gave Russia a free hand to intervene in the Syrian civil war.
Since 2013, Russia has worked with its Iranian and Syrian partners to decimate the Syrian opposition and secure regime control over Syria’s largest cities. Meanwhile, ISIS rose, reached its high-water mark, and now is in retreat, with American allies and even American soldiers pushing it back into its last Syrian and Iraqi strongholds.
In other words, the situation is in many ways more perilous than it was a few years ago. Russia is in position to resist any further U.S. attacks that are strong enough to weaken the regime, adding another element of risk. Moreover, Russian and Syrian assaults on Syrian rebels have been so effective that there is even less hope (to the extent that it ever existed) that a secular or moderate opposition could take power. Jihadists are most likely to benefit from a near-term regime collapse.
This means that the U.S. should be playing a longer game. American-allied forces have gained ground against ISIS and now seem set not only to defeat ISIS in its “capital” city of Raqqa but also to dominate northern Syria going forward. These advances should allow the U.S. to confine Assad to his western strongholds and may help provide sanctuaries from oppression for fleeing refugees. From this position, we can consider options in the next stage of the Syrian civil war, which must be part of a broader strategy with our allies that includes a plausible vision of a post-Assad Syria.
At the same time, America can still use sanctions to impose a high economic cost on Russia and Iran, the two powers most responsible for propping up Assad’s murderous regime. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was appropriately tough in his statement last night about Russia’s presumed complicity in Assad’s chemical attack.
Thanks in part to Obama’s weakness and especially to the support of the Syrian regime’s cynical, bloody-minded allies, Assad has decisively gained the upper hand in his country’s civil war. Trying to reverse that will be the work of years, and is unlikely to be advanced by a quick reaction to horrifying images of Assad’s latest war crime.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Three movies this week confront our inner dictator. The most obvious is Cristian Mungiu’s Graduation (Bacalaureat), in which a middle-aged Romanian doctor, Romeo (Adrian Titieni), compromises himself as a husband, father, and citizen. He enters the subculture of secret deals and deceit to guarantee that his daughter Eliza (Maria-Victoria Dragus) passes her high-school exam and wins a scholarship to a British university.
At a key moment, Romeo tells Eliza: “Sometimes in life it’s the result that counts. We raised you to always be honest, but this is the world we live in. And sometimes we need to fight using their weapons.” Romeo’s parental advice reflects the corruption of our era. Mungiu puts global conflicts in personal, self-justifying terms and, like politicians and their party surrogates, seems too at ease with the apparent need for compromise. His drily observant style imparts a moral lesson about apathy, a lesson that is not far from propaganda.
Mungiu’s cynicism is highly favored on the international film-festival circuit, including distributors and critics who hailed his 2007 abortion tract, 4 Months, 3 Weeks, and 2 Days. The gatekeepers of today’s self-justifying film culture extol Mungiu’s “truth” as their own. Whether delving into abortion or the rigging of class advantages, Mungiu combines scenes of daylight paranoia with film-noir suspense. It’s a vision that contemporary film culture readily recognizes and rewards.
 
Graduation virtually mirrors the current political hysteria evident among film folk, as in recent bookings of Michael Radford’s dismal rendition of Orwell’s 1984 — moviegoers are meant to screen it as part of their “day of resistance” (for illiterates, presumably). It’s become hip in today’s film-culture gulag to praise movies that affirm Europe’s collapse into nihilism: Michael Haneke’s Caché and Cristi Puiu’s The Death of Mr. Lazarescu (which also starred morose, pot-bellied Titieni) are clear influences on Graduation. Romanian imports of the past decade depict an inescapable, post-Ceausescu heritage of unavoidable pessimism that has become entrenched. In Graduation, a hospital colleague says, “It’s too late for us.” Romeo asks his long-suffering wife, “How did we become such enemies? Can you remember?” Our film gulag has taken this banality to heart.
Mungiu’s moralism is like that in Death of a Salesman: It rationalizes and sentimentalizes common corruption. When accompanying his daughter to a police station, Romeo’s reflection in the one-way mirror puts him into the line-up of rape suspects (one swarthy, probably Muslim). It’s too-obvious symbolism. Romeo refuses the chance to correct his mistakes. A coworker advises, “Errare humanum est, as the Romans used to say.” But Mungiu prefers a guilt-ridden vision. Had Graduation been conceived as Cheating, it might be a worthy response to these times.
*****
The male and female protagonists in The Assignment, the new genre movie by Walter Hill (director of The Warriors and 48 Hrs.), represent genders at war — yet both characters are on the same side ideologically. Hitman Frank Kitchen (Michelle Rodriguez) glories in his masculine ability to kill and fornicate, but he becomes the victim of mad Dr. Rachel Kay (Sigourney Weaver), who, with equal insensitivity, abducts Frank and performs sex-reassignment surgery on him. It’s revenge for Frank’s assassination of the doctor’s mob-tied brother.
The destinies of Frank and Dr. Kay are intertwined through flashbacks that play with the audience’s expectations about gender and genre. The apparent simplicity of Hill’s lurid narrative contains complexity. The Assignment deliberately evokes low-budget B-movies (a film-noir view of the world), but Hill satirizes that form as well as our once-trite, now over-complicated ideas about male and female social identity. Hill’s use of comic-book-panel transitions announces the film’s brash perspective.
This trickery gives The Assignment political daring that has stirred controversy among commentators who are agitated by any depiction of transgenderism that does not conform to politically correct dictates. The film’s key anti-PC line comes when Frank accepts his fate: “I was gonna be a chick — except in my head.” Instead of giving Millennials the heroic gender transition that they demand, Hill insists that we think deeper — perhaps about the media’s popularizing of sex reassignment and the painful complications that such a choice entails.
 
Frank’s dilemma raises the question of whether sexuality is ideologically enforced or is a mere conceit based on what’s fashionable. Is Frank really a woman? Is Dr. Kay merely a monster? The Assignment’s themes rise above our current political and cultural confusion. No wonder Hill’s film went through several different concepts and titles: from Tomboy to (Re)Assignment to The Assignment. Will any other movie present comparable complications this year?
Hill’s game is an acquired taste. He first explored this story as an experimental graphic comic, partly because Hollywood’s pulp-based action-movie genre had lost its moral bearings after Tarantino. Hill’s cinematic flair — kinetic style connected to moral exploration — was established a full decade before Pulp Fiction eradicated morality from genre movies. Contemporary filmgoers (Tarantino’s kids) are unaccustomed to the philosophical inquiry that is part of The Assignment’s terseness and audacity. Hill first evinced these qualities in Hard Times (1975), The Driver (1978), The Warriors (1979), The Long Riders (1980), Southern Comfort (1981), and several other action films that displayed visual richness and existential pith.
When Dr. Kay tells Frank, “I’ve liberated you from the macho prison you were living in,” she indicts B-movie heroism while also questioning patriarchy. Dr. Kay flatters herself by advising Frank, “You’ve been a very bad man, this is your opportunity for redemption.” Her self-deception echoes the narcissism of classic, self-righteous movie villainy. Neither radical nor conservative, Hill holds both sides of the transgender controversy in suspense: PC righteousness vs. fundamental biology. What an adventurous ploy for our ongoing, mind-blowing human drama.
Are you fed up with contemporary political discussion and argument that diminish your beliefs and intelligence? Weaver’s Dr. Kay embodies that anxiety. Doggedly intelligent Dr. Kay might be the ultimate Sigourney Weaver androgyne role. She plays with masculine and feminine prerogatives in ways that would honor Jean-Luc Godard’s 1966 Masculin Féminin, which analyzed sex and political roles. She also elaborates on her Ripley character in the Alien films (which Hill produced) in ways Hollywood has been too cowardly to explore. Dr. Kay’s rebuff to the prison authorities who straightjacket her (“None of you are worth my time”) also works as Hill’s defense of his own career: a proud artist’s reproof to cultural small-mindedness. Weaver plays the strongest of all the manly female characters in Hill’s filmography.
The Assignment is less thrilling than Hill’s career comeback Bullet to the Head (2012). The Assignment’s imperfection cannot be overlooked: Actress Michelle Rodriguez doesn’t achieve Frank’s androgynous potential. Her full-frontal nude strut is as phony as Mark Wahlberg’s rubber phallus in Boogie Nights, and she portrays Frank’s machismo with the same sullen sneer that reviewers foolishly equated with Brando in Rodriguez’s debut film, Girlfight (2000). Scenes with a working-class nurse (Caitlin Gerard) make Rodriguez’s acting limitations painfully apparent. Frank should have been as fascinating as the cross-gender characters in Pedro Almodóvar’s The Skin I Live In, Brian De Palma’s Raising Cain, or Hill’s plastic-surgery classic Johnny Handsome, in which Mickey Rourke movingly portrays a man whose facial reconstruction reveals the good or evil potential in those around him. As bold as The Assignment is, Hill nonetheless must struggle with Hollywood’s sexual sanctimony.
*****
An early candidate for worst film of the year: Nacho Vigalondo’s Colossal. This feminist sci-fi is a tribute to misandry. Anne Hathaway plays Gloria, an alcoholic lout who blames all her problems on men. Since childhood, she has displaced her dissatisfaction onto a Godzilla-like monster. It’s a psychotic self-projection that imitates her grade-school sandbox antics in the streets of Seoul, South Korea, killing innocent citizens because . . . well, men are bad. Oscar (Jason Sudeikis) is the latest victim of Gloria’s man-hatred (she even attacks him physically as if feminism endorses assault and battery by women). All this movie lacks is handing out pink pussy hats to brain-dead ticket-buyers.
 
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.



ARTICLE
Seventeen-year-old Khalid shuffled into the room, his baggy brown pants pulled up to his ankles. Three months ago the Iraqi army liberated his town from the Islamic State. Then Shia militias allied with Baghdad showed up. When they did, “I ran away from them and came here,” to Erbil, Khalid says, sitting on the couch of a rehabilitation center run by the Labor and Social Affairs ministry of the Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq. Last year these Shia militias, called Hashd al-Shaabi, or “popular mobilization units,” were incorporated as an official paramilitary force alongside the Iraqi army because of their key role in fighting ISIS.
Too young to remember Saddam Hussein, Khalid spent his formative years as a teenager under the Islamic State. Although his uncles were murdered by ISIS, he admits to joining the group under pressure. Now as ISIS faces defeat, Shia militias allied with Iran as well as with the Iraqi government are occupying his village. His hatred for Iran and the Shia is clear today. It illustrates the seething anger among some Iraqi Sunni Arabs who wonder whether liberation from ISIS will mean a new round of conflict with the central government.
ISIS was brutal toward the groups it hated, including Yazidis, Assyrian Christians, Kurds, and Shia, but many of the local Sunnis in Mosul celebrated when it arrived in June 2014. Now those same people are witnessing the war come full circle as the Iraqi central government battles for control of the city. To stave off a new insurgency and create a functioning Iraq, the government has to show that its new army and institutions are professional and disciplined and that liberation from ISIS will bring stability. If militias come to dominate areas around Mosul after the war, Baghdad’s tensions with the local population and with the Kurdish region will increase. Currently the Iraqi army is fighting in Mosul while popular mobilization units man checkpoints in the countryside.
Members of the U.S.-led coalition that is working closely with the Iraqi security forces in the battle for Mosul are optimistic about what they are seeing on the ground. Lieutenant Colonel John Hawbaker, a local U.S. commander from the 73rd Cavalry Regiment of the 82nd Airborne Division, says that the Iraqi army’s various units fighting in Mosul are capable and experienced. Sitting next to the tarmac of a makeshift helipad ten kilometers south of Mosul, the commander liaisons with the Emergency Response Brigade and the federal police, two Iraqi units that have played a key role in the battle for Mosul. Hawbaker served in Iraq when the U.S. was fighting a jihadist insurgency in 2005–6. In those days it was the American military leading the way. “The difference now is that ISF [Iraqi security forces] conducts a fight not as a counter-insurgency but against a conventional force” of ISIS, Hawaker says, adding, however, that the ISF and coalition continue to fight “the same evil.” In this battle, the Iraqis have set the priorities and the plans, and the U.S. mission is to advise and provide accurate air strikes and artillery fire to assist the advance. As we sat and talked, the loud boom of outgoing fire could be heard as M109 howitzers sent their shells skyward to strike at ISIS in the city.
From my numerous conversations with the coalition in Iraq, it is clear that members have a newfound respect for the capabilities of the Iraqi army. It isn’t the old Iraqi army, which collapsed, surrendering thousands of vehicles and equipment in 2014 when ISIS arrived. Driving into west Mosul along the road that leads north from Baghdad, this Iraqi war machine was evident. Blue and black humvees of the federal police drive back and forth, their bulletproof windows often dented with shrapnel. M117 security vehicles, which look like tortoises with giant wheels, line the road, dirt berms dug in to protect the supply line. The flood of American equipment has made this army capable, but it is the Iraqi soldiers who had to clear ISIS from a dozen Iraqi cities over the past two years, killing thousands and taking heavy casualties.
A 90-minute drive from the battle for Mosul, through the flat Nineveh plains, where the Assyrian empire once flourished, takes one to the borders of the Kurdistan region. This was where Kurdish forces and American airpower defeated an ISIS tide of advance in 2014. Before being pushed back, the jihadists ransacked Assyrian Christian towns and dynamited archaeological sites on the plains. In contrast to the religious tensions palpable around Mosul, today’s Kurdistan Regional Government and its capital, Erbil, are thriving and bustling — new hotels and residential towers are being built, and coffee shops, some modeled on Starbucks but offering nargilahs, line the streets.
After the fatigue from decades of war and insurgency in Iraq, Erbil stands out as a model of stability, offering hope. The coalition has said that it will continue to train the Iraqi army and the Kurdish peshmerga, the two forces that defeated ISIS. Jared Kushner and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Joseph Dunford were in Baghdad on March 3, as a show of support. But there is a long road ahead to rebuild areas shattered by war and enable millions of internally displaced people to return home.
— Seth J. Frantzman is the op-ed editor of the Jerusalem Post and a research associate at the Rubin Center for Research in International Affairs at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya.



ARTICLE
Early in his tenure, President George W. Bush did something that would become an important footnote of his foreign-policy legacy. With strong backing from the faith community, he launched the U.S. President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) in 2003. He announced the initiative in his State of the Union Address, saying that “seldom has history provided a greater opportunity to do so much for so many.” To an American audience, he methodically laid out the tragedy of AIDS in Africa.
It is no exaggeration to say that this one foreign-policy program, which enjoys robust bipartisan congressional support, has saved millions of lives and restored hope and vitality to millions more. PEPFAR’s story, which is still unfolding today, is instructive as observers in Washington assess the Trump administration’s proposed budget and the reflex to pull back on foreign aid.
Indeed, PEPFAR is a standout example of how to achieve great things through strategic U.S. foreign-assistance investments — and of how public–private partnerships can wed the efficiencies of the private sector with the scale and reach of the public sector. By maintaining the program’s funding — something we both advocate — the United States and this administration will be well positioned to celebrate a historic public-health achievement: the end of the AIDS epidemic for an entire generation of children.
The rollout of PEPFAR nearly 15 years ago was swift and efficient. The program quickly scaled up effective HIV-prevention and -treatment programs through non-governmental organizations, but also by partnering with thousands of faith-based organizations that were already providing extensive health services across Africa. Since PEPFAR’s creation, the number of new infections in children worldwide has declined nearly 70 percent, and nearly 2 million HIV-positive mothers have given birth to babies who are HIV-free. Millions of HIV-infected adults gained access to life-saving medications and were able to return to healthy and productive lives, almost overnight.
Many Americans remember the work of Elizabeth Glaser, who in the 1980s unknowingly passed HIV to her two children. Sadly, her daughter Ariel died at age seven in 1988, but her son Jake lives a full, healthy, and active life today. Elizabeth lost her own battle with HIV in 1994, spending her final years as a leading national advocate for children with HIV. Through this work, she laid the groundwork for the virtual elimination of mother-to-child HIV transmission in the United States.
Few Americans at the time understood the toll that HIV/AIDS was taking in the developing world. By the early 2000s, AIDS was a crisis of enormous proportions in sub-Saharan Africa, where approximately 30 million people were living with the virus. Fourteen hundred babies were born HIV-positive each day, their mothers left with no treatment options to save their own lives or those of their children.
Churches and the faith community often shouldered much of the burden in Africa, serving on the frontlines of the epidemic to provide comprehensive support and care to those living with the virus and to the families left behind in its wake. Notably, since the beginning of PEPFAR, almost $2 billion in U.S. funding has gone to faith-based organizations. Much of that went toward life-saving care, services to prevent mother-to-child transmission, and support programs for millions of children infected with and affected by HIV.
For years, the virus had been ravaging the African continent and destabilizing some of the world’s poorest and most vulnerable communities. PEPFAR drastically reduced HIV/AIDS-related mortality and morbidity and rapidly expanded access to anti-retroviral treatments for millions of men, women, and children in countries where virtually no response to the epidemic existed just a decade earlier.
But PEPFAR’s value extends beyond the humanitarian. A 2015 report by the Bipartisan Policy Center noted that PEPFAR served as an effective diplomatic tool, as people in the program’s target countries saw the United States in a better light. The program has also shown an exemplary return on U.S. investments, as funds are distributed efficiently and strategically to achieve the greatest impact.
Even so, unfinished business remains. Today, 1.5 million HIV-positive women become pregnant each year, and 400 children are infected with HIV every day. Only about half of the 1.8 million children living with HIV have access to the medications they need, and AIDS remains the leading cause of death among adolescents ages ten to 19 in Africa. Sustained commitment, investment, and prioritization are critical to driving continued progress and overcoming these final hurdles.
Steep reductions in U.S. foreign-assistance funding jeopardize the goal of ending pediatric AIDS in our lifetime. Significant cuts would inevitably roll back the dramatic progress brought about largely by both the generosity of the American people and the global faith community.
Washington Post columnist Michael Gerson visited Africa as a policy adviser shortly after PEPFAR was unveiled. Years later he remarked that the program “existed entirely because of a willing leader, a creative policy team, a smattering of activists, and a vast, bleeding need.”
That bleeding need is still there, and our hope is that President Trump, too, will stand behind a policy untethered to politics, so we can defeat a disease unbound by borders. With continued political and financial commitment, this could and should be the administration that can celebrate the end of AIDS in children.
— Charles Lyons is the president and CEO of the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, the world’s leading organization committed to the global elimination of pediatric HIV and AIDS. Richard Stearns is the president of World Vision U.S. and the author of The Hole in Our Gospel.



ARTICLE
The Democrats and old-guard news media (forgive the redundancy) are pathologically obsessed with the hypothesis that Team Trump and Russia rigged last November’s presidential election. If Donald J. Trump so much as played Tchaikovsky’s Marche Slav on his stereo, these leftists deduce, he was in cahoots with the Kremlin.
Meanwhile, the same folks who spy a KGB agent behind every filing cabinet in Trump’s White House are aggressively apathetic about Hillary and Bill Clinton’s policies, decisions, and actions that gave aid and comfort to Russia.
Hillary’s much-mocked “Russian reset” established the tone for the Clintons’ coziness with the Kremlin. On March 6, 2009, during a trip to Geneva, she presented Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov a small, red button. Hillary thought it was emblazoned with the Russian word for “reset.” Her team mistranslated and the button actually read “overload.” Nonetheless, Clinton and Lavrov jointly pressed the symbolic button. And a new era in U.S.–Russian relations erupted.
While visiting Moscow on March 24, 2010, Hillary explained the Reset’s purpose: “Our goal is to help strengthen Russia.”
Hillary said this in an interview with veteran broadcaster Vladimir Pozner of Russia’s First Channel TV network. Pozner is a Soviet-era relic who still communicates in barely accented English. During the Cold War, he popped up on American TV and radio programs and presented the views of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Pozner’s pleasantries made him and his totalitarian bosses seem blandly benign.
The shadiest deal that the Clintons hatched with Russia is called Uranium One. This outrage should mushroom into Hillary and Bill’s radioactive Whitewater scandal.
Frank Giustra, a Canadian mining mogul and major Clinton Foundation donor, led a group of investors in an enterprise called Uranium One. On June 8, 2010, Rosatom, the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation, announced plans to purchase a 51.4 percent stake in the Canadian company, whose international assets included some 20 percent of America’s uranium capacity.
Because this active ingredient in atomic reactors and nuclear weapons is a strategic commodity, this $1.3 billion deal required the approval of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS). Secretary of State Clinton was one of nine federal department and agency heads on that secretive panel.
On June 29, 2010, three weeks after Rosatom proposed to Uranium One, Bill Clinton keynoted a seminar staged by Renaissance Capital in Moscow, a reputedly Kremlin-controlled investment bank that promoted this transaction. Renaissance Capital paid Clinton $500,000 for his one-hour speech.
While CFIUS evaluated Rosatom’s offer, Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer observed, “a spontaneous outbreak of philanthropy among eight shareholders in Uranium One” began. “These Canadian mining magnates decide now would be a great time to donate tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation.”
These included Uranium One’s then-chairman, Ian Telfer, whose donations to the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative (CGSGI) totaled $3.1 million. Giustra himself gave $131.3 million to the Clinton Foundation. Before, during, and after CFIUS’s review, Schweizer calculates, “shareholders involved in this transaction had transferred approximately $145 million to the Clinton Foundation or its initiatives.”
Others were less enthused about this deal.
“Russia’s record of transferring dangerous materials and technologies to rogue regimes, such as those in Iran and Syria, is very troubling,” Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee at the time, wrote to CFIUS’s then-chairman, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. The top Republicans on the Financial Services, Homeland Security, and Armed Services Committees also signed Ros-Lehtinen’s letter of October 5, 2010.
“We believe that this potential takeover of U.S. nuclear resources by a Russian government–owned agency would pose great potential harm to the national security of the United States,” the letter read, “and we urge the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to block the sale.”
As a CFIUS member, Hillary could have heeded this warning and stopped Vladimir Putin from controlling a fifth of U.S. uranium supplies. America’s chief diplomat and former first lady either welcomed this prospect or was too uncharacteristically demure to make her objections stick.
In either case, on October 23, 2010, within three weeks of that letter, CFIUS approved Rosatom’s purchase of a majority stake in Uranium One.
Thanks to subsequent investments, Rosatom’s share of Uranium One grew to 100 percent by January 2013. Robert Gill of Morrison Williams Investment Management told Canada’s Financial Post: “By doing this acquisition, they can continue to build the company they intended to build, but they can do so without the transparency required by the public markets.”
Rosatom CEO Sergei Kiriyenko crowed just after taking total control of Uranium One, “Few could have imagined in the past that we would own 20 percent of U.S. reserves.”
A headline in Pravda boasted on January 22, 2013: “Russian nuclear energy conquers the world.”
My old friend Michael Caputo performed public-relations work for Renaissance Capital in 1999–2000. He says it subsequently became “a practical arm of Vladimir Putin.” Caputo was stunned at the speed with which CFIUS approved Rosatom’s purchase of Uranium One.
“In 2010–2011, I ran acquisition communications for Safran Group, the French government–controlled defense contractor which bought the US biometrics company L-1,” Caputo wrote in PoliticsNY.net. “It took us almost two years to gain CFIUS approval for France, an historic ally, to purchase a biometrics firm, not even remotely a strategic asset.” He added, “These two CFIUS approvals were happening at precisely the same time. Safran couldn’t buy a break and was questioned at every turn. Somehow, Kremlin-controlled Rosatom’s purchase sailed through on a cool breeze.”
A strong wind lifted Hillary’s efforts to help Boeing seal a major sale to the Kremlin. She visited Moscow on October 13, 2009. She was there, in part, to boost the American jet manufacturer.
“We’re delighted that a new Russian airline, Rosavia, is actively considering the acquisition of Boeing aircraft. And this is a shameless pitch for Rosavia,” Clinton said at Moscow’s Boeing Design Center. “The Ex-Im Bank would welcome an application for financing from Rosavia to support its purchase of Boeing aircraft.”
Three days later, according to the Washington Post, “Boeing formally submitted its bid for the Russian deal.”
On June 1, 2010, the Kremlin-owned Rostekhnologii company — mercifully, it’s now called Rostec — had great news for the plane maker: It decided to buy as many as 50 Boeing 737 jets for Russia’s national airline, Aeroflot. Reported price: $3.7 billion.
That August 17, just ten weeks later, Boeing announced a $900,000 gift to the Clinton Foundation to “help support the reconstruction of Haiti’s public education system” after a massive earthquake pulverized the impoverished nation the previous January.
The Clinton Foundation’s website declares total contributions from Boeing to be between $1 million and $5 million.
Boeing also very generously supported the USA Pavilion at the 2010 World’s Fair in Shanghai, a project that Hillary championed. While visiting China on November 16, 2009, Hillary announced that Boeing “has just agreed to double its contribution to $2 million.”
But this gift was fishy, too.
“Clinton did not point out that, to secure the donation, the State Department had set aside ethics guidelines that first prohibited solicitations of Boeing and then later permitted only a $1 million gift from the company,” Rosalind S. Helderman explained in the April 13, 2014, Washington Post. “State Department officials ruled out soliciting Boeing and other large firms with significant business relationships with the government.” These authorities then changed their minds and permitted Boeing’s contribution, although no one can explain how Boeing shattered that $1 million ceiling.
Hillary Clinton also favored Skolkovo, an “innovation city” near Moscow, which enjoyed some $5 billion in Russian-government seed money. She discussed Skolkovo with Russia’s then-president, Dimitry Medvedev.
“At a long meeting I had with Medvedev outside Moscow in October 2009, he raised his plan to build a high-tech corridor in Russia modeled after our own Silicon Valley,” Hillary said. “When I suggested that he visit the original in California, he turned to his staff and told them to follow up.”
The month before Medved’s June 2010 visit to Silicon Valley, the State Department arranged for 22 leading U.S. venture capitalists to tour Skolkovo. Under Hillary, State encouraged American companies to participate in the Skolkovo project. Cisco, Google, and Intel are among those that got involved.
By 2012, Skolkovo boasted 28 “Key Partners” in the U.S., Europe, and Russia. Among these major supporting organizations, three-fifths had donated or pledged funds to the Clinton Foundation or paid speaking fees to Bill Clinton. According to From Russia with Money, an August 2016 study by the Government Accountability Institute, these 17 “Key Partner” entities donated between $6.5 million and $23.5 million to the Clinton Foundation.
Far more troubling, in 2014, the FBI wrote companies that operated in Skolkovo or backed the Skolkovo Foundation.
“The foundation may be a means for the Russian government to access our nation’s sensitive or classified research development facilities and dual-use technologies with military and commercial application,” warned Boston-based FBI agent Lucia Ziobro. “The FBI believes the true motives of the Russian partners, who are often funded by their government, is to gain access to classified, sensitive, and emerging technology from the companies.”
The U.S. Army Foreign Military Studies Program at Fort Leavenworth concluded in 2013: “Skolkovo is arguably an overt alternative to clandestine industrial espionage.”
The Clintons actually did these things. This is no unicorn hunt. No theory, speculation, or breathless, Cold War fantasy is required. These actions (and inactions) happened.
When it comes to Team Trump, Democrats and their journalist pals are as relentless as bloodhounds chasing escaped jailbirds. And yet, regarding the Clintons, the Democrats and old-guard news people are as ferocious as puppies enjoying a roaring fireplace.
By all means, let Congress and the media get to the bottom of what, if anything, Russia may have done to influence last year’s elections and what, if anything, Team Trump did to help.
But let’s also root out what, if anything, the Clintons did to advance Russia’s strategic position, while feathering their nests.
These are vital questions for both sides, and dogged investigators need to dig up all the answers.
Puppies need not apply.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff furnished research for this opinion piece.



ARTICLE
White House official Steve Bannon is off the National Security Council, in a reversal of what had been an eyebrow-raising decision to put the president’s top political adviser on the NSC.
It is a step toward normality in a White House that has struggled with it, especially in the Oval Office.
One would have thought the sweet spot for President Donald Trump would be enough policy heterodoxy to convince marginal working-class voters that he’s a different kind of Republican, coupled with enough conventional behavior to take the edge off his radioactive image.
Instead, after about 75 days, it’s been the opposite on both counts. With some exceptions (banging on companies on Twitter for outsourcing, the heavy emphasis on immigration enforcement), the substance has been conventionally Republican, while the behavior has been outlandishly Trump.
The two are related. Since Trump is undisciplined, doesn’t have well-formulated policy views, and will change his mind based on the last person he’s talked to, he’s not well-suited to driving an agenda.
The result could well be a Republican president with the kind of policy platform that leads people to believe the party is out of touch, presented in the most off-putting and needlessly combative way possible.
Consider: If there is one issue that Trump has been consistent on for decades, it is attacking free trade. His jeremiads on trade clearly played a role in his breach of the Democrats’ blue wall in November. Yet, according to news reports, Trump’s team is having arguments about the fundamental direction of his trade policy.
How is this for priorities? The administration apparently doesn’t know whether it is protectionist or not, but is utterly committed to defending every Saturday-morning tweet from the president. In other words, the only thing that is an unquestioned constant is Trump’s demeanor. Or to put it another way, Trump’s content may be subject to change, but never his style.
When all is said and done, the residue of distinctiveness of the Trump phenomenon could well be Trump himself, namely his ramshackle management, willingness to say anything, and propensity for feeling slighted and hurling insults.
Tellingly, the president has sunk beneath 40 percent in a couple of polls without anything major having gone wrong. The initial travel-ban rollout was a fiasco, but the policy has essentially been on hold since, blocked by the courts. The defeat of the health-care bill was a blow, but it could still be revived. Otherwise, there’s been no foreign blowup, the job market is reasonably strong, and every indicator of business and consumer sentiment is pointing in the right direction.
The drag on Trump has to be Trump himself. You might have thought he’d have learned a lesson from the positive reaction to his selection of Neil Gorsuch — a normal pick, arrived at through a normal process, who may be the biggest success of the first year — and to his almost entirely conventional speech to the joint session of Congress. Instead, they represented brief wanderings onto script from an otherwise improvisational actor.
Trump feels like he’s still up for grabs. Will he end up accommodating the GOP establishment, going hard populist, or throwing in with the New York moderates in his White House? Regardless, how he conducts himself will remain equally a problem.
Perpetual warfare on all fronts doesn’t mean you’re winning, just that you have a lot of enemies. Counterpunching doesn’t always mean you’re hurting your adversary, just that you may be fighting on his terrain. Chaos doesn’t mean you’re draining the swamp, just that you’re wasting political capital.
The adage is that if you’re taking flak, it means you’re over the target. In Trump’s case, it may mean that he decided on a whim to change the flight plan in the middle of the mission to divebomb some out-of-the-way, well-defended target.
Normality won’t mean anything until it reaches all the way to the top.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s unorthodox campaign and unexpected victory have produced a culture of mistrust permeating our politics and threatening to undermine the rule of law. That’s not healthy, whatever you think of Trump or his political opponents.
The partisan mistrust is evident in Senate Democrats’ filibuster of the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch, which, at this writing, seems sure to result in an end to such filibusters, to at least the short-term detriment of the Democratic party. Apparently, pressure from the party’s base has pushed reluctant senators into this self-defeating course.
Mistrust is also apparent in the decisions of federal judges overturning Trump’s travel-ban executive orders. In two cases, judges made clear that they would uphold similar orders issued by any other president — but they wouldn’t uphold one made by someone who called for a “Muslim ban” at one point in his campaign, even though he withdrew that proposal in favor of “extreme vetting” months before his election. This, despite the fact that neither the Constitution nor legislation passed by Congress confers rights on foreigners not in the United States against religious discrimination.
Policy arguments can be made against a Muslim ban and against Trump’s much more limited executive orders. The first probably would be impossible to enforce, and both might increase resentment of the United States among the world’s billion-plus Muslims. But ordinarily, judges treat litigants impartially and don’t determine policy. It’s called the rule of law.
Then there’s the belief of many Democrats, persistent despite the lack of any hard evidence, that Trump and his campaign colluded with Vladimir Putin’s Russia and “hacked the campaign.” The implication is that a Trump–Putin conspiracy stole the election and that Trump is not a legitimate president. Some leftist bloggers and Democratic voters believe that this will soon lead to Trump’s impeachment and removal and, somehow, the installation of Hillary Clinton.
Trump’s praise of Putin and bizarre refusal to criticize him during the campaign provided a basis for suspicion. So did the client lists of some of Trump’s temporary campaign aides. This was no secret to voters; Clinton raised these issues in the second and third presidential debates last fall.
This may amount to political malpractice, but it doesn’t amount to collusion. Neither do the communications of Michael Flynn with the Russian ambassador, the ones that got him fired as national-security adviser because he lied about them to Mike Pence.
Flynn’s communications were apparently picked up by legal surveillance of the Russian ambassador, and his name was “incidentally collected” and then “unmasked” — i.e., revealed — by intelligence personnel on their own initiative or in response to a request from an Obama national-security official. “Unmasking” is unusual and done ordinarily only for an intelligence reason.
Bloomberg’s Eli Lake reported April 3 that Obama’s last national-security adviser, Susan Rice, requested the unmasking of numerous Americans “on dozens of occasions.” On MSNBC, she admitted that, but she denied doing so for any “political purposes” and denied leaking any information. But an Obama-administration order entered in January making such information available to 16 intelligence agencies enabled many others to do so.
Was the Obama administration using intelligence-surveillance information for political reasons? It certainly looks like it. Rice’s credibility is less than sterling. She went on five Sunday shows in September 2012 to claim that the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were sparked by an anti-Islam video, and in June 2014, she said deserter Bowe Bergdahl served “with honor and distinction.” Obama’s desire to name her secretary of state was scuttled in December 2012 by objections from multiple quarters.
Neither the FBI nor the congressional intelligence committees’ investigations have produced evidence of Trump-team collusion with Russia. But there’s strong evidence the Obama administration did what Democratic senator Ron Wyden has warned against: use intelligence surveillance to discredit political opponents.
In office, Trump has not pursued Russia-friendly policies as Clinton warned he might and Obama officials may have feared. His relevant appointees — Rex Tillerson, James Mattis, H. R. McMaster, and Fiona Hill — have taken a tough line on Russia and Putin. Democrats’ mistrust has, at least so far, proved unjustified. He has behaved more like a conventional Republican than he has some reincarnation of Hitler or Mussolini.
Mistrust that leads to abandonment of the rule of law and misuse of intelligence information is corrosive and invites retaliation in kind. Maybe it’s time to focus on what the legitimately elected president is doing rather than his more outlandish campaign rhetoric.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
According to an op-ed by a University of Texas–Austin student, modern veganism is too focused on rich, white-people vegans, and it needs to become more intersectional and inclusive.
In an article titled “Vegans must feed everyone, not just wealthy white people,” Audrey Larcher opens by explaining that the modern image of a vegan is “some hipster” who is “probably slender” and “definitely white” — and that’s a major, major problem.
“The caricature is indicative of underlying problems in the vegan community,” Larcher continues. “White veganism — which refers to the dominant cruelty-free culture of wealth, privilege and exclusivity — is not an option for most people.”
“If vegans want to promote sustainable and compassionate diets for the world, their communities must be intersectional,” she continues.
For example, Larcher explains that people from many other cultures — namely Indian, Ethiopian, and East Asian cultures — have a lot of dishes that are plant-based or don’t use dairy, and it’s a big problem that white vegans never talk about these cultures or their plant-based foods.
“Instead of promoting the foods of foreign cultures, vegans go great lengths to reinvent traditional foods which rely on animal products to taste good,” she explains.
According to Larcher, things like the vegan imitation-cheese industry are problematic because a lot of their products and the grocery stores that sell them are expensive, and that’s an example of “cultural exclusivity.”
Being a white, American imitation-cheese-eating vegan definitely is a certain culture (I almost left it at “cult”) of its own, and one that certainly is available only to people with a certain means. But everything in the world is like that. For example, rich people also pay a ton of money to take spin classes at SoulCycle instead of just going for a run, and that, too is a culture (cult!) of its own. Take any diet or interest in the world, and there is automatically going to be some sort of high-end, snobby version of it where the prices are high just because there are wealthy people out there who will pay them (and then talk with their wealthy friends about how, like, amazing their $34 candlelit spin class was and that they totally needed to go because they ate way too many $24 zucchini-and-cashew-cheese enchiladas at Candle 79 before seeing Hamilton for the fourth time on Friday night.)
Yes, of course this life isn’t available to everyone. It isn’t available to me. But that doesn’t mean that not eating meat and cheese isn’t available. The truth is, plenty of vegan staples — beans, nuts, rice, and even produce — are very affordable. Maybe she’s saying that there just isn’t enough information out there for people who are dying to be vegan but think they can’t afford it? Because if you Google “vegan on a budget,” you’ll get more than 42 million results. Perhaps — just perhaps! — the main reason that more people aren’t vegan is because they just don’t want to be vegan.
But, according to Larcher, the “cultural exclusivity” thing is “only the tip of an insensitive iceberg.”
“Most vegan communities offer no sympathy to victims of racism, appropriating minorities’ struggles to advance their own cause,” she explains, linking to a tweet from a popular vegan account that reads: “Black lives matter . . . more than Chickens or Cows lives . . . apparently.”
Of course, Larcher is correct in calling this “insensitive.” It’s true, people who are vegans due to radical animal-rights beliefs think that it’s unfair that a human-centric movement like Black Lives Matter gets more attention than their chicken-and-cow-centric movement, because they think that human suffering and animal suffering are the same. Yes, I understand that their logic dictates that they would say this about any popular human-centric movement, but still, talking about black lives in this way is obviously offensive. And there really is no image more vomit-inducing than a rich, white, hipster vegan tweeting little jabs at Black Lives Matter while he strolls through the farmer’s market on his iPhone.
According to Larcher, this kind of rhetoric can “alienate potential vegans,” and it shows a need for all vegans to unite behind a sensitive message in order to recruit more people. Now, just like I’m not sure how many people are being turned off of veganism by cashew cheese prices, I’m also sure how many are being turned off by the radical animal-rights rhetoric, but in a sense, she’s right. Seeing something so inflammatory attributed to the movement certainly does show that the movement could benefit from avoiding that, getting together, and rallying around something more sensitive — but it also shows why that’s going to be impossible.
Clearly, things like that Black Lives Matter tweet don’t represent all vegans — but the truth is, nothing really does. People are vegan for so many different reasons. Some people are vegan for health benefits, some people are vegan because they heard both Miley Cyrus and her pig are vegan, some people are vegan because their rich friends are vegan, and some people are vegan because they think that chickens are slaves. It’s going to be impossible for a group where some people are participating because they just think it’s healthier — but don’t think that animals are the same as people — and some people are participating because they don’t care if it’s healthier — they just do think animals are the same as people — to have a united voice. Think about it: A person who really believes that chickens are slaves is not going to just chill out and stop talking about it, because they believe that chickens are slaves. And a person who eats a plant-based diet because she thinks it helps with her acne or whatever is not going to declare solidarity with a person who thinks chickens are slaves because that person believes that chickens are slaves.
An anti-chicken-slavery advocate just isn’t going to be able to fit into a group if its criteria demands that he stop talking about chicken like they’re enslaved. Despite Larcher’s best efforts and op-eds, it’s going to be impossible to have any kind of “united” voice for a movement when the movement has so many different and passionate sects — especially considering that the only thing harder than getting a chicken-slave advocate to shut up about speciesism is getting a Whole Foods–advocate to shut up about how their vegan coconut “bacon” tastes just like the real thing.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Yesterday, President Trump put Assad on notice.
Facing Assad’s latest chemical atrocity, Trump’s anger was visible. There was an unusually somber quality to the president at his press conference with King Abdullah of Jordan. Referencing other recent chemical attacks, Trump showed his understanding that Assad has no regard for innocent life.
And Trump will be aware that he must now respond to Assad. If he does not, the binding of his powerful words with practiced impotence will fray his credibility. This will become Obama red lines part deux.
Still, whatever he does, Trump’s response must satisfy two criteria. First, it must be overt and significant. Unless Assad and the world recognize America’s response, its strategic import will be limited. Trump must show he means business. Second, the action must serve a broader strategy in Syria. It must be more than a shot in the dark to sate emotional needs.
From my perspective, three options meet these demands.
Air Strikes on Syrian-Regime Targets
	The Syrian government has delineated military and intelligence offices that could be targeted with marginal risk to civilians. Regardless, the top officers in Assad’s inner circle are complicit in his murder. Since the civil war began in 2011, many have been promoted for a simple reason: They have shown skill in torturing and killing their fellow citizens. U.S. and allied intelligence services also closely monitor Assad’s chemical (especially nerve-agent) stockpiles and forces. For the U.S., alongside the British and French air forces, to hit these would send a clear message to the regime.
Pursuant to broader strategy, it would also introduce a new calculus for Assad’s overlord, Vladimir Putin. In short, the Russian president would realize that Trump’s Syria negotiating strategy has hard contours. This understanding is crucial. John Kerry’s merry-go-round waltzes with Lavrov prove what happens when Russia believes that the U.S. is irresolute. The Russians strangle the initiative in Assad’s favor.
Yes, Assad may try to counter-pressure the United States either via Iranian proxies or Russian harassing actions in northern Syria. If he is truly stupid he may use his own forces to that end. But Trump has insulation in his unpredictability and his greater power. U.S. military forces have the capacity (recently reinforced) in both Iraq and Syria to contest these threats.
Moreover, the strategic calculus of both Russia and Iran is ultimately rational. If the U.S. is willing to leverage influence in Syria, they will come to the table ready to compromise.
Introduce New Sanctions on Putin and Demand Assad’s Removal
	I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. The Syrian civil war won’t end until Assad goes. Those who present Assad as a necessary bulwark against ISIS are deluded. They ignore the second-order effects of Assad’s bloodletting of Sunnis: fueling ISIS recruitment and escalated support for Salafi-terrorist groups by the Sunni monarchies.
But it’s equally important here that Putin understand that Assad is a difficulty rather than a utility. Sanctions on Russian finance in Europe would be a good escalation toward that end. And Theresa May’s British government might support such action (London is the global playground for Russian funny money). Of course, this depends on Trump’s willingness to aggravate Putin and oppose Russian money.Reinforce Rebel Supply Lines from Turkey to the Idlib Governate 
	Idlib province is now the last great bastion of the Sunni rebellion. As such, and as I predicted in December (point four), it was inevitable that the Assad axis would pummel Idlib’s civilian population. But if Trump really wants to bring Assad to kneel, and the Russians to serious negotiations, he must empower moderate rebels in Idlib.
Toward that end, he must influence President Erdogan of Turkey. Erdogan has qualified his support for the rebels under pressure from Putin, who has both posed threats to his government and by praised him for his coup-survival skills. And that’s a big problem. Idlib’s border with Turkey is the rebels’ priceless supply line. Fortunately, Trump has sticks and carrots with which to persuade Erdogan.
Additionally, Trump should authorize the deployment of anti-air (if user-specific safeguards are applied to prevent non-U.S.-aligned groups from using them) and greater anti-armor capabilities to U.S.-aligned rebel formations in Idlib. This matters not just in empowering greater resistance against Assad but also in helping those groups counterbalance terrorist groups in the governate. At present, those terrorist groups, including Syria’s al-Qaeda affiliate, are dominating the anti-Assad effort. That success sucks manpower, resources, and ideological moderation out of the rebellion.
All this said, I suspect that Trump has probably decided on a course of action. Likely the first one. America’s major Sunni partners have been visiting Washington in recent days. The Saudis, Egyptians, and Jordanians will all have told Trump that Assad is incompatible with an end to the Syrian civil war. And King Abdullah of Jordan would have told Trump of the millions of Syrian refugees now living in his nation. More important, Defense Secretary Mattis believes in overt U.S. leadership in the Middle East. And Trump likes Mattis.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. Email him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Following allegations of impropriety over the handling of a controversial climate change report, a government watchdog group now wants to know whether there was any collaboration between the report’s lead author and a key Obama adviser. On March 27, Judicial Watch filed a lawsuit seeking “all records of communications between a pair of federal scientists who heavily influenced the Obama administration’s climate change policy and its backing of the Paris Agreement.”
The FOIA specifically requests correspondence between Tom Karl, the former head of the climate-data program at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and John Holdren, the director of Obama’s Office of Science and Technology Policy. Holdren is from that species of Baby Boomer global catastrophists who make changing predictions each decade about how we will all die. He also happens to be the science guy who had the president’s ear for eight years.
Holdren’s buddy, Tom Karl, authored a report in 2015 attempting to disprove the hiatus in global warming that had been widely acknowledged by many scientific groups, including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The warming pause threatened to undermine the justification for a costly climate-change pact that was being negotiated at the time: How could world leaders commit trillions in tax dollars to stop global warming if it wasn’t actually happening?
Karl’s report came to the rescue just months before the Paris Climate Conference. In announcing his findings, Karl said the “new analysis suggests that the apparent hiatus may have been largely the result of limitations in past datasets, and that the rate of warming over the first 15 years of this century has, in fact, been as fast or faster than that seen over the last half of the 20th century.” How convenient. His analysis was eagerly accepted by the international science community, but others were leery about its timing; the House Science Committee has been leading an inquiry into the report for nearly two years.
But a retired top official at NOAA has now confirmed suspicions about the veracity of Karl’s research and about whether politics — not science — were at play. In February, John Bates, the former head of NOAA’s climate-data archive, wrote a lengthy exposé detailing misconduct at NOAA related to the report. The allegations included using inappropriately “corrected” datasets, violating agency protocol on data review, and failing to archive the data. In the most damning allegation, Bates said: “In every aspect of the preparation and release of the datasets . . . we find Tom Karl’s thumb on the scale pushing for, and often insisting on, decisions that maximize warming and minimize documentation.” (You can read more about Bates’s allegations here and a subsequent smear campaign by the scientific establishment here.)
“It was more of a political document than a scientific document,” Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, told me. “People need to know how the [climate] alarmists have taken over agencies like NOAA and NASA. This is about trying to get the truth out.” Judicial Watch also filed a separate lawsuit against NOAA in 2015 attempting to get the datasets used in Karl’s paper.
There’s plenty of reason to suspect collaboration between Karl and Holdren. Both are professionally invested in anthropogenic global warming and have advanced their careers promoting a catastrophic view of humanity’s fate due to our carbon-fueled rape of Mother Nature. In 2010, Holdren appointed Karl to serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on Global Change Research, which oversees how 13 federal agencies “advance climate science and improve the understanding of how global change is impacting society, both today and into the future.” In a review for Karl’s 2009 book, Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States, Holdren says he hopes the book will “make people think about specific legislative proposals, and the need to move ahead, after many years of dithering and delay.” (In his book, Karl states: “Observations show the warming of the planet is unequivocal. . . . Warming over this century is projected to be considerably greater than the last century.”)
Both Karl and Holdren understood the stakes of the Paris climate conference, a last-ditch effort to force world leaders to impose drastic measures that would allegedly ease climate change. In an interview with National Geographic while attending the event, Holdren said the climate pact was needed because “it is urgent that the nations of the world act now, both to reduce their emissions and to increase their preparedness and resilience against ongoing climate change.” He believes that the world should be completely decarbonized by the end of the century, a wholly ridiculous, untenable, and pointless idea. But then again, this is the same guy who thought we would all be dead by the start of the 21st century because of one ecocatastrophe or another. When we managed to survive, he said carbon-induced famine would kill 1 billion people by 2020. (I guess it would no fun to calculate how many billions of people are fed every day thanks to carbon.)
It might take months or even years, according to Fitton, to find out whether Karl and Holdren colluded to push a dubious but favorable climate report before the Paris confab: “It depends on how fast the administration can turn it around. The default position of the bureaucracy is always secrecy.” Regardless, Fitton said, the climate-change movement is suffering from serious problems. “They’ve lost their credibility. The public is starting to see this as a scam. That’s why the language of the climate alarmists has been intensified.” I’ll bet career suicide was never in the mix of catastrophic ends for the climate movement.
— Julie Kelly is a writer in Orland Park, Ill.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Why do we write laws down?
It sounds like a question that ought to have an obvious answer, but it isn’t. The fight over the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is one reminder of that.
So is the recently concluded season of The Walking Dead. More about that in a bit.
Much of the fight over Gorsuch is tit-for-tat: Republicans stopped Merrick Garland from ascending to the Supreme Court, and now Democrats feel the need to take a scalp of their own. Fair enough, but consider that Mitch McConnell torpedoed Garland in no small part as a response to Barack Obama’s maximalist interpretation of presidential powers, which he sought to use to diminish the role of Congress and to aggrandize the power of the executive. The Garland nomination presented McConnell et al. with an opportunity to push back against the imperial presidency in a way that proved delightfully painful and humiliating to the incumbent. The president is not the only man in Washington who can push things to the limit.
But there is a broader debate — occasionally, even an honest one — about what we sometimes call “judicial philosophy.” Gorsuch, we are told, is a “conservative,” and he may even be an “archconservative” in the mold of the late Antonin Scalia. Heavens.
Scalia’s “judicial philosophy,” however, was more of an anti-philosophy: His position was that the duty of judges is to determine what it is that the law actually says — irrespective of the judge’s feeling about it, irrespective of his own sense of justice, and, indeed, irrespective of whether the law is good or just or intelligent. Scalia’s anti-philosophy sometimes confused his critics on the left, because it led to decisions that were pleasing to flag-burners and displeasing to police and prosecutors. Scalia wanted flag-burning to be outlawed: “I would send that guy to jail so fast if I were king,” he said of the defendant in Texas v. Johnson, the famous 1989 case arising from protests at the Republican National Convention. But flag-burning wasn’t outlawed: It was — and is — in fact protected by the First Amendment. Robert J. Smith remarked in Slate that progressives were pleased by “his surprising support of criminal defendants,” but Scalia did not support criminal defendants and his positions were not surprising: The law supported criminal defendants in those cases, and Scalia spent his entire career arguing that the role of judges is to hew to the law.
It is surprising only if you believe that judges should be guided by something other than the law, as so many of our so-called liberals do. Barack Obama argued that judges should be guided by “empathy” — which does not actually exist — and that they should take into account whether someone pleading a case is “a teenage mom” or “poor, or African-American, or gay, or disabled, or old.” The classical proverb describing equality under the law is that “the law is no respecter of persons.” President Obama explicitly rejected this, as does Sonia Sotomayor, who believes that the law might mean one thing if a white man is the judge and something else if “a wise Latina” is the judge. That is not the rule of law at all, but the rule of tribe.
Gorsuch was asked a great many stupid questions during the course of his confirmation hearings, often questions intended to suggest that he favors the wealthy and the powerful over — inevitable and beef-witted expression — “the little guy.” Sometimes the little guy has the better case, and sometimes the little guy is a jerk who deserves to get the pants sued off him. Sometimes the law is very helpful to powerful individuals and organizations (see General Electric’s tax history) and sometimes the law is harder on the high and mighty (e.g., libel cases). But the law says what it says.
Some people find this irritating, because adherence to the letter of the law often gets in the way of the pursuit of justice, and changing the law can be difficult, especially if the law you are talking about is the Constitution. Again, our lack of real political education — of education in citizenship — here imposes real costs. There are questions of specific justice and there are questions of general justice. “Hard cases make bad law,” the judicial scholars say, and we have invented a phrase and a concept — “legal technicality” — to help us finesse that away. (You know what the technical legal term for “legal technicality” is? The law.) Sometimes we are obliged to throw out a case against an obviously guilty man because police or prosecutors broke the law in the course of trying to bring him to justice. Sometimes a sympathetic victim fails to win a lawsuit against a rich and powerful opponent who did something that was obviously wrong but not illegal. The entire rhetoric of the “living Constitution” is simply a way to intellectually whitewash the fact that there are those among us who desire to simply throw the law out when the law does not produce the results they desire.
But the rule of law is not about individual outcomes. It is about process. We have process because we do not agree about outcomes — which is to say, we have the law because we do not agree about justice.
And that is why we write the damned things down.
We have been recording and making public our laws since at least the time of Hammurabi because questions of justice are not always self-evident and because the parties involved in any dispute are unlikely to be objective adjudicators. We agree to live by a set of imperfect rules and processes, even when those produce undesirable and even unjust outcomes, because experience has taught us what the alternative is. This is not quite the Hobbesian case for an absolute state: Unlike Leviathan, the law is in the end answerable to those it serves. We can change it through the legislative process, which we can shape through the democratic process. To say the monarch’s word is law is to create a particular form of government with a particular character; to insist that the law’s word is law is only a redundancy.
What our ancestors found is that pursuing justice without the rule of law is futile. Tribe, self-interest, scarcity, circumstance, passion, greed, lust — something always gets in the way. Philosopher-kings are scarce on the ground.
If you’d like to see what pursuing justice without law looks like, consider the case of Rick Grimes.
The Walking Dead is about a great many things — not the least of them a zombie apocalypse in which no one ever says the word “zombie” — but it is mainly about the search for security, which is another way of saying the search for order. Our plucky band of mostly decent and largely like-minded survivors is led by a police officer, Sheriff Grimes, who is gradually transformed by circumstances from a lawman to a warlord. There is a short-lived experiment with democracy and a temporary retreat into a kind of agrarian commune, but in a world in which none of the institutions of liberty survive — no courts, no police, no lawyers (who ever thought we’d miss them so much?), no state, no process — strong-man rule is all but inevitable.
One of the amusing aspects of the series is Grimes’s group’s rationalizing their adoption of practically every horror they encounter: They all agree that using zombies as anti-personnel weapons is the lowest thing imaginable when one of their early antagonists does so, but about five minutes later they have decided to do it themselves. Faced with new and worse enemies, the Saviors, who rely on their superior numbers and advantage in matériel to simply take what they want from less powerful groups, Rick’s group . . . relies on its superior numbers and advantage in matériel to simply take what it wants from another, less-powerful group — a group of already victimized women and children who will consequently be left defenseless. Their reasoning is that doing so is necessary to fight the Saviors, who make much the same argument for their own brutality: The order it imposes is necessary to fight the zombies and the anarchy they brought with them.
The Saviors are the opposite of the post-apocalyptic anarchists of The Road Warrior or similar dystopian fictions. They are very rule-oriented — brutally so, in fact: Their leader, Negan, summarily executes a man for the crime of intending to rape a female prisoner. The Saviors have a complex system of economic exchange characterized by a points scheme that rewards labor and enterprise while rationing scarce resources — the basics of a free-market economy. But rules are not the law. The Saviors have no process, no legal institutions, no Bill of Rights, and no written law. Negan understands his mission in life to be restoring order to the world (a different kind of order than the one that prevailed before the plague), but without the rule of law he brings only what another character accurately describes as “capricious malevolence.”
Rick Grimes began his own odyssey wearing his sheriff’s uniform — he even found uniforms for deputies at one point. With his badge and his gun and his sheriff’s hat, he was the only reminder of the rule of law. But the thing about the rule of law is: It cannot be sustained by one man. It requires institutions and civil society, secure property rights, and much else, none of which exists in the world of The Walking Dead. And so the badge and the uniform eventually went away as Rick and his group learned to countenance, and even to embrace, everything they once believed to be inhuman — up to and including the preemptive murder of a child and executing sick people as a necessary public-hygiene measure. The survivors — the good guys — go from trying to cling to some form of democracy while defending themselves from sundry assailants to organizing unprovoked raids on peaceable neighboring communities. Rick’s sheriff’s hat becomes a ceremonial crown, passed along in the ancient fashion to his son and presumptive heir.
In the real world, we do not have zombies threatening our institutions and the cherished liberties they protect. We have the students of Middlebury College.
Bad enough.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Hopes that the Trump administration will designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization have hit rough waters, with anonymous officials citing concerns about diplomatic blowback and frayed relationships with Muslims at home and abroad. The leaks come on the eve of a historic visit to Washington by Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, a key Arab ally and devoted Muslim who is locked in a life-or-death struggle with the Brotherhood.
The irony is hard to miss, particularly given that Egypt and several other Arab countries have already designated the Brotherhood a terrorist organization.
Whatever the truth behind the leaks, they underscore that the inside-the-Beltway conventional wisdom — that the Brotherhood is “moderate” and so popular that designation would be seen as “a declaration of war against . . . Islam itself” — will not die as easily as many hoped.
This thinking is rooted in a failure to understand the difference between Islamists — a sizable but distinct minority of Muslims who adhere to a totalitarian religious ideology — and the moderate majority of Muslims, who are our friends and allies. President el-Sisi, who has publicly called out extremism to clerics in Egypt, understands this. After all, Egypt is not the only state in which the Brotherhood engaged in attempts to kill its way to power. It did the same in Syria in the early 1980s.
Despite the Brotherhood’s long history of bloodshed, claims that it is “moderate,” or opposes violence, are still prominent. While above-ground Brotherhood organizations use peaceful means when effective, they are “prepared to countenance violence . . . where gradualism is ineffective,” as a 2015 report by the British government noted with significant understatement.
Claims that designation will complicate U.S. relationships with certain Arab allies are overblown. While it is true that some allies, such as Jordan, have Muslim Brotherhood–affiliated parties represented in their parliaments, this is easy enough to finesse. Members of Hezbollah, a U.S.-designated terrorist organization, have long served in Lebanon’s parliament, but American diplomats manage to avoid contact with them and still do business with the Lebanese.
Moreover, failure to designate the Brotherhood complicates some alliances. The Egyptian public has grown deeply suspicious of the U.S. government precisely because under Obama the U.S. came to be seen as overly sympathetic to the Brotherhood. When Senator Ted Cruz introduced the Muslim Brotherhood Terror Designation Act, many Egyptians saw it as a sign the U.S. may be waking from its long slumber. A tweet introducing the bill was the subject of a segment by popular Egyptian talk-show host Amr Adib and was retweeted 17,000+ times.
Domestically, in the wake of Trump’s admittedly troubling comments suggesting a “Muslim ban” during his presidential campaign last year, some fear that designation will fuel anti-Muslim bigotry and pave the way for “a legal assault on the institutions of American Muslim life.” After all, several organizations claiming to represent U.S. Muslims, particularly the Council on American–Islamic Relations (CAIR), have deep Muslim Brotherhood ties.
But groups such as CAIR are hardly “institutions of American Muslim life” — they’re just pretending to be. A 2011 Gallup poll found support for CAIR among U.S. Muslims to be just under 12 percent. Britain’s inquiry into the Brotherhood found that its activists in the U.K. “appear to be unable to generate any grassroots support.”
Frankly, however, if public support for CAIR were higher, that would be all the more reason to be concerned. Notwithstanding its carefully crafted public image, CAIR was named an unindicted co-conspirator in the 2007–09 Holy Land Foundation terror-finance case, and was blacklisted by the FBI as a result. Unfortunately, the Obama administration failed to aggressively continue an FBI investigation into CAIR after it conspired to fund terrorist-designated organization Hamas, the Palestinian wing of the Muslim Brotherhood. Indeed, the United Arab Emirates has declared CAIR itself a terrorist organization.
Trump’s rhetorical excesses cannot be understood without recalling the Obama administration’s refusal to name the problem. Using euphemisms such as “violent extremism” and feigning puzzlement as to the motives of obvious jihadists made the administration’s rhetoric concerning terrorism a national joke. In both the U.S. and Europe, when elites insist that voters must believe them, rather than their own “lying eyes,” the voters turn sharply in the opposite direction. The cure for Trump’s rhetorical excesses is increased security, not denial.
Trump laid out a number of smart proposals on radical Islam during his campaign. His administration should now use President el-Sisi’s visit to move forward with these ideas. In particular, it should follow up designation of the Brotherhood with the formation of a congressionally authorized commission on radical Islam tasked with developing a strategy for winning the war against Islamic extremists and explaining the threat of Islamism to the American people. Both are badly needed. Wrongheaded conventional wisdom won’t keep Americans, or our Muslim allies, safe.
— Clifford Smith is the Washington project director for the Middle East Forum.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
You see a pair of laughing eyes,
and suddenly you’re sighing sighs.
You’re thinking nothing’s wrong,
you string along, boy, then snap.
Those eyes, those sighs,
they’re part of the tender trap.
— “The Tender Trap,” sung by Frank Sinatra, written by Jimmy Van Heusen and Sammy Cahn
 
You can bet that Ol’ Blue Eyes, with his fedora set at a rakish angle, coat slung casually over his shoulder, and a world-weary air, never saw this one coming. The very concept of male and female seems to be evaporating before our eyes as the nation suffers a collective trauma over the issue of gender identity. On a daily, if not hourly, basis, the media and various activist groups bombard Americans with stories insisting that the ability to choose and pursue a gender of one’s choice has become the basic challenge of modern life. We are told that the constitutional right to such a choice is the civil-rights imperative of our time. We are lectured that the protection of such a choice has become an essential duty of the federal government.
At a moment of death-spiraling health-insurance coverage, economic stagnation, looming Supreme Court choices, populist revolt against globalism, Great Power tension over trade and territory, and the jihadist threat to the United States and Western civilization, the sober-minded observer might be forgiven for paying little heed to the gender tempest in a teapot. But the new drive to promote “gender fluidity,” in fact, presents an existential challenge to traditional social norms and values. Moreover, even though the notion of self-chosen gender has won much support from a political, media, and educational establishment, it is profoundly flawed.
The campaign promoting gender fluidity and disparaging old-fogey categories of male and female has produced a flurry of controversies unimaginable even a few years ago. The “bathroom wars” have erupted throughout the country over whether transgender individuals must use facilities matching their biological sex or those matching their chosen gender identity. In Texas, a transgender wrestler — born a girl, now identifying as a boy and bulked up from testosterone treatments — won the state girl’s wrestling championship after crushing (non-testosterone-fueled) female opponents in a 54–0 season. The pronoun wars have exploded at colleges and universities as gender radicals have established Mao-like reeducation programs that instruct students on the oppressiveness of the him/her, he/she binary and pressure them to use “xe,” “ze,” or “hir” for those who identify as transgender, bisexual, gay, or any other gender variant.
Indeed, the span of identities among gender nonconformists has become nearly intergalactic. At one end stands the “asexual” or “agender” movement, whose members claim they feel no sexual attraction to anyone. At the other end of this Buzz Lightyear gender universe (“To infinity and beyond”) stand pangender people, who insist that any gender association is restricting: They identify as all genders at once and utilize the plural pronouns “they,” “them,” and “theirs” to capture their unbounded proclivities. As one pangender individual explained in a recent issue of the Columbia Missourian, “their” gender identity “depends on the day and the time.” Former Disney Channel child star, and now singer, Miley Cyrus, in confessing her own pansexuality, declared in 2015, “I am literally open to every single thing that is consenting and doesn’t involve an animal and everyone is of age.” In 2014, Facebook began offering users more than 50 choices — including androgynous, genderqueer, trigender, and two-spirit — to describe their identity in their profile. But after activists complained that the menu was suffocatingly insufficient, it added a freestyle option allowing users to express their unique gender identity using their own words “in an authentic way.”
In the face of this cultural onslaught, dumbfounded traditionalists have lined up in opposition. Such skepticism is well founded, given that the very concept of gender is fraught with problems and inconsistencies — even its most outspoken proponents disagree on fundamental matters of definition and human development. Moreover, the science on gender is all over the map. This has produced intellectual chaos rather than consensus, a fact that has not stopped politically correct activists —the Democratic party, agencies of the federal government, major media outlets, the academy — from endorsing gender radicalism without qualification. For those still devoted to the examination of evidence, however, a close look at the current gender concept reveals it to be more of a trap than a guiding light.
At first glance, things seem clear-cut. Anyone who takes a class at a high school, college, or university even touching upon this subject immediately hears the authoritative assertion: Sex is biological, but gender is a cultural construction. While biology provides human beings basic sexual equipment, the understanding of what that leads to or what it allows the individual to do is a matter of values. Gender is learned; the idea of a man or a woman is not biologically inherent but the result of what our culture deems appropriate.
This formulation appeared originally in feminist theory, and its sacred text is Simone de Beauvoir’s famous declaration in The Second Sex: “One is not born, but rather becomes, woman” (“On ne naît pas femme, on le devient”). But as this fairly commonsense notion has been extended outward in ever wider circles, it has become steadily more extreme. Many cultural radicals now insist that gender is solely a matter of “identifying,” meaning that we are completely free to choose a gender from a smorgasbord of choices. People can be whatever gender they so desire or imagine merely by saying so.
But here things get sticky. Many other activists, especially those pursuing legal and policy changes, root their efforts in an assertion of the biological, inherent quality of gender. Their usual formulation is that transgender, pangender, or any-kind-of-gender individuals have been that way since childhood, and they cannot deny their essential nature. When the Obama Department of Justice brought a lawsuit challenging North Carolina’s “bathroom bill,” for example, it declared that “biological factors, most notably sexual differentiation in the brain, have a role in gender identity development.” Justice Anthony Kennedy, in writing the majority Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage in 2015, similarly proclaimed the “immutable nature” of the petitioners’ sexual orientation as a basis for his conclusion. CBS news, in a 2014 broadcast on its Sunday Morning program, presented “Born this Way: Stories of Young Transgender Children.” The problem, of course, is that the notion of biological, immutable gender is precisely what radical “identifiers” reject.
Science, supposedly the ultimate court of appeal in progressive culture, might seem to offer clarification of this conundrum. But it does not. The science of gender is a scramble of competing claims, with advocates presenting a range of possible explanations and few clear-cut conclusions. Some scientists have postulated a genetic cause for gender nonconformity, while a different school focuses on variations in hormones released in the womb. Advocates of “brainsex” believe that neurological wiring provides the basis of gender identity. Some researchers have pointed to autism, noting that a significant number of children who appear gender-nonconforming are within the autism spectrum. Finally, many psychologists see gender confusion as a species of emotional disturbance. They contend, for instance, that gender nonconformity among teens and twentysomethings is often simply another expression of confusion, rebellion, and alienation common to that age cohort. A February 2015 review of scholarly work, in the journal Endocrine Practice, concluded that “although the mechanisms remain to be determined, there is strong support in the literature for a biological basis of gender identity.” Yet a 2016 literature review in the Fall 2016 issue of The New Atlantis reached the opposite conclusion: “The hypothesis that gender identity is an innate, fixed property of human beings that is independent of biological sex . . . is not supported by scientific evidence.” The world of gender science, in other words, is uncertain at best and contradictory at worst.
Such confusion, not surprisingly, has helped produce deep fault lines among gender activists. On the one hand, many emphatically reject a biological paradigm. Instead, they insist that social conditioning overwhelms any physical factors and that gender identity is ultimately a matter of choice. Cordelia Fine, for instance, offers a version of this argument in Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference (2010). Mocking the idea of a male or female brain — pondering whether there might be, for instance, a male or female gallbladder — she strenuously maintains that gendered traits and impulses are learned behaviors.
On the other hand, significant numbers of gender radicals, particularly certain radical feminists, insist that gender is linked to biological sex. They contend, for instance, that individuals who transition from men to women are appropriating female experience without a right to do so. In Gender Hurts: A Feminist Analysis of the Politics of Transgenderism (2014), Sheila Jeffreys argues that the historical subjugation of women has been based on their sexuality and that transgenderism is a kind of fraud. She describes gender-reassignment surgery as mutilation and suggests that men desiring to be women are an example of “autogynephilia,” or male sexual arousal at the thought of being female.
Things can get ugly between the gender essentialists and the gender culturalists. The founders of “Michfest” for example, a week-long gathering of feminists held in Michigan every August from 1976 to 2015, had originally intended the festival to be for “womyn-born womyn,” though this was never the group’s formal policy. Transgender activists grew so outraged that at one point they cut water pipes into the festival, keyed cars in the parking lot, announced a boycott of any musical acts performing, and spray-painted a six-foot penis on the side of the Michfest kitchen tent, next to the words “Real Women Have Dicks.”
Given such cacophonous divisions among gender radicals, what holds their movement together? A handful of individuals, to be sure, suffer from various biological “intersex” conditions that leave them poised uneasily between the female and male body. But for the vast majority of gender activists, it seems clear that ideology drives this project. In some cases, it is a reflection, whether conscious or unwitting, of the pervasive culture of self-fulfillment in modern America, which has contended for decades that human happiness stems from fulfilling desires and satiating appetites, not repressing them. In other cases, gender radicalism reflects identity politics run amok — it’s only the latest entry in the victimization sweepstakes sponsored by the modern American left. For still other activists, it is the culmination of a crusade for sexual liberation that has taken direct aim at bourgeois civilization. This campaign began in the early decades of the 20th century, when interpreters of Freud such as Wilhelm Reich, Norman O. Brown, and Herbert Marcuse advocated the liberation of desire as a weapon against the bourgeois repression of the capitalist system. Much of the sexual revolution in postwar America, and the full-frontal assault on sexual restraint in the late 1960s and 1970s, carried the crusade forward.
Now these various ideological impulses have converged. Whether identifying supposed transgender longing in grade-schoolers, or inventing pronouns for those claiming fluid sexual identities, or denouncing the emotional repression of all sexual categories, gender radicals seek to undermine the emotional self-discipline and the loyalty to marriage and the family that have served as key foundations of modern Western society. They envision a cultural Armageddon that would obliterate any remaining restraints on human sexuality. It would be the final battle in a war between defenders of traditional values and cultural insurgents who wish to “liberate” individuals from all bourgeois restraint so that they may achieve self-realization.
“Why does it matter if gender is the product of biology or culture?” progressives might ask. “Can’t we just accept a person’s claim of gender identity for whatever reason and accord everyone their legal rights?” Here is a tempting, but ultimately dangerous solution in this high-stakes cultural contest. It creates two enormous problems.
First, if there are no standards or limitations regarding gender identity, we face a slippery-slope future of moral anarchy. Where does it stop? Cross-dressing students and teachers in middle schools? Insurance coverage for people in a group marriage? Legal protections for necrophiliacs? These may seem extreme, but who could have envisioned a few years ago that individuals with penises would be using women’s bathrooms and showering in girls’ locker rooms? Or human chameleons changing their gender according to the day or the hour? Or a transgender young woman juiced up on testosterone wrestling — and soundly beating — other female athletes?
Second, while the live-and-let-live solution might be suitable for the private realm, when transported into the public arena, it poses a threat of institutional and cultural anarchy. What one does in the privacy of the bedroom regarding gender identity, sexual attractions, physical appearance, and erotic fantasies is one’s own business as long as no laws are broken. But when the personal proclivities of a tiny minority are made a public issue, and the population as a whole is forced to confirm and normalize them, it rends the fabric of our society. For a civilization to survive, it must know what it thinks; it must have common standards and values and uphold them even as it protects dissent.
Edmund Burke once observed wisely that society is not a transitory creation of the moment but a long-evolving contract between “those who are living, those who are dead, and those who are to be born.” Responsible citizens, he continued, should stand in opposition to those who, enamored of “floating fancies or fashions” and “unmindful of what they have received from their ancestors or of what is due to their posterity, should act as if they were the entire masters.” Thus, a defense of male and female gender identity does not mean bullying, denigrating, or punishing those who remain at the margins. Sufferers from gender dysphoria are fellow citizens, and they deserve toleration and compassion as they struggle to find a find a refuge for their restless sexual spirits. A refusal to abandon gender norms is not a justification for bigotry. It is a desire to maintain social stability, cultural coherence, and genuine community connection.
Modern Americans confront a perplexing situation: Demands for legal and policy protections for gender nonconformists are multiplying when it is far from clear what gender even is. Yet gender activists seem unconcerned by the dilemma they have created: If we embrace a biological model of gender, the entire edifice of unrestrained, ever-changing gender fluidity comes crashing down; but if we embrace a cultural model of gender identity which (by its own insistence) is entirely separate from biology, then the notion of people “being that way since they were children” goes up in smoke. Which is it? It cannot be both. And it cannot be a matter of choosing whichever model is most convenient for the matter at hand. Here is a trap from which even the hardiest social-justice warrior might find escape impossible. And our national culture also will also be ensnared in this trap if we continue rushing headlong into a world of unbounded gender fluidity.
And all at once it’s not so nice,
as folks are ditching suits and rice.
You hurry to a spot that’s just a dot on the map.
You’re hooked, you’re cooked,
you’re caught in the gender trap.
— “The Gender Trap”
(with apologies to Sinatra, Van Heusen, and Cahn)
— Steven Watts is author of JFK and the Masculine Mystique: Sex and Power on the New Frontier (2016)
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On November 8, voters in the State of Washington approved Ballot Initiative 1501, the Seniors and Vulnerable Individuals’ Safety and Financial Crimes Prevention Act. At the time, the measure’s advocates argued that the measure would increase criminal penalties for targeting seniors and vulnerable individuals in acts of identity theft and consumer fraud, and prohibit the release of any public records that may facilitate such crimes. I-1501 passed by a large margin: Most Washingtonians did not oppose what seemed to be an honest effort by I-1501 proponents to close loopholes allowing identity theft.
As previously reported at National Review, however, I-1501 did not in fact seek to protect vulnerable individuals. Rather, it was a last-ditch effort by the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) to block the Freedom Foundation, a conservative think tank, from obtaining its membership list of home-care providers. In other words, I-1501 was a Trojan horse that relied on the ignorance of voters to amend the Public Records Act, and it worked.
On Wednesday, the Freedom Foundation filed a lawsuit against the State of Washington and requested a temporary restraining order to prevent I-1501 from being enforced until a judge decides whether I-1501 is constitutional.
The feud between the SEIU and the Freedom Foundation began when the Freedom Foundation strategically informed thousands of state-employed care-providers of their constitutional right — outlined in Harris v. Quinn, a 2014 U.S. Supreme Court case — to leave their union. First, the Freedom Foundation made public-records requests to obtain membership lists from union chapters. Then, it simply notified union members who had been left in the dark and explained that they could opt out of paying into a union. This basic formula resulted in SEIU 925, the local SEIU chapter representing family child-care providers, losing over 60 percent of its members.
“Providers often express gratitude to the Foundation for these communications,” the Freedom Foundation explained in its court filing, “because they learn, for the first time, that they have unwittingly paid Union dues for years.”
To avoid a similar fate, SEIU 775, the local SEIU chapter representing home-care providers, battled ruthlessly in court for over two years in order to prohibit the Freedom Foundation from obtaining its updated membership list. After the Freedom Foundation prevailed in court, the SEIU chose a different path to accomplish its objective: to help create and finance I-1501, a deceptive ballot initiative that amends the Public Records Act. The Freedom Foundation’s court filing revealed that SEIU 775 paid the law firm that wrote I-1501. And, as David Dewhirst, Freedom Foundation’s litigation counsel, tells National Review, “SEIU [chapters 775 and 925] financed 1501 at the tune of nearly $1.9 million.” A mere $50 of the $1.9 million was donated from a person or organization unaffiliated with the SEIU.
“If this law stands,” Dewhirst says, “thousands of providers will never learn their rights, never have the opportunity to democratically replace their unions, and free speech will become markedly less free in Washington State.”
“It was clearly an abuse of the ballot-initiative process,” Dewhirst adds. But rather than sue the SEIU for its wrongdoing, the Freedom Foundation is suing the State of Washington for enforcing a law that is unconstitutional.
The Freedom Foundation is arguing that I-1501 violates the First Amendment because it both constitutes viewpoint discrimination and is unconstitutionally broad. Per the organization, the initiative also violates the equal-protection clause of the 14th Amendment because it treats “similarly situated groups differently” and “interferes with plaintiffs’ fundamental rights.”
This lattermost point is key. In its motion for a temporary restraining order, the Freedom Foundation argues that since I-1501 treats union members and non-union members differently, it is nearly impossible for any non-union member to decertify and replace a union in power. In order to trigger an election that could decertify any union chapter in Washington, 30 percent of the providers in the state must call for an election. Indeed, two providers have attempted to decertify the SEIU, both of whom have joined the Freedom Foundation’s lawsuit, but they could not feasibly contact union members without a membership list. (Homecare providers are spread across the state and move frequently, so an updated membership list is the only way to contact union members.)
“One of the things that you hear from unions is that they are the embodiment of democratic principles,” Dewhirst says, highlighting the hypocrisy of the SEIU. “Government unions shouldn’t be allowed to buy laws that strengthen their monopoly power.”
It’s been nearly three years since the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in Harris v. Quinn, and yet states are still allowing unions to bully those who challenge their monopoly. If these same unions spent their time and money to adequately represent members rather than attempting to keep members ill-informed, it is likely that they wouldn’t have to bully the Freedom Foundation — or any group for that matter — at all.
— Austin Yack is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As late as earlier this week, some in the White House were saying that for the U.S. to pursue the ouster of Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad would be “silly.” But after President Donald Trump’s strong statement on Wednesday about Assad’s use of chemical weapons and U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley’s denunciation of both the Syrian government and its Russian enabler, the notion of American action — both diplomatic and possibly even military — directed against Assad can’t be considered so silly. Indeed, as the Trump foreign-policy team assesses its goals in the Middle East, reversing course on Syria may be the only way the president has of fulfilling his promise to defeat ISIS.
Those who cheered Trump’s determination to avoid foreign entanglements — especially ones rooted in humanitarian concerns — may be hoping that the administration’s most recent statements about Syria won’t be translated into action. Given Trump’s history of deprecating the Bush administration and his criticism of President Obama for even thinking about enforcing his “red line” threat to Assad that Trump now correctly sees as making his predecessor responsible for the mess he inherited, it is entirely possible that Trump will ultimately do nothing. But it’s also possible that this administration, like so many of its predecessors, is working its way toward inescapable conclusions about policy that contradict campaign rhetoric. Much as Trump would have liked to leave Assad in place, events may have made that impossible.
When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Ambassador Haley, and White House spokesman Sean Spicer were dismissing the idea of seeking Assad’s removal, they were merely acknowledging facts. Obama’s timidity combined with massive military intervention by Iran, Tehran’s Hezbollah auxiliaries, and, most importantly, Russia, meant the Damascus regime had largely won a civil war they were in danger of losing a few years ago. In 2013, when Obama stated that the use of chemical weapons by Assad meant crossing a “red line” the West would not ignore, the outcome of the war was still in doubt. While some rebel forces remain in the field, the dictator’s hold on power is no longer in question. The one truly potent threat is ISIS, which the Syrian government and its allies have largely left alone even as they have laid waste to any area where other dissidents have been located.
While Assad would like to reclaim all of his territory, ISIS, which still controls large stretches of both Syria and Iraq, has not been a priority. Assad and the Russians have been content to allow it to maintain its strength, since it has been a greater threat to the government of Iraq and its Western and Arab allies than to them. But his latest use of chemical weapons — which were supposed to have been collected by Russia, according to the face-saving agreement Obama concluded with Putin in order to justify his refusal to enforce his “red line” threat — has done more than generate international outrage.
The problem for Trump isn’t just that neither he nor the rest of his foreign-policy team are comfortable with maintaining silence about gas attacks on civilians or the fact that their Russian “friends” have no shame about providing diplomatic cover for Assad’s atrocities at the United Nations. It’s that they may be starting to realize that a tilt toward Russia may not be compatible with Trump’s promises of a successful war against the Islamic State.
The West rightly regards ISIS as a barbarous terror group that has inflicted countless atrocities on minority groups and political opponents in Syria and Iraq. But to Sunni Muslims in Syria, the Islamic State is the only force that is still effectively resisting the depredations of a Syrian government that many link to the Alawite minority. As much as both Obama and now Trump may have hoped that a war on ISIS could be prosecuted in cooperation with the Russian and Iranian forces helping Assad, the gas attack is a reminder that so long as Assad’s butchers are terrorizing and slaughtering civilians with impunity, ISIS will have the support of many Syrians.
This week’s reports of Assad’s depredations may be forcing the president to confront the basic contradictions at the heart of his approach to the region. Just as he must choose between a desire to get tough with an Iranian government that seeks regional hegemony and his desire to avoid confrontations with their Russian ally in Syria, so, too, must Trump come to grips with the fact that the military victory over ISIS he promised last year is incompatible with a policy of leaving Assad in place.
Rather than emulate Obama and sit back and let the Russians have their way in Syria, Trump must use all of the formidable resources at his disposal to get Moscow to rein in or abandon their client. As Senator Tom Cotton (R., Ark.) suggested on Wednesday, that might involve the use of covert action or military force against Assad. The motivation for Trump pressuring the Russians in this manner isn’t so much a justified outrage at what has happened in Syria as a realization that acquiescence to the current state of affairs is antithetical to U.S. security goals about terror that Trump should regard as more important than his pro-Russian tilt.
It is ironic that a president whose political success was in no small measure advanced by his stand against interventionism is now being forced to deal with the costs of a policy of appeasement of Russia that he advocated. But the world looks very different from the Oval Office. This wouldn’t be the first administration that was transformed by events that weren’t foreseen or properly understood before it took office. Should Trump hesitate to press the Russians or simply let this moment pass without U.S. action of some kind, that may be what some in his base want. But Bashar al-Assad’s deplorable actions may have brought some much-needed clarity to Trump’s otherwise muddled foreign-policy vision that will compel him to change his tune.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter at: @jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The most dangerous moments in foreign affairs often come after a major power seeks to reassert its lost deterrence.
The United States may be entering just such a perilous transitional period.
Rightly or wrongly, China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Middle East-based terrorists concluded after 2009 that the U.S. saw itself in decline and preferred a recession from world affairs.     
In that void, rival states were emboldened, assuming that America thought it could not — or should not — any longer exercise the sort of political and military leadership it had demonstrated in the past.
Enemies thought the U.S. was more focused on climate change, United Nations initiatives, resets, goodwill gestures to enemies such as Iran and Cuba, and soft-power race, class, and gender agendas than on protecting and upholding longtime U.S. alliances and global rules.
In reaction, North Korea increased its missile launches and loudly promised nuclear destruction of the West and its allies.
Russia violated its obligations under the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty and absorbed borderlands of former Soviet republics.
Iran harassed American ships in the Persian Gulf and issued serial threats against the U.S.
China built artificial island bases in the South China Sea to send a message about its imminent management of Asian commerce.
In Syria and Iraq, the Islamic State killed thousands in medieval fashion and sponsored terrorist attacks inside Western countries.
Amid such growing chaos, a return to former (and normal) U.S. deterrence would inflame such aggressors and be considered provocative by provocateurs.
Accordingly, we should remember a few old rules for these scary new crises on the horizon.
1. Avoid making verbal threats that are not serious and backed up by force. After eight years of pseudo-red lines, step-over lines, deadlines, and “game changers,” American ultimatums without consequences have no currency and will only invite further aggression.
2. The unlikely is not impossible. Weaker powers can and do start wars. Japan in December 1941 attacked the world’s two largest navies based on the false impression that great powers which sought to avoid war did so because they were weak. That current American military power is overwhelming does not mean delusional nations will always agree that it is so — or that it will be used.
3. Big wars can start from small beginnings. No one thought an obscure Austrian archduke’s assassination in 1914 would lead to some 18 million dead by 1918. Consider any possible military engagement a precursor to far more. Have a backup plan — and another backup plan for the backup plan.
4. Do not confuse tactics with strategy. Successfully shooting down a rogue airplane, blowing up an incoming speedboat, or taking an ISIS-held Syrian city is not the same as finding a way to win and end a war. Strategic victory is time-consuming and usually involves drawing on economic, political, and cultural superiority as well as military success to ensure that a defeated opponent stays defeated — and agrees that further aggression is counterproductive.
5. Human nature is unchanging — and not always admirable. Like it or not, neutrals more often flock to crude strength than to elegant and humane weakness.
6. Majestic pronouncements and utopian speechifying impress global elites and the international media, but they mean nothing to rogue nations. Such states instead count up fleets, divisions, and squadrons — and remember whether a power helps its friends and punishes its enemies. Standing by a flawed ally is always preferable to abandoning one because it can sometimes be bothersome.
7. Public support for military action hinges mostly on perceived success. Tragically, people will support a dubious but successful intervention more than a noble but bogged-down one. The most fervent prewar supporters of war are often the most likely to bail during the first setback. Never calibrate the wisdom of retaliating or intervening based on initial loud public enthusiasm for it.
8. War is a harsh distillery of talent. Good leaders and generals in peace are not necessarily skilled in conflict. They can perform as badly in war as good wartime generals do in peace. Assume that the commanders who start a war won’t be there to finish it.
9. War is rarely started by accident and far more often by mistaken calibrations of relative power. Flawed prewar assessments of comparative weakness and strength are tragically corrected by war — the final, ugly arbiter of who really was strong and who was weak. Visible expressions of military potential, serious and steady leadership, national cohesion, and economic robustness remind rivals of the futility of war. Loud talk of disarmament and a preference for international policing can encourage foolish risk-takers to miscalculate that war is a good gamble.
10. Deterrence that prevents war is usually smeared as war-mongering. Appeasement, isolationism, and collaboration that avoid immediate crises but guarantee eventual conflict are usually praised as civilized outreach and humane engagement.
Finally, it is always better to be safe and ridiculed than vulnerable and praised.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On Tuesday, the Boston Globe published an article examining Melania Trump’s official White House photo, and promoted it with a tweet asking: “So what’s with the crossed arms?”
Yes. That’s right! The woman crossed her arms. We absolutely must investigate.
Now, to be fair, the article was about Trump’s appearance in the photo overall:
These are clearly very important questions, so naturally, the Globe brought in a few experts to weigh in on them. For example, portrait photographer Ryuiji Suzuki:
“There are different opinions about people crossing their arms in portraits,” Suzuki told the Globe. “If you do it right, you might add a powerful impression, but it often gives you distance.”
“If you want to be friendly and approachable you probably wouldn’t pose like this,” he continued.
Now, that “So what’s with the crossed arms?” tweet was rightfully mocked with a series of replies — many of them compiled in an article at Twitchy — featuring prominent Democrats with their arms crossed: Joe Biden, Barack and Michelle Obama, and of course, Hillary Clinton. Is this evidence of an arm-crossing double standard? Sure, but it wasn’t the double standard that I noticed the most.
If this had been a photo-analysis of any woman but Melania Trump, liberal columnists would have been outraged. If the Globe had come out with an article asking if it was “unusual” that Michelle Obama was “not really smiling” in a photo, Jezebel would have cited it as evidence that our culture has an oppressive, gendered expectation that women have smiles on their faces. Suzuki’s comment about how doing arm-crossing “right” appears “powerful” but doing it wrong “gives you distance” and makes it look like you are not “friendly and approachable” would be spun into: “So, basically, if men do it then it looks powerful, but if a woman does it it’s not okay because women are supposed to be happy and agreeable? People are clearly so uncomfortable with a woman taking a powerful position.”
The headlines would be everywhere: “The Focus on Michelle Obama’s Facial Expression Is Super Problematic.” “Why Are We Talking about Michelle Obama’s Face Instead of Her Accomplishments?” “The Boston Globe Wrote an Entire Article Dissecting Michelle Obama’s Appearance — Yes, Seriously” and “It’s Not That You Don’t Like the Picture — It’s That You Don’t Like Powerful Women.”
(Note: I am not saying that women shouldn’t be annoyed by people telling them to smile. Walking around smiling makes me feel like I’m in some kind of weird, life-long toothpaste commercial, and I’m so sick of hearing that that makes people think I’m mean. Believe it or not, the position of certain muscles on my face actually says nothing about who I am as a person, and it’s annoying how many people can’t seem to get that through their heads. There’s nothing more obnoxious than a dude stopping me on the street just to tell me to change my face for him. It’s like, come on, I have things to do, please don’t stop me and ask me to take my headphones out unless it is to tell me that I am actually on fire.)
I understand, of course, that this article was about Melania’s expressions in an iconic photo and not her expressions on her walk to work. I also understand that, if you’re going to be in the public eye, you can expect your bodhttp://www.nationalreview.com/corner/444082/melania-trumps-biography-washington-post-calls-it-promotionaly language to be critiqued to some extent. But none of that changes the fact that the Boston Globe’s article would have been slammed as a sexist atrocity had it been about any other woman — and if you’re going to be a crusader for something, I think that you should at least try to be consistent about it.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
With the inauguration of Donald Trump this year, we have now had, for the first time in our history, three American presidents who were born in the same year. There have been three pairs of presidents born in the same year — the very dissimilar John Quincy Adams and Andrew Jackson, in 1767; Richard Nixon and his surprise successor, Gerald Ford, in 1913; and Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush, in 1924.
Now we’ve had three presidents who were born in calendar year 1946: Bill Clinton (in August), George W. Bush (in July) and Donald Trump (in June). Note that all three were born just a little more than nine months after V-J Day. (For younger readers, that was the end of World War II.)
The U.S. Census Bureau considers 1946 to be the first year of the Baby Boom, a remarkable and unpredicted sudden surge in births in the United States and numerous other countries. It continued until 1964, which means Barack Obama, who was born in 1961, is also a part of the Baby Boom generation.
The leading edge of the Baby Boom generation, the oldest members of an enormous age cohort, has made its mark on American life. Growing up in an era of postwar conformity, they insisted on doing their own thing. They listened to and played rock ‘n’ roll, the first adolescent music genre. They participated in student riots. Their high-school class of 1964 had the highest test scores in history.
Compared with their parents, they attended college more and served in the military less. All seven presidents born between 1908 and 1924 were, in some form, in the military during World War II. Two of the 1946 presidents never were in the military at all, and one served in the Texas Air National Guard.
Two were the sons of men highly successful in quite different fields. One’s father was a mysterious figure who died before he was born. But all three graduated from prestigious universities — Georgetown University and Yale Law School, Yale University and Harvard Business School, and The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Of course, each was different. Bill Clinton was a political prodigy, with the capacity to understand public policy and its political implications seemingly off the top of his head. He started his political career early, running the 1972 George McGovern campaign in Texas and almost upsetting a Republican congressman in 1974. In 1976, he was elected Arkansas attorney general, and in 1979, at 32, he became the state’s governor.
Clinton had luck, and with his dazzling political skills, he took advantage of it. When his career seemed to be winding down — he was renominated and reelected by lackluster margins in 1990 — he took a chance on running for president against an incumbent who had started the year with 91 percent approval. That guaranteed weak Democratic competition, and Ross Perot’s surprise candidacy, which dislodged George H.W. Bush, and surprise (and temporary) withdrawal boosted Clinton.
As president, Clinton had his stumbles and unique disgrace. He was disorganized and undisciplined, but he was also constantly adapting and revising, rewriting State of the Union addresses on his ride to the Capitol. The public mostly approved.
George W. Bush was, in some ways, the opposite. After an unsuccessful House race in 1978, he mostly laid aside politics. After his father lost to Clinton, he seems to have believed that God put him in the way of running for president, and he strove to tutor himself to do the best job possible.
His strength was steadfastness, his weakness (as always, a strength overdone) stubbornness. He was agonizingly slow on midcourse correction, notably on Iraq but also on Social Security reform.
Bush’s political strategy, designed to keep Texas from being the next California, worked, but it gave him only small electoral-vote majorities. When his job approval dropped, between 2006 and 2008, his party took the worst thumpings it’d had in 25 years.
Donald Trump’s strategy followed not George W. Bush’s but Ross Perot’s. He bet that his trademark stands on trade and immigration (different from every president’s since Dwight Eisenhower) — though costing him votes of college graduates in California, Arizona, Texas, and Georgia — would gain him enough votes from non-college-educated people to win.
The bet paid off. Trump did worse than George W. Bush had done in those states, but it cost him zero electoral votes. Swings by non-college-educated whites in Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Maine gave him 100 electoral votes twice won by Barack Obama.
Was that shrewd insight or blind luck? Either way, it perhaps owed something to Perot (born in 1930), who helped make each of these Boomers president.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The headline was numbingly familiar: “For Blacks, College is Not An Equalizer.” The op-ed in the Washington Post by Ray Boshara explored what he called a “troubling paradox,” namely that so many well-educated black Americans “feel so economically insecure.”
It’s a startling fact, Boshara continued, “that blacks with college degrees have lost wealth over the past generation.” White college graduates “saw their wealth soar by 86 percent” between 1992 and 2013, while black college graduates experienced a loss of 55 percent over the same period.
I made a little bet with myself as I read the piece: “Two-to-one he doesn’t talk about family structure.” Boshara is the Director of St. Louis Federal Reserve’s Center for Household Financial Stability and a senior fellow at the Aspen Institute. His piece is carefully argued and well researched. He makes some valid points, such as that black and white college graduates “share and receive wealth very differently.” Whereas white college graduates are likely to receive financial assistance from their parents, black college grads are more often the donors of funds — to struggling family members including parents — than the recipients of help themselves.
Boshara then lists some proposals for fixing the problem, like “lending circles” and “matched savings programs” to make college more affordable for black students, along with the usual calls to combat racial discrimination.
As I feared though, he avoided what I consider to be a key factor in the black/white difference. The great divide in wealth accumulation in America is founded on marriage. Married couples accumulate much more wealth than divorced or never married people do. A study published by the National Bureau of Economic Research found that the median married couple in their sixties had ten times more wealth than a typical single person.
An Ohio State study found that divorce decreases wealth by an average of 77 percent. Jay Zagorsky, the study’s author, counseled: “If you really want to increase your wealth, get married and stay married. On the other hand, divorce can devastate your wealth.”
Now consider the demographics of black college graduates. The overwhelming majority are women. Females now account for 66 percent of all bachelor’s degrees earned by blacks, 70 percent of master’s degrees, and 60 percent of doctorates. Women tend to desire husbands who are as educated or more educated than they are, which makes marriage more difficult for black women with higher education degrees. According to an analysis by the Brookings Institution, the percentage of black women college graduates aged 25 to 35 who have never married is 60 percent, compared to 38 percent for white college-educated women.
Further, only 2 percent of highly-educated white women had children out of wedlock, whereas 26 percent of black women with four-year degrees did.
Unsurprisingly, more black than white women marry men who have less education. The Brookings study found that only 49 percent of black, college-educated women marry men with at least some post-secondary education, compared with 84 percent of white, college-educated women. Since education is so closely tied to income, a household with two college graduates is overwhelmingly likely to make more income than a household with only one college graduate. More white and Asian couples fit this pattern. They pool more resources and hold onto their nest egg into retirement. Oh, and black couples are more likely to divorce than others.
There are many additional reasons that stable married couples accumulate wealth. Family members are more likely to loan and donate money to a son-in-law, say, than to a live-in boyfriend. Husbands and wives complement one another in wealth strategies (men tend to be risk-takers, women tend to be cautious). Married couples are healthier and miss fewer days of work. Married men seem to be more motivated to get jobs and promotions than singles. These are just some of the dozens of factors.
The bruising reality for all Americans – though, like most things, it is more stark among African Americans – is that men are falling behind. The retreat from stable families that began in the 1960s and really hit the skids in the 1980s, has now yielded adults who’ve been damaged (though not all obviously). As David Autor and Melanie Wasserman postulate, growing up in a mother-only home seems to hit boys harder than girls. Thus, there are fewer “marriageable” men for those women to marry, and the cycle becomes self-reinforcing.
There’s nothing wrong in principle with efforts to make college more affordable and to focus on racial discrimination, but the real source of the black/white wealth disparity probably owes more to the marriage gap than to those things. The Aspen Institute should focus on that.
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
A group of activists at Harvard University have apologized for posting fake deportation notices in dorm rooms, explaining that they were simply trying to get people to think about how bad deportation is. 
“We regret to inform you that a resident of this dorm has been detained indefinitely due to suspicious actions, suspected violent inclinations, or suspicion of being a deportable alien (i.e. questionable residency status),” the notice, which read “Harvard Special Investigations Unit” at the top, read. 
The back — and only the back — of the flyer clarified that it was, in fact, “not a real notice,” and that the reason for the “unsettling nature” of it was to encourage “Harvard community members to reflect on the reality of people who face these kinds of unwarranted disruptions of life in unexplained suspicious circumstances before a state power that can hold ‘suspects’ indefinitely.” It also included information about an upcoming panel on incarceration.   
According to an article in the Harvard Crimson, the notice was signed by Harvard Concilio Latino, the Harvard Islamic Society, and the Harvard Black Students Association “and orchestrated by the Harvard Palestine Solidarity Committee.” The Crimson reports that students from at least two of the groups — Concilio Latino and the Palestine Solidarity Committee — have already apologized. 
In the apology statement from the Palestine Solidarity Committee, co-president Fatima M. Bishtawi explained that the purpose of posting those flyers was to make people think about the fact that people “do not always get to walk away from a notice knowing that it is fake.” 
Bishtawi is right. Deportations and deportation notices are very, very real — but that’s exactly what made this whole stunt so disgusting. These activists say that they were trying to help people who may face deportation by getting others to think about what it must be like to face deportation, but apparently, they never stopped to think about the fact that making people who may face deportation think that they are at risk of being deported might not be the nicest way to help them. 
Understandably, many undocumented students and students with undocumented family members were upset. Sophomore Karla V. Alvarado, who said she has had experience with deportation notices because both of her parents used to be undocumented, told the Crimson: 
No kidding. Really, I can’t even keep up with this anymore. I mean, I’m always hearing from student activist groups about how even seeing Donald Trump’s name on a sign or in chalk is enough to traumatize students who fear deportation — but, apparently, actual fake deportation notices are just not as much of a concern. 
This story was previously covered in an article on Heat Street.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Saint Catherine of Siena, counselor to popes and declared doctor of the spiritual life, died in Rome in 1380. Despite having lost normal use of her legs, she was able to walk to Saint Peter’s Basilica during Lent that year.
“What, we might ask, would have prompted Catherine to make this sacrifice?” Father Romanus Cessario, O.P., asks in his new book, Compassionate Blood: Catherine of Siena on the Passion, published by Magnificat (whose chief product is a beautiful monthly devotional by that name, of which Father Cessario is senior editor). Father Cessario quotes from the saint herself for the answer:
In this explanation, you get a sense of the depth of her prayer life and a window into the power of prayer and intercession — the family she is talking about are the spiritual sons and daughters for whom she is praying. Father Cessario, a Dominican priest and professor of systematic theology at Saint John’s Seminary in Brighton, Mass., talks about the Passion of Christ and how Catherine enables us to better meditate prayerfully on it, as well as the spiritual invitations present during this liturgical season.
[The book can be purchased directly from Magnificat here or on Amazon here -- it's available at both as an e-book for immediate reading.]
Kathryn Jean Lopez: You quote Saint Catherine: “The sword at [Jesus’s] side is the wound of his side, revealing to us the secret of his heart; it is a sword with a point of light that ought to pierce our inmost heart with the force of love.” Does that mean that a wounded heart is most like Christ’s?
Father Romanus Cessario, O.P.: Well, I would say that a wounded heart is most like that of Saint Catherine. She prizes self-knowledge, including the frank acknowledgement of her sins. The wounded heart, as Oscar Wilde has remarked, allows the Lord Christ to enter in. Christ’s wounded heart heals wounded hearts even as it suffers the wound of the spear.
Lopez: You quote Saint Catherine referring to “the bond of love for the Father’s honor and our salvation which held him nailed firm and fast to the cross.” We can be pretty miserable people . . . why would God do such a thing for us?
Cessario: Miserable people still exist as images of the Blessed Trinity. The way out of misery lies with our growing into conformity with the Godly Image. When Saint Catherine speaks about the “Father’s honor” she refers to the dishonor that sin does to God himself. God owns the creature. God owns human existence. God owns everything we do, except when we sin. So when the creature sins, he or she dishonors God.
Lopez: How does Christ’s compassion and blood “serve as the beginning for every Christian’s autobiography,” as you write?
Cessario: Baptism brings the first expression of Christ’s compassion to everyone. Without Baptism, no one can participate fully in the compassion of Christ. So the Christian autobiography starts with Baptism.
Lopez: Is it just pious nonsense for a modern person to consider becoming a spiritual child of Saint Catherine?
Cessario: I hope not. Everyone must become a spiritual child of someone. There are no self-starters in the Christian life. Only the Eternal Father enjoys innascibility, that is, being without origin. Catherine intuits this fundamental relationship between herself and the Father. Once one has become a spiritual child, he or she can serve as a spiritual father or mother for others. Otherwise, as happens with ideologues and dictators, people subject others to themselves and not to the Heavenly Father.
Lopez: What is so important about the last words Jesus spoke on the cross  – which you describe as producing “a well-constructed sermon” — and focusing on them this time of year?
Cessario: Traditionally, a man’s last words carry special weight since it is difficult to imagine circumstances in which a dying man would profit from not speaking the truth. The Evangelists obviously considered the words that Jesus spoke from the cross as worthy of special notice. The Seven Last Words offer to us a glimpse of what Gospel living entails.
Lopez: Why do you write that we should “cultivate confidence in divine mercy”?
Cessario: Because no other confidence wins us eternal life. On whose mercy would one rely? This truth appears more eminently to people on their death beds. There, the dying person recognizes that all earthly mercies, ministrations, no longer avail him or her of anything. Only God can help. Those who turn away from the divine mercy on their death beds risk losing everything.
Lopez: How can we better understand Jesus’s words on the cross, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me”?
Cessario: Remember that Jesus never knew himself as forsaken, even as he may have felt that he was. There is a difference between sense experience and spiritual knowledge. It is easy to recognize this difference in one’s daily life. The distressing symptoms of a flu leave one feeling quite bad. Few persons, however, draw the conclusion that this suffering will lead to death. Medication and rest are known to provide sure cures.
Lopez: What does the wisdom of the saints tell us “about Christ’s cry from the cross”?
Cessario: The saints live as though nothing can separate them from the love of God. They identify with Christ’s cry inasmuch as they subordinate their sense responses and feelings to what they hold in faith to embody divine providence. The saints know that God’s providence never fails.
Lopez: You write that “Catherine deeply understood the relationship of the hierarchical structure of the Church to the communication of the divine benefits that Christ’s death inaugurates. In other words, she knew that the divine graces that Christ obtains by His Death on the cross reach us, the intended beneficiaries, through the Church’s pastors and her sacraments. So she warns those who distance themselves from the pope.” Would you offer an added word for those who are skeptical — or offended — on this point in a particular way?
Cessario: The Church discovered long ago that she must distinguish between the objective efficacy of her ministers and their personal state of holiness or of learning. Otherwise, the Christian people would conclude that the benefits they receive from priests come from the priests and not from God. In other words, people would forget that priests are instruments. Of course, for a man to be an instrument of divine things requires that he himself aspire to a holy life. When the priest fails, even in serious and embarrassing ways, he still remains an instrument of divine grace. Even the priest whose official permissions justly have been withdrawn retains this capacity. The Church moreover requires that he use his consecrated powers when someone in danger of death requires his sacramental services.
Lopez: Why do you write that ignorance is “the greatest harm that can befall the human creature”? Can’t there be an innocence about it?
Cessario: Even when the ignorance remains involuntary, it still deprives a person of what is required to lead a happy life. A cultural polytheist may appear “innocent,” though the state of adhering to many gods does not constitute human happiness. The polytheist in fact suffers harm. He or she ignores the true God.
Lopez: How does one have an “active union with Christ”?
Cessario: The easiest way for a believer to carry on an active relationship with Christ lies in the practice of saying prayerfully the Holy Name of Jesus. Active union with Christ means loving Christ. When what we do or say flows from the Name of Jesus, then everything becomes a way of maintaining an active union with the Lord.
Lopez: “No one can completely detach himself from the reality of the created order,” you write. But how we do try! What does it say about our culture today that we have strayed a bit from this, and how do we turn back?
Cessario: May I refer your readers to my Introduction to Moral Theology? The key word is “completely.” Sin turns us against the wise and loving patterns that God has established for the created order. Were a creature to detach himself or herself completely from the created order, such a creature would cease to exist. Think of Adam and Eve. They sinned against the highest commandment. They tried to put themselves on par with God. They did not cease to exist. They did, however, begin to exist very differently than they had in the Garden of Eden. All sin weakens our hold on reality. Think of the prevalent use of pornography . . . 
Lopez: What’s your advice to someone who hasn’t had a particularly prayerful or fruitful Lent so far but desires to?
Cessario: Go to confession. Celebrate Easter. Love God anew.
Lopez: For the non-believer who thinks this all sounds overly pious but who remains intrigued, what’s the invitation of Holy Week? Good Friday? Easter?
Cessario: The intrigued non-believer should talk to a priest or to someone who works at a Catholic church. Then he should follow the instructions that, preferably, the priest gives. These instructions will lead to Baptism. Then everything will make a great deal of sense.
Lopez: How can Jesus’s passion and death help increase or deepen a Christian’s faith? How can Saint Catherine help?
Cessario: When we behold the cross, we see the love that Christ has shown for us. We also are moved to love him in return. Love begets hope. We trust that Christ will bring us to the rewards that the Christian faith promises. Hope deepens love so that we love more the God who gives the rewards than we do the rewards themselves.
Lopez: I tend to see Magnificat (of which you are a senior editor) in churches around the country, more than a few times at Penn Station, on Amtrak trains. I see people reading and praying with it when they can. I know you also give away copies for trial and for events. Why is Magnificat a “miracle”? And why has it become a “standard feature of Catholic daily life and worship”?
Cessario: Magnificat comes as a miracle each month. No one could imagine the compact team that ensures safe delivery of this worship aid each month. Soon the journal will mark 20 years of flourishing in the United States. With over 300,000 subscribers, Magnificat also serves two or three times that many U.S. Catholics.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Lost City of Z takes us to the Amazon jungle in the Edwardian years, a savage wilderness of irrationality, hostility, and incandescent loathing for outsiders. It’s almost as bad as the Middlebury campus today.
I make the comparison advisedly, because this strange update on Joseph Conrad is in essence an epic of virtue-signaling. Chunks of dialogue, even entire scenes, serve no dramatic purpose except to allow the film’s journeyman writer-director, James Gray, to hoist the flag of 21st-century political correctness while waiting for us all to salute.
City of Z (pronounced, in the British manner, “Zed”) is the true-ish story of a British Army major, Percy Fawcett (Charlie Hunnam), approaching middle age, who yearns to distinguish himself in some way. His uniform, he says, or whines, is bereft of medals. Where is his glory?
It’s in the Amazon, it turns out, where the Royal Geographical Society proposes to send him to settle, via surveying, a border dispute between Bolivia and Brazil that involves competing claims to highly valued rubber resources. Fawcett envisions clearing his family name of its regrettable associations — we’re told that he made an unfortunate choice of ancestors — and returning a conquering hero in the mold of Ernest Shackleton, who together with John Murray became master of the Antarctic in 1907.
We’re only minutes into the film when Gray starts to exhibit a lack of storytelling discipline. In one early scene, Fawcett’s genteel wife (Sienna Miller) complains that her corset is too tight, adding that men “make” women wear these things. Make? Hold on there, sister: Edwardian women wore corsets for the same reason today’s women wear Spanx: Women like to look good, and surprisingly often they consider discomfort/pain/excruciation a reasonable price to pay. Later, in an especially absurd interlude, Miller’s character, who by now is the mother of two small children, pleads to be taken to the jungle with the major. There is no indication in the film that she is anything other than an ordinary Edwardian lady in a hoop skirt: No hint is given that she has any military experience, any ability to hunt or navigate or survey or even build a fire or camp out. She would, in other words, be worse than useless on such a journey — a walking piece of kidnapping bait who would most likely leave her children without a mother. Major Fawcett rightly declares her proposal ridiculous, yet Gray presents her as having the moral authority to do anything a man can do because she has done something no man has ever done — known the pain of childbirth. If that’s the standard, every mommy on earth is better suited to physically grueling exertions than every male member of the 82nd Airborne. And yet there’s a reason that when we send an army to invade a foreign sandbox, we don’t ask Anna Wintour to lead it.
The scene serves no dramatic purpose — when Fawcett rejects her, she doesn’t rebel in any way but simply goes back to being a patient wife who keeps the home fires stoked. It’s just Gray using an anachronism to plead for the audience to like him. But what Gray has in store afterward is what’s most amazing, and most 2017, about the film.
Fawcett, accompanied by an aide de camp (Robert Pattinson, erstwhile idol of the teen-vampire movies, now looking more like Dustin Hoffman in Papillon), loses interest in his surveying job and instead pursues an archaeological find. Bits of broken crockery signal an ancient lost civilization never before recognized by any white man. He convinces the RGS to back him as he becomes an explorer in the pursuit of pure knowledge, this time accompanied by Murray (Angus Macfadyen), from the Antarctic expedition. Murray proves to be another dead weight on the plot, though: He is such a miserable, whiny teammate that he forces Fawcett’s crew to cut short one expedition, and much quarrelsome litigation looms.
You will have guessed by this point in the movie that there’s a reason you haven’t heard of Fawcett unless you read the David Grann New Yorker piece and resultant book that inspired the movie. Fawcett never did inscribe his name in the history of exploration. So why make a film about his frustrations and failures? Hubris is one possible compelling answer; he’s a jungle Icarus who let himself be blinded by his own vainglory. That isn’t the picture Gray paints, though: In the second half of the movie, Gray decides Fawcett is an early apostle of multiculturalism. Or as Edwardians would have put it, he goes native. Fawcett becomes friendly to the jungle dwellers, and embittered toward the London gentlemen, as he says things like, “We’re all made of the same clay.” Maybe, but some clay makes for more pleasant company than others. If your clay is determined to hide in the bushes and send a fusillade of deadly arrows at my clay while we’re rafting down the river, I think I’d rather be back in London reading Kipling.
The later pages of the script mainly serve to afford Fawcett lots of grandstanding opportunities to, for instance, correct RGS members who call jungle inhabitants “savages.” I’ll admit I can’t delineate the precise parameters of savagery, but when I see a man clad only in a G-string who decorates his lair with human skulls and whose supper is a human body seen roasted on a spit, I feel fairly confident that we’re in the ballpark. Contra those white-privileged toffs back home, Fawcett becomes the cannibals’ most ardent cheerleader: They’re merely ingesting the spirit of the dead man, he argues. In a scene that is filmed with evocative, bordello-sensuous lighting and scored with soothing ambient music of the sort you’d hear in a spa, Gray makes it look as though it would be not a tragedy but an honor to close out one’s earthly existence as the plat du jour at the original Rainforest Café. So the lesson of the film is not “Man is cruel to man” or “A dangerous fever strikes men in the heart of darkness” or “Vanity has a price,” but the more defensive “Every culture is great, really.” Who are we to judge the snacking preferences of the average Amazonian tribesperson, Gray asks. People are people, he insists. Even people who eat other people.
— Kyle Smith is National Review’s critic-at-large.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In ordering Friday’s strike on a Syrian airbase, President Donald J. Trump sent the U.S. military into combat without Congress’s blessing. He has punished the Assad regime for its use of sarin nerve gas on its own people and only begun to correct the mistakes the Obama administration made when it allowed the Syrian civil war to metastasize into a conflict that is destabilizing the Middle East.
For its troubles, however, the Trump administration has come under fire from his conservative flank. Libertarian senator Rand Paul demands that Trump seek congressional authorization, while distinguished conservative law professor Mike Paulsen and National Review editor Kevin Williamson argue in these pages that the strikes violate the Constitution. Their arguments add to the outrage of Trump supporters, such as Ann Coulter, who tweeted: “Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates.”
This time, President Trump has the Constitution about right. His exercise of war powers rests firmly in the tradition of American foreign policy. Throughout our history, neither presidents nor Congresses have acted under the belief that the Constitution requires a declaration of war before the U.S. can conduct military hostilities abroad. We have used force abroad more than 100 times but declared war in only five cases: the War of 1812, the Mexican-American and Spanish-American wars, and World Wars I and II.
Without any congressional approval, presidents have sent forces to battle Indians, Barbary pirates, and Russian revolutionaries; to fight North Korean and Chinese Communists in Korea; to engineer regime changes in South and Central America; and to prevent human-rights disasters in the Balkans. Other conflicts, such as the 1991 Persian Gulf war, the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan, and the 2003 Iraq War, received legislative “authorization” but not declarations of war. The practice of presidential initiative, followed by congressional acquiescence, has spanned both Democratic and Republican administrations and reaches back from President Trump to Presidents Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, and George Washington.
Common sense does not support replacing the way our Constitution has worked in wartime with a radically different system that mimics the peacetime balance of powers between president and Congress. If the issue were the environment or Social Security, Congress would enact policy first and the president would faithfully implement it second. But the Constitution does not duplicate this system in war. Instead, our Framers decided that the president would play the leading role in matters of national security.
Those in the pro-Congress camp call upon the anti-monarchical origins of the American Revolution for support. If the Framers rebelled against King George III’s dictatorial powers, surely they would not give the president much authority. It is true that the revolutionaries rejected the royal prerogative, and they created weak executives at the state level. Americans have long turned a skeptical eye toward the growth of federal powers. But this may mislead some to resist the fundamental difference in the Constitution’s treatment of domestic and foreign affairs. For when the Framers wrote the Constitution in 1787, they rejected these failed experiments and restored an independent, unified chief executive with its own powers in national security and foreign affairs.
The most important of the president’s powers are those of commander in chief and chief executive. As Alexander Hamilton wrote in Federalist No. 74:
Presidents should conduct war, he wrote, because they could act with “decision, activity, secrecy and dispatch.” In perhaps his most famous words, Hamilton wrote: “Energy in the executive is a leading character in the definition of good government. . . . It is essential to the protection of the community against foreign attacks.”
The Framers realized the obvious. Foreign affairs are unpredictable and involve the highest of stakes, making them unsuitable to regulation by preexisting legislation. Instead, they can demand swift, decisive action — sometimes under pressured or even emergency circumstances — that is best carried out by a branch of government that does not suffer from multiple vetoes or that is delayed by disagreements. Congress is too large and unwieldy to take the swift and decisive action required in wartime. Our Framers replaced the Articles of Confederation, which had failed in the management of foreign relations because they had no single executive, with the Constitution’s single president for precisely this reason. Even when it has access to the same intelligence as the executive branch, Congress’s loose, decentralized structure would paralyze American policy while foreign threats grew.
Congress has no political incentive to mount and see through its own wartime policy. Members of Congress, who are interested in keeping their seats at the next election, do not want to take stands on controversial issues where the future is uncertain. They will avoid like the plague any vote that will anger large segments of the electorate. They prefer that the president take the political risks and be held accountable for failure.
Congress’s track record when it has opposed presidential leadership has not been a happy one. Perhaps the most telling example was the Senate’s rejection of the Treaty of Versailles at the end of World War I. Congress’s isolationist urge kept the United States out of Europe at a time when democracies fell and Fascism grew in their place. Even as Europe and Asia plunged into war, Congress passed the Neutrality Acts designed to keep the United States out of the conflict. President Franklin Roosevelt violated those laws to help the Allies and draw the nation into war against the Axis. While pro-Congress critics worry about a president’s foreign adventurism, the real threat to our national security could come from inaction and isolationism.
Many point to the Vietnam War as an example of the faults of the “imperial presidency.” Vietnam, however, could not have continued without the consistent support of Congress in raising a large military and paying for hostilities. And Vietnam ushered in a period of congressional dominance that witnessed American setbacks in the Cold War and the passage of the ineffectual War Powers Resolution. Congress passed the resolution in 1973 over President Richard Nixon’s veto, and no president has ever accepted the constitutionality of its 60-day limit on the use of troops abroad. No federal court has ever upheld the resolution. Even Congress has never enforced it.
Despite the record of practice and the Constitution’s institutional design, critics nevertheless argue that we should radically remake the American way of war. They typically base their claim on Congress’s power to “declare war.” But these observers read the 18th-century constitutional text through a modern lens by interpreting “declare war” to mean “start war.” When the Constitution was written, however, a declaration of war served diplomatic notice about a change in legal relations between nations. It had little to do with launching hostilities. In the century before the Constitution, for example, Great Britain — where the Framers got the idea of declaring war — fought numerous major conflicts but declared war only once beforehand.
Our Constitution sets out specific procedures for passing laws, appointing officers, and making treaties. There are none for waging war because the Framers expected the president and Congress to struggle over war through the national political process. In fact, other parts of the Constitution, properly read, support this reading. Article I, Section 10, for example, declares that the states shall not “engage” in war “without the consent of Congress” unless “actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.” This provision creates exactly the limits desired by anti-war critics, complete with an exception for self-defense. If the Framers had wanted to require congressional permission before the president could wage war, they simply could have repeated this provision and applied it to the executive.
Presidents, of course, do not have complete freedom to take the nation to war. Congress has ample powers to control presidential policy, if it wants to. Only Congress can raise the military, which gives it the power to block, delay, or modify war plans. Before 1945, the United States had such a small peacetime military that presidents who started a war would have to go hat in hand to Congress to build an army to fight it. Since World War II, Congress has authorized and funded our large standing military, one primarily designed to conduct offensive, not defensive, operations (as we learned all too tragically on 9/11) and to swiftly project power worldwide. If Congress wanted to discourage presidential initiative in war, it could build a smaller, less offense-minded military.
Congress’s check on the presidency lies not just in the long-term raising of the military. It can also block any immediate armed conflict through the power of the purse. If Congress feels it has been misled in authorizing war, or it disagrees with the president’s decisions, all it need do is cut off funds, either all at once or gradually. It can reduce the size of the military, shrink or eliminate units, or freeze supplies. Using the power of the purse does not even require affirmative congressional action. Congress can just sit on its hands and refuse to pass a law funding the latest presidential adventure, and the war will end quickly. Even the Kosovo war, which lasted little more than two months and involved no ground troops, required special funding legislation.
The Framers expected Congress’s power of the purse to serve as the primary check on presidential war. During the 1788 Virginia ratifying convention. Patrick Henry attacked the Constitution for failing to limit executive militarism. James Madison responded: “The sword is in the hands of the British king; the purse is in the hands of the Parliament. It is so in America, as far as any analogy can exist.” Congress ended America’s involvement in Vietnam by cutting off all funds for the war.
Our Constitution has succeeded because it favors swift presidential action in war, later checked by Congress’s funding power. If a president continues to wage war without congressional authorization, as in Libya, Kosovo, or Korea, it is only because Congress has chosen not to exercise its easy check. We should not confuse a desire to escape political responsibility for a defect in the Constitution.
A radical change in the system for making war might appease critics of presidential power. But it could also seriously threaten American national security. In order to forestall another 9/11 attack, or take advantage of a window of opportunity to strike terrorists or rogue nations, the executive branch needs flexibility. It is not hard to think of situations where congressional consent cannot be obtained in time to act. Time for congressional deliberation, which can lead to passivity and isolation and not smarter decisions, will come at the price of speed and secrecy.
The Constitution creates a presidency that can respond forcefully to prevent serious threats to our national security. Presidents can take the initiative, and Congress can use its funding power to check presidents. Instead of demanding a legalistic process to begin war, the Framers left war to politics. As we confront the new challenges of terrorism, rogue nations, and WMD proliferation, now is not the time to introduce sweeping, untested changes in the way we make war.
— John Yoo is the Heller Professor of Law at the University of California, Berkeley, and a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece was written in partnership with the Annie E. Casey Foundation as part of their “Opportunity 2017: An Agenda to Increase Prosperity.”
One of the most troubling trends of our time is the decline in economic opportunity. From the early 20th century until the 1980s, children consistently out-earned their parents. Then the tide stopped rising and children’s odds of out-earning their parents became entirely random, as Stanford economist Raj Chetty has shown.
This sorry state of affairs persists today. If you’re born into a household earning $250,000 a year, it might not trouble you much. But children born into poorer households know firsthand the pain of declining economic mobility. Seventy percent of American children born poor will never make it to the middle class, according to a study by Pew Research. An invisible anchor tethers them in place, largely irrespective of their abilities or work ethics. For them, the American Dream has become a nightmare.
Perhaps surprisingly, the biggest cause of this opportunity gap is not education, segregation, economic stagnation, immigration, or income inequality. (Sorry, Senator Sanders.) To be sure, these are all contributing factors. But in the seminal 2014 study, “Where Is the Land of Opportunity,” Chetty and his colleagues found that the lack of upward mobility was most strongly correlated to family structure. Subsequent studies have confirmed the importance of stable families.
This creates an interesting challenge for Republicans, given their emphasis on increasing economic opportunity: How can a party that remains tentative about family policy get ahead of the curve?
The Changing American Family
The American family has undergone a dramatic transformation in the last 50 years. The number of single parents in America has increased threefold since 1960. Nearly one-third of households are now headed by single parents, most of whom are mothers, although the number of single fathers is on the rise. significantly, this transformation hasn’t occurred across the whole population; instead, it has disproportionately affected the low and middle-income households who can least afford to take an economic hit.
According to Chetty, the number of single parents in a community is the single biggest predictor of social mobility. More than four in ten single mothers live at or below the poverty line compared with one in ten married mothers. My former AEI colleagues Brad Wilcox and Robert Lerman found that if the rate of married parenthood had persisted from the 1980s to 2004, growth in median household incomes would have been 44 percent higher.
The shift in the structure of the American family was driven by a complex web of economic, social, and cultural trends that are not going away any time soon. The implications of that shift are, however, clear: The best way to increase economic opportunities for working-class Americans is to pursue policies that strengthen families and address the unique economic challenges that parents — especially single parents — face.
A Family-Friendly Agenda
What might a pro-family Republican agenda look like, then? To start with, it would involve reforms that reduce the government-imposed disincentives to marry, which are highest for low-income Americans.
Our tax and benefit systems are designed to benefit single-earner households above all else. We impose high effective marginal tax rates on married households in which both spouses work. In a recent report, economists Melissa Kearney and Lesley Turner show how a family headed by a primary earner making $25,000 a year will take home less than 30 percent of a spouse’s earnings under existing policy. This is essentially a flat 70 percent tax rate, far exceeding that imposed on a high-income household. Needless to say, it discourages marriage and spousal employment.
Of course, there are millions of parents around the country who wouldn’t be in a position to marry even if the structural barriers to doing so were eliminated. To adequately address the challenges of these working parents, Republicans will have to go further.
Congressional Republicans should pursue a set of family-friendly policies that directly address the major economic challenges working parents face, including the cost and availability of child-care and the lack of paid leave. To be sure, these challenges affect married and single parents alike, but their effects are disproportionately borne by those in the latter group, who often have no second source of income to rely on in periods when they are out of work and no one with whom to share child-care responsibilities.
Paid Leave and Child Care
A paid-parental-leave policy at the national level could fit squarely into a pro-family, pro-work Republican agenda. Only 5 percent of employees in the bottom quintile of earners have access to paid leave from their employers, according to the Department of Labor. As such, many low-income and single mothers either return to work within a week or two of giving birth or quit their job altogether — neither of which is good for a newborn, his mother, or her earnings.
A modest paid-parental-leave policy would counter these trends and increase mothers’ attachment to the workforce — an essential component of upward economic mobility, especially for single-parent households. A study of California’s paid-leave program found that low-income and minority women benefited the most from its institution, seeing a 10 to 17 percent rise in their weekly work hours and wages. Moreover, new mothers’ reliance on welfare programs decreased following the program’s implementation, probably as the result of increased workforce attachment.
Another family-friendly policy worth considering is child-care support. Child care is among the most expensive services families require, and its cost is directly and inversely related to parents’ ability to work. This is an especially big problem because the existing system of child-care credits and subsidies largely leaves out low- and middle-income parents, for whom employment is a necessity rather than a luxury.
Republicans should take the lead on converting the existing system into a refundable child-care tax credit linked to child-care costs and targeted at low-income households. Economists have consistently found that reducing child-care costs has positive effects on work. For example, David Blau and Erdal Tekin found that child-care subsidies resulted in a 13-percentage-point increase in the likelihood of employment for impoverished single mothers. This is particularly significant when the alternative is government welfare, something that conservatives (rightfully) tend to decry. Of course, child-care costs can also be offset indirectly — by, for example, increasing the value of the child tax credit — but this does not necessarily affect workforce participation, which is vital for increasing upward mobility.
Many families prefer that one parent stay at home to take care of the kids. But single-parent families — and lots of low-income dual-earner families — don’t have that option. Making it easier for these households to hold down a job is vital to improving their economic circumstances and upward mobility, and it should be just as much a conservative priority as other pro-work reforms.
An Uphill Journey
In an encouraging sign, the Trump administration has been supportive of family-friendly reforms. But support among congressional Republicans has been tepid, despite the majority of conservatives who want a paid-leave policy and the previous Republican administrations that expanded child-care subsidies. The overwhelming concern among Republican legislators on Capitol Hill seems to be the growth of government and spending, but that shouldn’t keep them from supporting these policies, which could be at least partially paid for by eliminating bloat elsewhere in the federal budget.
To ignore or deprioritize family-friendly policies, meanwhile, would be a grave mistake. The structure of families has undergone a dramatic transformation at the same time that upward mobility has stagnated. This is no accident. Republicans talk often about the importance of improving economic opportunity. But real improvement will require them to adopt a thoughtful, fiscally responsible, pro-family agenda.
— Abby M. McCloskey is an economist and founder of McCloskey Policy LLC. She advised the 2016 presidential campaigns of Governors Rick Perry and Jeb Bush.



ARTICLE
Ziad Ahmed is one lucky young man. Earlier this month, Stanford University invited him to join its Class of 2021. While this alone is a huge and rare honor, what generated headlines was the essay on Ahmed’s application. Asked “What matters to you, and why?” the Princeton, N.J., high-school senior wrote: “#BlackLivesMatter.” And then he repeated it 100 times.
“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” Ahmed told Sarah A. Harvard of the website Mic. Ahmed, a Muslim American of Bangladeshi descent, pointed out why his essay was nothing more than an exercise in mindless duplication:
“The insistence on an explanation is inherently dehumanizing,” he said. “Black lives have been explicitly and implicitly told they don’t matter for centuries, and as a society — it is our responsibility to scream that black lives matter because it is not to say that all lives do not matter, but it is to say that black lives have been attacked for so long, and that we must empower through language, perspective, and action.”
Now that prose, whether you consider Black Lives Matter a civil-rights organization or a band of racial arsonists who inspire fatal attacks on law-enforcement officers, would have been worthy of a college-admissions application. Instead, Ahmed, who interned on Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, produced something reminiscent of the sets of standards that Bart Simpson writes on the chalkboard at Springfield Elementary School. For instance:
Ahmed’s “essay” also recalls a shocking scene in Stanley Kubrick’s 1980 thriller The Shining. Mentally disturbed author Jack Torrance (menacingly portrayed by Jack Nicholson) has been very busy writing his new novel on his typewriter. It turns out that page after page after page of his manuscript reads:
It would have been one thing if Ahmed had composed a coherent essay on why he supports Black Lives Matter. He could have presented an argument and supported it with evidence and passion. He could have been persuasive and maybe even educational.
Instead, he cut and pasted a hashtag — 100 times.
How brilliant.
This is the mind-numbingly repetitive analog to the story about the student who sees this question on his Philosophy 101 final exam: “What is courage?” He simply writes: “This is.”
One wonders if Stanford would have accepted a pro-police student who had written 100 times, “Blue lives matter.” How about an applicant whose essay read 100 times “The South shall rise again”? Would Microsoft Word’s cut-and-paste function have worked its magic in those cases?
Ziad Ahmed is incredibly fortunate to have been accepted by Stanford. That distinguished university, with which I have been affiliated as a media fellow at the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace, has a finite number of spots for incoming freshmen. Ahmed, who is not black, was offered a seat that could be filled by an equally or more qualified black applicant who bothered to write an actual admissions essay. In this sense, Ziad Ahmed’s accomplishment is not just outrageous. It is a genuine example of racial injustice.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Last year, President Obama assured the world that “we are living in the most peaceful, prosperous, and progressive era in human history,” and that “the world has never been less violent.”
Translated, those statements meant that active foreign-policy volcanoes in China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and the Middle East would probably not blow up on what little was left of Obama’s watch.
Obama is the U.S. version of Stanley Baldwin, the suave, three-time British prime minister of the 1920s and 1930s. Baldwin’s last tenure (1935–1937) coincided with the rapid rise of aggressive German, Italian, and Japanese Fascism.
Baldwin was a passionate spokesman for disarmament. He helped organize peace conferences. He tirelessly lectured on the need for pacifism. He basked in the praise of his good intentions.
Baldwin assured Fascists that he was not rearming Britain. Instead, he preached that the deadly new weapons of the 20th century made war so unthinkable that it would be almost impossible for it to break out.
Baldwin left office when the world was still relatively quiet. But his appeasement and pacifism had sown the seeds for a global conflagration soon to come.
Obama, the Nobel peace laureate and former president, resembles Baldwin. Both seemed to believe that war breaks out only because of misunderstandings that reflect honest differences. Therefore, tensions between aggressors and their targets can be remedied by more talk, international agreements, goodwill, and concessions.
Ideas such as strategic deterrence were apparently considered by both Baldwin and Obama to be Neanderthal, judging from Baldwin’s naÏve efforts to ask Hitler not to rearm or annex territory, and Obama’s “lead from behind” foreign policy and his pledge never to “do stupid sh**” abroad.
Aggressors clearly assumed that Obama’s assurances were green lights to further their own agendas without consequences.
Iran routinely threatened U.S. Navy ships, even taking ten American sailors into custody early last year. Obama issued various empty deadlines to Iran to cease enriching uranium before concluding a 2015 deal that allowed the Iranians to continue working their centrifuges. Iran was freed from crippling economic sanctions. And Iran quietly received $400 million in cash (in the dead of night) for the release of American hostages.
All that can be said about the Iran deal is that Obama’s concessions likely ensured he would leave office with a non-nuclear Iran soon to get nuclear weapons on someone else’s watch. 
Obama green-lighted the Syrian disaster by issuing a red line over the use of chemical weapons and then not enforcing it. When Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad called Obama’s bluff, Obama did nothing other than call on Russian president Vladimir Putin to beg Assad to stop killing civilians with chemical weapons.
Nearly five years after Obama issued his 2012 red line to Syria, and roughly a half-million dead later, Assad remains in power, some 2 million Middle Eastern refugees have overrun Europe, and Assad is still gassing his own citizens with the very chemical agents that the Obama administration had boasted were removed.
Obama’s reset policy with Russia advanced the idea that George W. Bush had unduly polarized Putin by overreacting to Russian aggression in the former Soviet republic of Georgia. But Obama’s concessions and promises to be flexible helped turn a wary but opportunistic Putin into a bold aggressor, assured that he would never have to account for his belligerence.
Middle Eastern terrorism? Obama assured us that al-Qaeda was “on the run” and that the Islamic State was a “jayvee” organization. His policy of dismissing the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism,” along with his administration’s weird assertions that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was “largely secular” and that “jihad” did not mean using force to spread Islam, earned the U.S. contempt instead of support. 
Russia and China launched cyberattacks on the U.S. without worry of consequences. Both countries increased their defense budgets while ours shrank. China built artificial island bases in the South China Sea to intimidate its neighbors, while Russia absorbed Crimea.
North Korea built more and better missiles. Almost weekly, it threatened its neighbors and crowed that it would soon nuke its critics, the American West Coast included.
In other words, as was true of Europe between 1933 and 1939, the world grew more dangerous and reached the brink of war. And like Stanley Baldwin, Obama was never willing to make a few unpopular decisions to rearm and face down aggressors in order not to be forced to make far more dangerous and unpopular decisions later on.
Baldwin was popular when he left office, largely because he had proclaimed peace, but he had helped set the table for the inevitable conflict to be inherited by his successors, Neville Chamberlain and Winston Churchill.
Obama likewise ignored rumbling volcanoes, and now they are erupting on his successor’s watch.
In both cases, history was kind while Baldwin and Obama were in office — but not so after they left.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The president of the Quad-Cities Deaf Club, which serves northwestern Illinois and southeastern Iowa, penned an op-ed claiming that hearing people teaching American Sign Language classes amounts to a form of “cultural appropriation.”
Dirk Hillard wrote the op-ed in response to learning that Scott Community College in Iowa is offering ASL classes and an ASL summer camp taught by teachers who can hear.
“This is concerning because hearing people are being hired for these positions instead of deaf instructors, which is oppressive and discriminatory,” Hillard wrote in the article, which was published Tuesday. “Whenever possible, deaf people should be sought out to teach ASL classes”
Hillard continued:
Yep. Apparently, hearing people getting involved in something that helps the deaf community is not only “concerning,” it’s also “cultural appropriation,” “oppression,” “ableism,” and “audism.”
Now, to be fair, Hillard’s contention is that this college is hiring people who can hear instead of deaf people. And some of the accusations in his piece certainly do sound messed up: For example: That deaf people aren’t included in the instruction process, and worse, that deaf people need a four-year degree to teach these courses but hearing people can teach them with a simple associate’s degree or license. Here’s the thing about those claims, though: A spokesman from the college says that they’re actually not true.
“I do not know where this person received his information from, but it is simply not true,” the spokesman, Alan Campbell, told Heat Street.
According to Campbell, although it is true that some some of the school’s ASL instructors can hear (the horror!) every single one of its ASL class includes either a deaf adjunct instructor or tutor. As for the claim that hearing people can get instructing jobs with less education? Well, Campbell said that that’s not true, either — the school has the same rules for everyone.
“Campbell said Scott Community College follows state guidelines, which require sign-language instructors to have either a relevant bachelor’s degree or both an associate’s degree and 6,000 hours of work experience,” Heat Street explains.
“We are extremely proud of our ASL program,” Campbell said. “While other programs in the state of Iowa have closed, we have continued to work to maintain our program, and it is now the only program remaining in the state.” Got that? Scott Community College’s is “the only program remaining in the state,” and Hillard is choosing to complain about who is teaching the classes. Regardless of the instructors, this is still a program that is teaching sign language and training people to become sign-language instructors, both of which objectively benefit deaf people. Are hearing people taking something from deaf culture? Yes, absolutely! But what they are “taking” is the ability to more easily communicate with the people in that culture, and the ability to teach others to be able to do the same thing.
Yes, it’s true that there are hearing people who make money from teaching these classes. But if you’re concerned about “audism,” then you should be delighted that these people have chosen to devote themselves to helping the exact same community that you’re concerned is being discriminated against. After all, do you really think that anyone is going into ASL instruction to become rich? They’d have to be pretty stupid; I haven’t seen a single sign-language instructor on any millionaires or billionaires list ever in my life.
No doubt, part of the reason that this school is still open is because there are so many people, including hearing people, who care enough about the deaf community to keep it going — and rhetoric like Hillard’s could easily discourage a hearing person who had wanted to help from ultimately deciding to do so. And if the school closes for a lack of support? Well, then that objectively means that there will be missed opportunities for more deaf people to have had the opportunity to more easily communicate with more people than they would have had this school not stayed open.
People often debate the differences between “cultural appropriation” and “cultural appreciation,” but I really didn’t think anyone could consider someone taking the time to learn and appreciate a crucial aspect of a culture — for that culture’s own benefit — to be anything but the former. But apparently, I was wrong.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
At noon on Good Friday at St. Michael’s Church in midtown Manhattan — just blocks from Penn Station — Father George W. Rutler, author of The Seven Ages of Man: Meditations on the Last Words of Christ, will be leading a meditation.  For many years in Manhattan, he has led such a meditation on the last words of Jesus, from noon until the hour His death is commemorated at 3 p.m. Father Rutler is rapidly becoming one of the authors with the most books on my bookshelf, including his most recent books: The Stories of Hymns: The History Behind 100 of Christianity’s Greatest Hymns and He Spoke to Us: Discerning God in People and Events. We discuss Good Friday and these books — as well as William F. Buckley Jr. and his faith, too. — KJL
Kathryn Jean Lopez: Why is it so crucial to focus on the seven last words of Christ on the cross on Good Friday?
Father George W. Rutler: Preaching on the seven last words is not part of the Solemn Liturgy of the Passion, which is among the oldest rites (for instance, the hymn called The Reproaches, or Improperia still retains Greek as well as Latin even in the Western Rite.) In the 18th century, missionaries in Peru used the hours from noon to 3 p.m., representing the time of the Crucifixion, to explain the essential theology of redemptive suffering. The custom spread, encouraged by Pope Pius VII. Having been neglected for some years, it seems to be reviving.
The seven last words are a compilation of the utterances from the Cross, quoted variously in the Gospel accounts.  The seven homilies are interspersed with music and prayers, which vary since it is not a formally prescribed liturgy. The seven “days” of creation are paralleled by the seven times Christ spoke, representing how the sacrificial death on the Cross restored a fallen creation. I have preached on Good Friday for about 45 years, and there is no limit to the depths of what these last words contain. For half a dozen years after my former church St. Agnes burned and was being rebuilt, I preached the “Tre Ore” in the ballroom of the Waldorf Astoria hotel, and what began as missionary preaching to the Inca people of Peru worked as well for New Yorkers.
Lopez: Why do we need Lent? And what if we didn’t have a good or prayerful one this year? Is there a chance to make up for it this Holy Week?
Rutler: The 40 days are a time to take an inventory of our souls: What is the condition of our intellect and moral will? It is also a time to discipline the human appetites. Lent is a kind of gymnasium for our spiritual health, a development of what was the Socratic rejection of the “unexamined life” more than four centuries earlier. Saint John Vianney said that not all the saints started well, but they ended well. Around the year 400, Saint John Chrysostom preached his famous Paschal homily, the “Hieratikon,” in which he said that those who come to the feast last have a place at the table with those who fasted from the start. That is not a formula for laziness, but it is a humbling lesson in God’s mercy. Chrysostom was paraphrasing Christ, so he had a good source.
Lopez: On another matter: How are penguins morally exploited?
Rutler: I assume that this question refers to my essay on the subject in my book He Spoke to Us. That was about the publicity surrounding two male Chinstrap penguins (species Pygoscelis antarctica) named Ray and Silo in the Central Park Zoo that the New York Times, in one of its more risible articles, proposed as models for same-sex marriage in the animal kingdom. I enjoyed writing that essay, since it occasioned the satire that is the only sane response to many absurd social-engineering articles in what used to be a serious newspaper. But it is difficult to fault clowns for being clownish. The Times then went on to confuse bottlenose dolphins with killer whales, which should disqualify its editors from running an aquarium.
Lopez: How can one best discern God in people and events? Right now, this very day?
Rutler: Albert Einstein said that he was not much more intelligent than many others, but he paid more attention. I think that discerning the hand of God in events and human lives is simply a matter of paying attention. It also helps, and really is necessary, to know history in order to detect precedents in personalities and social developments. Sadly, the present age is to a large degree historically illiterate.
Lopez: Why are the stories of hymns so important?
Rutler: Great hymns, like any form of classical music, transcend time and personality, but are better appreciated by knowing the historical and biographical contexts that inspired them.
Lopez: Who was Reginald Heber and why do you call him “the brightest and best hymn writer in recent centuries”?
Rutler: He was a classical scholar of Oxford who became an Anglican missionary bishop in India and a vast sweep of land on the South Pacific. And he was a brilliant poet who wrote unsurpassed hymns in the golden dawn of the British Empire. 
Lopez: Is the hymn “When I survey this wondrous cross” important this week? What about “O sacred head, sore wounded”? Why that translation?
Rutler: The first was written by the prolific versifier, Isaac Watts, a Congregationalist of vague doctrinal commitments and a chronic invalid who found inspiration in the sufferings of Christ. Though he was a nonconformist in religion, his verses drew on the medieval mystic Saint Bernard of Clairvaux. Watts also wrote “Joy to the World” and “O God, our help in ages past.” It is a trope or poetic commentary on the events of the Passion. “O sacred head,” of course, is from Bach’s “St. Matthew Passion” which used a translation of the Cistercian poem “Salve Mundi Salutate” by a postal official in Leipzig named Henrici. The English translation I prefer is that of Robert Bridges who was poet laureate of England from 1913 to 1930. Bridges knew his Latin and replicates the right cadences.
Lopez: Do you have a favorite Easter hymn?
Rutler: Hard to choose, but as a choirboy I was imbued with the strains of “Jesus Christ is Risen Today” which was a 14th-century Bohemian carol. The text is by Nahum Tate (1652-1715) and Nicholas Brady (1659-1715).
Lopez: Do you have a favorite story of any hymn?
Rutler: There are lots of interesting stories, like that of “O Come All Ye Faithful,” which was written in Latin as “Adeste Fidelis” as late as the 18th century by English Catholics exiled in Douai, France. And then “O Come, O Come Emmanuel,” which is a clever Latin acrostic, and “Lead, Kindly Light’ written by John Henry Newman while nearly delirious with a fever on a ship carrying oranges from Italy to England. I am partial to “Lo, He Comes with Clouds Descending” simply because I recall choristers singing it when my mentor, Cuthbert Simpson, then Dean of Christ Church in Oxford, arrived in the college meadow by helicopter.
Lopez: Could The Stories of Hymns be used as a hymnal in churches? Would you even make a pitch for it?
Rutler: Well, it only has the melody lines and consists of only 100 hymns. I could write another volume with many more. But it would make the angels happier than much of the poor music we have in churches today. Even Pope Francis, who spends most of his time addressing other matters, took time recently to lament the “banality” of many modern hymns.
Lopez: You regret the existence of missalettes. Why do you feel so strongly? Is there a chance of turning around?
Rutler: Missalettes are for Christianettes. We need the songs of the saints and angels. Above all, we need to understand that the Mass itself is the greatest hymn: Vatican II said it was the song of the heavenly Jerusalem come to us. Plainchant, that is, Gregorian chant, is the signature music of the Latin Rite, and it takes precedent over all other hymnody.
Lopez: Why did Bill Buckley name his “Catholic” book Nearer, My God? Did you discuss this much with him?
Rutler: The title was his choosing. Some of our conversations are in it. The book is honest about his questions concerning the faith and is a model of his often-unappreciated humility. By his difficulties in understanding some doctrines while keeping his faith, he illustrated Newman’s maxim that “Ten thousand difficulties do not make one doubt.”
Lopez: What were his favorite hymns?
Rutler: He never mentioned any and made no provision for the music at his funeral.  I chose the hymns for the Memorial Mass at Saint Patrick’s Cathedral and thought it appropriate to include “He Who Would Valiant Be,” paraphrasing John Bunyan’s “Pilgrim’s Progress.” Particularly fitting were the lines: “Though he with giants fight / He will make good his right to be a pilgrim.” I am told that the atheist Christopher Hitchens, who attended in tribute to his late friend, sang all the hymns lustily. As a postlude, we had the third movement of Bach’s second Brandenburg Concerto, which was the theme music for Firing Line.
Lopez: What is the difference between righteous anger and the “twisting of courage” Saint Gregory of Nyssa describes?
Rutler: Righteous anger is directed at the Prince of Lies and all his works. That takes courage. When it is twisted it becomes a wasted passion. Sinful anger consists in losing temper. Righteous anger is directed at the source of all the world’s misadventures and sorrows.
Lopez: How does the Holy Spirit channel energy so we don’t spiral into sinful anger?
Rutler: By wiping away sin. The best way to turn sinful anger into righteous anger is to go to Confession. If you’ve lost your temper, Confession is where to find it.
Lopez: How was Christ a gentleman?
Rutler: Charles II said that a gentleman is one who puts those about him at ease. Christ is the Lord but, in his gentleness, he does not “Lord it over us.” Before he fed multitudes, he saw that there was grass for them to sit on in comfort. When he raised the daughter of Jairus from the dead, he gave her something to eat. Above all else, he carried the Cross instead of making us carry it for him. His stern imprecations were directed at those who would not shepherd the weak.
Lopez: One of your many books is titled A Crisis of Saints. Is that our main problem today in the world? Maybe especially in the United States? That we’re not trying to be saints? That we don’t know becoming a saint is our call? Or that we do know it, but we’re indifferent to it? How can that change?
Rutler: Sanctity is sanity. That is, a saint simply is someone who lets the Creator create through him. Sinners make good saints, once they turn around. The real enemy of holiness is mediocrity. The Book of Revelation says that “lukewarmness” makes God vomit. Saints do not seek “safe spaces” like the ill-formed “snowflakes” in our universities. Saints are the greatest of all human specimens, and it is telling and indicting that they are almost entirely ignored in what is taught in our schools today. That can change, as it always has in times of crisis, by harsh contact with reality.
Editor’s note: We’ve made a correction since posting. — Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Ah, science. If you’re even loosely engaged in the wild and dark art that is politics these days, you know by now that “science,” as a word, has taken on an almost mystical meaning. “Science,” in many of its modern incantations, now serves as a form of code, as vague and fuzzy as a Wiccan chant. For a growing number of political activists, the meaning is simple: Science, you see, is a lively mix of standard progressive hobbyhorses, tossed wild-eyed and cranky into one cantankerous bag.
Witness the upcoming March for Science, scheduled for Saturday, April 22. This also happens to be Earth Day, which is nice enough — and hey, who could object to a good old-fashioned rah-rah session for science? I, for one, always welcome a refresher on string theory, or the confounding conflict between the general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics, or that long, troubling episode in our planet’s history when a few impertinent continents apparently traipsed all the way over to the other side of the globe and no one was there to panic about it.
Alas, this March for Science does not appear to be largely about science, or about people who know a great deal about science, or even about people who want to know a great deal about science. (It would be kind of fun, in fact, to quiz earnest potential attendees about the details of the scientific method, or whether Johannes Kepler should finally win that well-deserved Oscar.) Keeping up with today’s hottest trends, the March for Science has wrapped itself in identity politics, cranked up the oven to “scorch,” and potentially set things on track to unceremoniously collapse into one giant intersectional soufflé.
The troubles brewing within the March for Science surfaced in January, marked by a now-deleted official tweet: “Colonization, racism, immigration, native rights, sexism, ableism, queer-, trans-, intersex-phobia, & econ justice are scientific issues.” Since then, the addled march has torn through four different diversity statements, shellacked by critics on both sides. (Harvard’s Steven Pinker bashed the march’s “anti-science PC/identity politics/hard-left rhetoric,” while others complained the statement didn’t go far enough.) The march’s latest set of “Diversity and Inclusion Principles,” when paired with its more shame-faced and apologetic sibling, the “Statement on Diversity and Inclusion,” tops out at over 1,000 words.
You might think that this amounts to a protest march protesting too much. But the hits keep coming. When Bill Nye, the children’s TV personality-turned-science-advocate, was announced as an honorary chair of the march last week, critics bemoaned his status as a white male. Oddly, no one seemed particularly riled up about the fact that Nye is not an actual “scientist” at all. “I was born a dorky white guy who became an engineer,” Nye told BuzzFeed, reportedly “baffled” at the brouhaha. “I’m playing the hand I was dealt. We can’t — this march can’t solve every problem at once.”
RELATED: Bill Nye’s Embarrassing Face-Off with Tucker Carlson on Climate Change
But “science,” at least according to the new dogma, can. Since the election of Donald Trump, a trendy new sign has popped up in yards across America: “In this house, we believe black lives matter, women’s rights are human rights, no human is illegal, science is real, love is love, kindness is everything.” People of various political leanings could talk for hours about some of the tenets of the sign — which specific “women’s rights” are we referring to, for instance? — but the “science is real” line confuses me every time.
What, after all, can it mean? Most likely, the line refers to anthropogenic climate change, and a beef with the Trump administration’s approach to that contentious issue. But if that’s the case, why not just have your sign say “Manmade climate change is real”? There’s clearly something else afoot, and it strikes deep into the heart of progressive politics today.
RELATED: ’March for Science’ Attempts Female Outreach, Offends by Using Word ‘Female’
Of course science is real. Earnest scientists are busy sciencing it up, right now, all over the world. In some cases, as the BBC recently reported, they’re accidentally growing chickens with actual dinosaur faces, a terrifying activity that I sincerely hope they stop. But science is not a doctrine or a dogma. It’s a method — a method of questioning, gathering facts, developing hypotheses, and testing them to get a better understanding of the world.
But here’s the thing about science: Sometimes, it’s a method that reveals answers you’d rather not know. Science might, for instance, make you think about human life, and certain facts about human life, and specific policies that end human life. It might, in fact, turn a few of the most passionately held dogmas of the supposed “party of science” — and the progressive left — completely upside down.
But never mind. Today’s march for science is apparently for the science that affirms our priors. That, after all, is much more fun.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Don’t look now, but the next big legislative battles of the Trump presidency may be just a few weeks away. Republicans must pass a budget by April 28 to avoid a partial government shutdown. Yet, as was the case during the recent failed effort to repeal and replace Obamacare, Democrats are united in opposition while Republicans are badly split.
The looming battle doesn’t concern the 2018 budget that President Trump purported to unveil a few weeks ago, which will spark a fight of its own down the road. Rather, it concerns budget business left over from last year when, unable to pass budget bills, a lame-duck Congress kicked the can down the road, passing a continuing resolution to fund the government through the end of this month. The time on that CR is now almost up, and Republicans are planning to offer an omnibus budget bill to fund the government for the rest of the year. To further complicate measures, this massive omnibus will likely be offered as an amendment to the 2017 defense-appropriations bill.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, given the direction of this Congress and administration, the most contentious issues are not likely to be the bill’s massive levels of government spending (it proposes a $15 billion increase from last year) nor the inevitable billions of hidden pork. Instead, it is smaller side issues that threaten to derail the effort to keep the government running. For instance, the Trump administration is insisting on funding to start construction of — or at least planning for — the wall it wants to build on our Mexican border, and Democrats, Republican moderates, and deficit hawks alike are balking. There will also be the usual face-offs over issues such as defunding Planned Parenthood.
While the actual impact of government shutdowns is always vastly exaggerated by the media, the optics of a shutdown would only contribute to the image of an administration in disarray. Yet a retreat by the administration from its key priorities, especially in the wake of the health-care-reform debacle, will make it look weak, imperiling the rest of its agenda.
EDITORIAL: Trump’s Unrealistic Budget
And if Republicans do manage to paper over their differences long enough to get through this fight, they will almost immediately have to face up to another budget issue — the debt ceiling. The federal government actually exceeded its $18.15 trillion borrowing limit some time ago. But, in a bipartisan pre-election ducking of responsibility last October, Congress “suspended” the limit until March of this year. Since then, the Treasury Department has been engaging in a variety of bookkeeping gimmicks to avoid default, such as postponing contributions to government pension funds and borrowing from a pool of funds that the government sets aside to manage exchange-rate fluctuations. While the government can probably keep using such “extraordinary measures” through summer, Congress will eventually have to deal with the issue. Expect Democrats to suddenly rediscover concern over the national debt, while the Freedom Caucus has already indicated that it will want concessions in exchange for agreeing to raise the ceiling.
After that comes the battle over Trump’s 2018 budget, with its big increase in defense spending and offsetting cuts to domestic programs. Almost nobody is enthused by that plan. There’s also the president’s $1 trillion infrastructure plan to consider. Oh, and tax reform.
All of this budget maneuvering comes shortly after the Congressional Budget Office released an alarming new report warning that the national debt will double as a share of the national economy by mid-century. Interest payments on the debt will rise from $270 billion in 2017 to $768 billion in 2027, with catastrophic consequences for President Trump’s agenda of economic and job growth. According to the CBO, the rising tide of red ink will shrink economic growth by 3 percent from the current baseline. As a result, the average American will be $4,000 poorer by 2047.
Trump has had a tough first few weeks in office; if he thinks it’s about to get easier, he’s in for a rude awakening.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Springtime may be in bloom, but snowflakes never go out of season at America’s most prestigious colleges and universities.
Quivering students at the University of Notre Dame launched a protest last week against the school’s decision to invite Vice President Mike Pence as commencement speaker. Activist Imanne Mondane told the campus newspaper that she and her peers felt “unsafe” and threatened by “someone who openly is offensive but also demeaning of their humanity and of their life and of their identity.”
In other words: The mere presence of a public official whose policy positions veer from acceptable left-wing norms is a public-safety hazard.
At Wichita State University, the student government voted to refuse official recognition of the libertarian Young Americans for Liberty group because it supports — gasp! — the First Amendment. Since other chapters of the group across the country have invited controversial conservative speakers to their campuses, the Kansas safe-spacers argued, it would be “dangerous” to allow them to operate in Kansas.
And at Duquesne University, students have now declared that welcoming a Chick-fil-A on campus would put their “safe place” at “risk” because the founders of the fast-food company defended traditional marriage.
What the cluck? These Millennial chicken littles have grown softer than the insides of waffle fries.
While they hype the existential dangers of exposure to discomfiting ideological dissent, the bubble-wrapped brigade ignores the real menaces in the academy.
Take vengeful Fresno State professor Lars Maischak. He’s been on the loose on social media, tweeting earlier this year that “Trump must hang.” Just to be clear, he added: “The sooner and the higher, the better.” In retaliation against the administration’s crackdown on illegal immigration, Maischak proclaimed, “two Republicans” should be “executed” for “each deported immigrant.”
Using the hashtag “#TheResistance,” Maischak tweeted: “Has anyone started soliciting money and design drafts for a monument honoring the Trump assassin, yet?”
The unhinged academic also tweeted a photo of a bullet with the caption: “Finally discovered! A cure for racism. Take one, administered straight to the cranium.”
I can’t say “lock and load” or do the “Charlie’s Angels” finger gun pose without being accused of inciting violence. But this assassination-obsessed loon can tweet his twisted heart out on Twitter with impunity. (Where’s that Twitter Safety Council when you need it?) Of course, Maischak denies harboring any hatred and claims he’s the innocent target of a “digital lynch-mob.”
Meanwhile, real mobs set fire to U.C. Berkeley to protest speaker Milo Yiannopoulos, injured a professor at Middlebury College while hounding conservative speaker Charles Murray off campus, and assaulted conservative speaker and Vice Media co-founder Gavin McInnes at New York University.
As Manhattan Institute scholar and The War on Cops author Heather Mac Donald recounted in City Journal, she became “the target of such silencing tactics two days in a row last week” at Claremont McKenna College and UCLA. Baying protesters chanted, “We are here to shut down the f***ing fascist” and “From Oakland to Greece, f*** the police.” She was forced to livestream her talk from an empty room while agitators pounded on the windows outside. Then she was whisked away in an unmarked Claremont Police Department van.
Who’s unsafe on campus? The social-justice mobsters play victim but wield bloodied brass knuckles in the ivory tower against any and all who threaten their orthodoxy and power.
— Michelle Malkin is the host of Michelle Malkin Investigates on CRTV.com. Her e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
Rice University has decided to stop using the term “master” to describe the heads of its residential colleges over concerns that the word is associated with slavery.
The school will instead use the term “magister,” a classical Latin word meaning “teacher,” according to an April 6 memo from school officials as reported by the College Fix.
“It conveys the traditional role and duties of the people holding this position, without the negative historical connotation of the word ‘master,’” Dean of Undergraduates John Hutchinson stated in the memo. “We believe that ‘college magister’ holds true to our cultural roots, while eliminating the concerns and confusion about the previous title.”
Now, Hutchinson specifically mentions the “historical connotation” of the word, but it’s important to note that this “historical connotation” that some students were perceiving is very different from its actual history. As the school newspaper, the Rice Thresher, notes, the college began using the term in 1956, when it moved to a residential system based on the systems at Harvard and Yale — both of which “had adopted the residential system housing system as well as the term ‘master’ from Oxford and Cambridge.”
“At Oxford, the use of the term ‘master’ may have originated as a shorthand for ‘headmaster’ or ‘schoolmaster,” the Thresher explains.
(As the College Fix notes, Yale, Harvard, and Princeton have all already stopped using the term for the same reasons.)
Normally, when we talk about the “historical connotation” of a word being offensive, we talk about it having an offensive origin or that it’s a word that has been uniquely linked to something that’s problematic. For example, feminists often decry any use of the word “hysterical” because it comes from the Greek hysterikos, which means “of the womb” or “suffering in the womb,” and people used to use it to attribute a woman’s psychological distress to her having a uterus. That was the specific use of the word; it was never used to describe men. Personally, I have no problem with the use of “hysterical,” because it has since evolved to apply to a whole host of other scenarios, and getting offended by a word based on what it used to uniquely apply to seems a little insane to me.
But this “master” situation is even more insane, because you cannot even make the case that the word was uniquely associated with slavery. Yes, it describes having control or authority over another (derived from the late Old English word mægester, which means exactly that) and that does describe the power dynamics of slavery, but it hasn’t been used uniquely for that purpose. It does, however, have a long history of being used in the context of academic authority in particular; it was used to describe “a degree conveying authority to teach in the universities” in the late 14th century. So basically, there’s a push to stop using a word to describe an academic authority that has roots in being used to describe specifically academic authority.
Today, the word “master” is used in so, so many different contexts other than slavery. Think about it: The Masters, master bedroom, MasterChef. (Perhaps we should change those names as well? I nominate “Big Golf Thing,” “the biggest bedroom in the house bedroom” and “The Chef That Is the Best Chef Out of All These Chef Contestants,” just to, you know, avoid any potential “negative connotations.”) Oh, and “mastermind.” I guess we had better start saying “the mind that had the most to do with the thing.” The word “master” can describe having talent in pretty much any area — are all of these uses going to become offensive, too? The word “master” plays such a large role in the English language — just how much are we going to have to change our current dictionary?
There are also so many words other than master that could be considered offensive based on this standard. For example, people with slaves were also called “slave owners,” which, if you notice, has the word “owner” in it. The exact same logic that’s leading Rice and other colleges to get rid of the word “master” would also demand that words and phrases such as “homeowner,” “pet owner,” and “girl, own it!” be changed — and, sorry, but I really don’t think I’ll ever refer to myself as “a possessor of a pet.”
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If you’ll forgive the self-indulgence, let me start by sharing a few things about my professional life since Donald Trump won the Republican presidential nomination, in no particular order. Every day, on social media, I am attacked, dismissed, or otherwise declared an illegitimate analyst or fake conservative because of my criticisms of President Trump, even if I include praise or beneficial context.
During the election season, I lost large sums of money — large to me, anyway — because I had to turn down speeches in which I was expected to be a de facto surrogate for the Republican point of view. My appearances on Fox News have dropped precipitously. It’s not a ban or anything like that. It’s just an unavoidable fact that the way a lot of cable news works is you have a person defending the incumbent administration and a person criticizing it. I’m ill-suited for many of these debates, because I don’t fit in the obvious grooves. Some friends of National Review complain about me, including donors. Just a couple weeks ago, a prominent Republican politician chewed me out for the better part of an hour because of my criticisms of President Trump.
I could go on like this for pages, but you get the point. Or maybe you don’t. So let me explain. I offer this seeming tale of woe not out of self-pity or a desire for yours. This is the life I’ve chosen, to paraphrase Hyman Roth in The Godfather II. Indeed, I should add that I’ve also heard from hundreds of readers, peers, friends, colleagues, and more than a few politicians thanking me for my efforts to combat the attempt to redefine conservatism as mere nationalism or Trumpism.
I have written literally tens of thousands of words explaining that I will criticize Trump when I think it warranted and praise him when warranted as well. I won’t let him make me a hack or a liar. I think I’ve done a pretty good job sticking to that policy (and so has National Review).
Which brings me to the left-wing polemicist Rick Perlstein. He has a big essay in the latest New York Times Magazine. It begins with some typical bragging about his role as a historian of conservatism and some table setting about how conservatives tried to stop Trump. He then quotes me:
Perlstein doesn’t explicitly say that I (or National Review) “quickly embraced” Trump, but the insinuation is (Perlstein has a gift for snotty insinuations) that I am emblematic of this sudden, hypocritical transformation. For the reasons stated above, this came as news to me.
Now I’ve never taken Perlstein very seriously and I see little reason to start now. I’ve long known he dislikes me (he recently whined on Facebook about the outrage of NPR having me on), but he’s known for disliking conservatives generally and letting that tribal partisanship infect almost everything he writes (which is why he’s so popular with the Left). In short, who cares?
But Perlstein is writing this for the New York Times, and I think it offers a really good insight into the way the Times — and much of the mainstream media — has jettisoned so much credibility in the age of Trump.
For starters, Perlstein’s insinuation — that my declaration that “Never Trump” is over represents some kind of “embrace” of Trump — isn’t just wrong, it is breathtakingly dishonest. The very article he’s quoting from has the sub-headline: “The Never Trump movement is over, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to stop criticizing Trump when he deserves it.”
I also described precisely what Perlstein is doing in his embarrassing essay:
I then go on to criticize the Trump-can-do-no-wrong crowd, which I’ve been doing since Election Day. Not only that, I’ve attacked the tendency of many people on the right to fall back into the political safe harbor of anti-anti-Trumpism. I’ve also been criticizing Trump. A few headlines:
“Trump Is Taking the Bannon Way, and It Will End in Disaster”
“Trump’s Rhetoric on Russia Throws the U.S. under the Bus”
“The Right Can’t Defend Trump’s Behavior”
“The False Prophecy of the Presidential Pivot”
“The President Is This Presidency’s Worst Enemy”
I could go on of course. But there are three points worth making. First, Perlstein’s essay is titled, “I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong.” The funny part is he can’t even figure out why Trump proved him wrong. He entirely misunderstands — either out of blinkered partisanship, personal animosity, simple obtuseness, or all three — my own position, even when he quotes from articles that describe my position. He started with a thesis and then went rummaging about for random sentences that would support it. He then uses this misunderstanding as a window on the American Right generally. It’s like he confused a clock for a compass and for the life of him can’t figure out why he’s walking in circles.
Second, there’s Perlstein’s larger “argument” — which prattles on about how the modern Right is descended from the Klan, blah, blah, blah. It’s mostly so much indictment-padding and guilt by tenuous association. I particularly love his insinuation that Father Coughlin was a right-winger (a topic I’ve written about at length). In brief: Coughlin supported FDR, saying the New Deal was “Christ’s Deal,” and the Roosevelt administration welcomed his support. It was only after FDR moved too far to the right that Coughlin broke with Roosevelt.
Now, I do think Perlstein has some points on his side when he says that Trump has tapped into various streams of American nativism — a point I’ve actually written about and a practice I’ve condemned. But Perlstein, whose whole career amounts to little more than “discovering” new evidence of conservative racism, is a poor source to rely on when he — once again — discovers new evidence of conservative racism.
Lastly, there is the matter of the New York Times. I actually got a call from their fact checker for this article. It was a strange conversation because all he seemed to want to confirm was that I had written the quotes Perlstein used. Since I knew Perlstein was writing the essay, and knowing of his animosity toward me (which I informed the fact checker about) and Perlstein’s general dishonesty, I went on to explain what I meant by Never Trump being over. He listened for a few moments and then informed me that this call wasn’t really about fact checking; it was just a “courtesy call.”
That’s weird, I thought. Weirder still, the fact checker did not ask me if I actually “embraced” Trump or if Perlstein’s spin about my position was remotely accurate. Apparently confirming that someone didn’t steal my byline was all the “fact” checker needed to do. (I sent him an e-mail this morning asking if he had recorded the conversation and if I could have a copy. He said he didn’t, which is unfortunate.)
Of course, one can make too much of this. But I do think it’s remarkable that Perlstein’s editors and the fact checker never bothered to figure out if the example setting the premise of the whole article was actually, you know, a fact — or even a remotely reasonable interpretation. My only conclusion is that confirmation bias runs so strong at The New York Times Magazine (and journalistic curiosity so weak) that they didn’t see the need.
There’s an irony to Perlstein’s title: “I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong.” No, Perlstein proved that all by himself, Trump just put fresh light on that fact. More to the point, Perlstein and his editors seem remarkably uninterested in actually figuring out why he — and they — were wrong. They’d rather peddle the same self-serving story they’ve been telling all along.
I’d demand an apology and a retraction, but that would require the Times to understand a perspective outside their bubble. They’ve already demonstrated that’s too much to ask.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO.



ARTICLE
Our so-called constitutional conservatives treat the national charter the way a certain kind of Christian treats the Bible: They like to carry around copies of it, to wave it at their rivals, to talk about it, and to treat it as a kind of magic item — but if you should suggest they actually read it or apply it, well, that sounds awfully idealistic.
It is painful, and a little embarrassing, to listen to conservatives try to rationalize President Donald Trump’s plainly illegal attack on the government of murderous Syrian caudillo Bashar al-Assad. Each rationalization is shallower and sillier than the last.
First, the Trump apologists insist that what has happened is not “war” but merely . . . something else; that it is — here’s one of those words people use when they want to sound smart —”measured.” Put another way: “Well, Your Honor, think of all the money I didn’t embezzle from the church’s fund for orphans.” Conservatives here are offering the same defense of President Trump that Whoopi Goldberg offered for Roman Polanski: War, but not war war. As my colleague Charles C. W. Cooke pointed out — and it shouldn’t need pointing out — there would not be any question of whether a foreign power’s firing 59 missiles into a U.S. military installation constituted an act of war. Anyone who suggested otherwise would be rightly mocked.
This matters, because the Constitution invests Congress — not the president — with the power to decide whether to go to war. This isn’t a question of some obscure provision such as the emoluments clause — it is clearly spelled out in Article I. The language is unequivocal. It is so obvious that it has reduced some conservatives to arguing that Congress’s constitutional power to declare war is no limit on the president’s power to make war. Put another way: “None of the Ten Commandments explicitly says you cannot break the Ten Commandments.” This is risible sophistry on the Clinton model.
Others argue that the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional. Perhaps, but if it is, it is because it delegates too much power to the president — power that the Constitution explicitly invests in Congress. It is worth considering that the War Powers Resolution was adopted to constrain executive military ambition, and that none of its criteria licensing immediate executive action with subsequent congressional consultation — an attack on the United States, on U.S. possessions abroad, or on U.S. forces — applies in the matter of Syria. But if you believe that the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional, then you should be working for its repeal in Congress or its voiding by the Supreme Court.
As the federal courts felt it necessary to make plain to President Barack Obama and his administration: “The president and federal agencies may not ignore statutory mandates or prohibitions merely because of policy disagreement with Congress.” Some on the Right have argued that the separation of powers in effect renders the president above the law, that he cannot be made subordinate to statute. The absurd implications of this would including the president’s being immune from Supreme Court rulings as well.
Still others have said that the president’s attack on Syria is justified because Syria violated international law by using chemical weapons. But treaties and international agreements require enabling legislation if they are to have any legal force in the matter of U.S. government operations. International accords on chemical weapons do not preempt Article 1 of the Constitution. Neither does the Chemical Weapons Implementation Act, which in putting U.S. law into the service of the Chemical Weapons Convention tasks the State Department and the Treasury Department with various duties, but has no effect on Congress’s war powers. Until five minutes ago, conservatives were nearly unanimous in scoffing at the notion that international law or foreign law ought to be considered dispositive — if it is considered at all — in the domestic context. Some of the more energetic partisans on the right wanted judges impeached for citing foreign law. Now, suddenly, they are converts.
Others say that the president must “send a message,” as though that were a general war license, or complain that President Obama did more, as though his eight years of abusing presidential power ought to be considered the proper precedent. And some cite the long-standing Authorization for Use of Military Force passed in response to 9/11, as though that were a warrant to make war on any country with a Muslim resident — and, in the case of Syria, to fight in service of the Islamic State and sundry jihadists.
One of the things that are supposed to distinguish conservatives from progressives — and once did — is an abiding respect for, even a cherishing of, process. Woodrow Wilson and his ilk despised the Constitution, just as our would-be political-speech police despise it today, because it stands in the way of what they believe to be the right thing. And no doubt it sometimes does stand in the way of the right thing — the point of the Constitution is to create a political order with a particular character, not to ensure that we get our preferred outcome in every federal matter. To see conservatives adopt the outcome-above-order attitude in a matter as important as launching a preemptive war in Syria is dispiriting.
Congressional Republicans have two choices: One, they can censure the president and insist that no further action be taken without legal authorization. Two, they can stop calling themselves “constitutional conservatives,” because those who knuckle under now are no such thing.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
It’s been nearly ten years since audiences were treated to a Dave Chappelle stand-up comedy special. But now, thanks in part to Netflix, Dave is back. Chappelle’s special, The Age of Spin, filmed at the Hollywood Palladium, is an uproariously funny look at a range of subjects, from his meetings with O. J. Simpson, to his experiences in Hollywood — as well as what some would say are taboo topics, such as rape, transgenderism, and homosexuality.
It is these last three subjects that have raised the ire of social-justice warriors to thermonuclear levels. Early in the show, Chappelle recounts his first meeting with O. J. Simpson. Chappelle notes that Simpson’s “soon to be slain wife” was with him. When he hears some of the audience react somewhat negatively to that comment, Chappelle remarks, “Ladies and gentlemen, man the f*** up or you’re not going to make it through the end of this show.”
Naturally, the rest of his material is just as edgy, and many an audience member or viewer (myself included) will find himself asking, “Did I just laugh at that?” But the realization that you’re laughing at what Chappelle says is a testament to his skill as a comedian — not a reflection of your worldview or opinion about the subjects in question. Those who refer to Chappelle’s comedy as “homophobic, transphobic, misogynistic rants” and ignorantly claim that he shouldn’t be “allowed” to joke about those subjects suffer from two conditions:
1. They have no understanding of what a comedian’s goal for his audience is.
2. They feel that they’re the arbiters of what subjects are worthy of laughter and what is off limits.
People tend to make comedy complicated. In an article critical of Chappelle’s show, Shannon Lee of The Establishment writes:
Moral responsibility? Comedians are not philosophers or sociologists. Their job is to tell jokes. A comic’s goal isn’t to concern himself with societal norms but instead to connect with an audience and make people laugh. Not all comedians are “provocative.” Comedians such as Jim Gaffigan, Brian Regan, and Jerry Seinfeld get their audiences laughing and discussing what otherwise might be considered mundane topics such as family life, travel, and marriage. Having watched stand-up comedy for 30 years (when I was growing up in New Jersey, a local cable station broadcast taped shows from Rascal’s Comedy Club in West Orange) and knowing several comics myself, I can say that they’ll all tell you there’s no greater fear they have than an audience that doesn’t laugh at their material.
As for the subjects of comedy, it does not fall on the shoulders of the perpetually outraged to dictate what topics are worthy of humor. Comedy, like all other forms of art, is subjective. Some people don’t find Jerry Seinfeld discussing walking around an airport or flying on a plane funny. And while I suppose Amy Schumer talking about the smell of her vagina is meant to be provocative, I don’t find it funny at all. Comedy is subjective, so to each his own. That said, there’s nothing edgy about Schumer’s jokes.
Much of the anger directed at Chappelle revolves around a bit where he’s pretending to pitch two Hollywood types on a mediocre superhero who can unleash his powers only after lightly touching a woman’s vulva. The superhero in question is very unattractive and women refuse to give their consent. Thus, he needs to resort to raping women to save others. A critic, Lux Alptraum, wrote in response:
Alptraum completely misses the point. Chappelle is not asking his audience to consider anything. He’s relaying a non-existent anecdote about an absurd pitch he made up on the spot. That the two bozos he’s pitching to think what they’re hearing is a good idea for a movie is the punchline to the joke.
Comedy, ultimately, is a form of art. It will always be subjective, with opinions varying significantly. As with other forms of art, it is up to the consumer to decide what he likes (or doesn’t). The self-appointed guardians of what comedians are “allowed” to joke about may hold themselves up as virtuous, but all they’re really doing is telling people, such as Dave Chappelle, to shut up.
— Jay Caruso, a lifelong Yankees fan, is the assistant managing editor at RedState and a co-host of the politics and culture podcast, The Fifth Estate.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Perhaps it is a function of spring, and of the irrepressible perseverance of hope, which even motionless in the heart of darkness cannot be extinguished, that I cautiously predict the beginnings of a return to functioning government in Washington. The whole country and much of the world hopes for an end to 20 years of gridlock, chronic fiscal mismanagement, absurd wars generating gigantic humanitarian crises and large strategic gains for the enemies of the West, in particular Iran, and debased domestic politics in which each change of regime in the White House and Congress seemed to make things worse and not better.
It would have been hard to foresee that such a simple act as firing 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base where gas attacks on Syrian civilians, ordered by the Syrian president, originated would have had the halcyon effect that it has had on the whole unruly Washington circus. It has been so long since a president acted effectively and decisively in the national interest by using American military strength that the confidence of the country and the world in the efficacy of the American military had declined. Apart from the execution of Osama bin Laden, American military force had not visibly been successfully deployed since the surge in Iraq ten years ago.
It was grim and depressing to see the video revenances from the Obama red-line fiasco, the claim of a great achievement in eliminating all of Syria’s sarin-gas stocks without having to fire a shot. We all knew at the time it was an illusion, but the pictures of the child victims of the latest Assad atrocity were not merely horrifying in themselves, they were also a somber reminder of the terminal enfeeblement and mendacity of the Obama-Clinton-Kerry slapstick foreign-policy team.
That fiasco was of a piece with Susan Rice’s righteous explanation that the murder of the American ambassador and other officials in Benghazi in 2012 was provoked by a “heinous” anti-Islamist Internet video produced by an anti-Islamist American private citizen. We all knew that that was a falsehood, too, but Susan Rice was the preferred candidate of the then-president to be secretary of state. She was disqualified by this whopper, not that the ultimate nominee (John Kerry) was remotely adequate. It was with all of them a foreign policy based on deliberate weakness and the doctrine of Mr. Obama’s, as the egregious Tom Friedman of the New York Times fawningly called it, that if we treated enemy countries as friends they would be magically transformed into friends.
No one expects that the attack last week will reform Assad’s behavior (it is only seven years since Hillary Clinton called him “a reformer”), but it has sent the message that the long night of delusional altruism and deliberate weakness in American foreign and security policy is over. It has also helped create the only circumstances in which relations between the United States and Russia can be put back on a sound foundation after the shambles of the Obama-Biden-Clinton “reset.”
I wrote here several weeks ago of the promising meeting of the chairmen of the joint chiefs of staff of the United States, Russia, and Turkey, on March 9, and of the emerging policy of Turkey replacing Iran as a power in Syria and of a division of government within Syria between Assad and the Western-sponsored secular moderates. For this to have any possibility of success, Russia will have to grasp the fact that the goodwill and cooperation of the United States is worth more to it than its obscene friendship with Iran, insofar as such a quarrel among thieves could be so described. The basis of such an arrangement would likely be the joint effort against ISIS, expulsion of Iran from Syria, a partition between Assad-ruled areas and Western-sponsored government zones, resettlement of refugees, recognition of Russian occupation of Crimea, the end of sanctions on Russia, a complete end of Russian harassment of Ukraine, and a joint guarantee of Ukraine’s borders. Ukraine would refrain from entering NATO but would be able to join the European Union when its progress at self-government made it eligible.
Practically, the airstrike did not accomplish much, but psychologically and tactically it sent a uniformly clear message to all relevant centers of opinion, foreign and domestic. It did attract broad public and political support. Some of the highbrow conservative Never Trumpers, such as William Kristol, acknowledged the appropriateness of the measure. Some of the rabidly hostile media rallied admirably, such as Fareed Zakaria, a die-hard Obama enthusiast, who said that Trump had behaved like a president. Of course the incorrigibles continued; Rachel Maddow on MSNBC found a guest to estimate at somewhere between 2 and 50 percent the chances that the entire raid was rigged up between Trump and Putin. I didn’t catch his name and shortly after his lips began moving I determined that I did not want to know his name. It is hard not to wonder where Maddow finds such people and what level of maladjustment she must have achieved in order to inflict such nonsense on the diminutive knot of her viewers.
The apparently civilized meeting with the president of China and the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, all on the same day, restored the impression of a determined president moving quickly. It is a distinct step forward to be done with the filibuster, an antediluvian invention of southern Democrats to prevent the passage of anti-lynching laws, and a procedural obstacle that has been terribly abused for decades. All 52 Republicans held for Gorsuch, three Democrats defected, and the new justice will ensure, among other things, the failure of the putsch the Democrats mounted — with the assistance of carefully shopped, flaky, left-wing West Coast judges — to emasculate the president’s powers in matters of immigration.
There cannot be much left of the campaigns to represent Trump as a sexist or racist or autocrat or isolationist, or as someone about whom the New York Times’s ineffable Nicholas Kristof detected “a whiff of treason,” over the nonsensical Russian allegations. It is hard now to remember the march of angry women when President Trump was inaugurated or even to remember what they were angry about, or why Madonna wanted to “blow up the White House,” or Representative Maxine Waters wanted to impeach Trump. The famous headgear for the mass women’s demonstrations, which sold for $20 at the time to the saps at the marches, is now being remaindered at 95 cents.
The discomfort of the Democrats over the cloudy but persistent evidence of surveillance of Trump Tower has seriously muted their previous affected militancy on the bogus issue of Trump–Russia collusion. It has all become absurd, as chairman Devin Nunes of the House Intelligence Committee has dutifully stepped aside to permit an inquiry into the propriety of his informing the public and the president of evidence of improper surveillance of the president’s campaign. So there is now an investigation of Nunes’s investigation of the Obama investigation and surveillance of the Trump campaign’s fictitious collusion with Russia. These investigations, so fatuously hyped by most of the media, have been piled on top of each other even though there is no evidence to embarrass the president.
In the spirit of the season, I embrace the hope that the whole thunderhead of confected indignation will dissolve soon, that the Democrats will stop boycotting the administration and help to make the system work after these 20 lean years, and that Donald Trump will be able to enact the program that he promised, addressing decades of stagnation in many public-policy areas. Taxes and whatever is feasible in health care should be next. The country and the world need to see that the American system works after all. Perhaps I am intoxicated by the anticipated scent of the magnolias, but I dare to hope that even infected elements of the national media may rediscover the joys of professionalism and of practicing their craft with integrity. This is now the American dream — effective government reported by a responsible press, after a prolonged agony of depressed sleeplessness.
— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and Flight of the Eagle: The Grand Strategies That Brought America from Colonial Dependence to World Leadership.
EDITORS’ NOTE: Mr. Black is headed overseas. His column will return in three weeks.



ARTICLE
Susan Rice is the real version of Woody Allen’s cinematic character Zelig, who in the movie of the same name popped up almost anywhere as an expert on anything.
As U.N. ambassador from 2009 to 2013, and later as National Security Adviser from 2013 to 2017, Rice seemed to have turned up everywhere there was an Obama-administration implosion. She was always eager to offer a supposedly expert assessment — one that also always proved wrong or untrue or both.
Rice, along with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Samantha Power, had a major role in the disastrous Libyan bombing decision and its wasteland aftermath.
As U.N. ambassador, she helped the U.N. draft resolutions establishing no-fly-zones and humanitarian aid to curb the violence against Arab Spring protestors. But such U.N. policies were immediately contorted into an active military role when the U.S. and allies supplied direct air support to anti-Qaddafi ground forces. The allied bombing to overthrow Qaddafi gave some credence to Russian complaints that Rice had deceived them about the true intent of the resolutions, which were really used by the Obama administration to facilitate French, British, and American efforts to achieve regime change in Libya.
The later Benghazi disaster and the subsequent false narrative of a video-inspired spontaneous riot — aimed at advancing the “al-Qaeda on the run” talking point central to Obama’s reelection campaign —were her most infamous moments of deceit. That fake-news effort eventually led to the unjustifiable imprisonment of the scapegoat (and otherwise shady character) Nakoula Basseley Nakoula on suddenly trumped-up enforcement of his parole violation. Rice’s well-publicized untruth, while helpful to Obama’s reelection effort, was not benign: It obscured the disturbing circumstances in which four brave Americans died.
Yet, to be fair, it is difficult to know whether Rice was a seasoned architect of that duplicity. Given her reputation as a useful naïf and loyal fall person, perhaps she was easily manipulated into going on five Sunday shows to mislead and distort. Her subordinate Ben Rhodes needed a vessel to assure the nation that the Benghazi attacks were not due to administration policy failures, and Rice was deemed the ideal vehicle to spread that myth.
And the fable of the supposedly honorable Bowe Bergdahl (currently facing Pentagon charges of desertion)?
Rice was there, too. To prop up an unhinged trade of five terrorists at Guantanamo for an AWOL soldier, Rice falsely claimed that Bergdahl had “served with honor and distinction.” Then she trumped that with a quite unnecessary fillip: “Sergeant Bergdahl wasn’t simply a hostage; he was an American prisoner of war captured on the battlefield.” Left unsaid was that a number of American soldiers were killed as a result of efforts to find his walkabout whereabouts.
Again, note always the weird but characteristic Rice emphatics: Just as she did not go on one show but five to disseminate Benghazi falsehoods, so too it was not enough just to leave Bergdahl’s story at “honor and distinction” without the added “captured on the battlefield” nonsense. Unfortunately, she can be counted on to give a tough, no-holds-barred confirmation of something false — on the logic that bogusness gains credibility the louder and stronger it is expressed.
The Iran deal? Rice was there, too.
Just a few months before American hostages in Iran were released upon receipt of a hushed nocturnal shipment of $400 million in international currencies (a fact hidden from the public for months, given that it seemed to have coincided with the real and final full implementation of the Iran deal), Rice had assured the country that just the opposite would occur:
“Bargaining chip” was Rice’s phrase, not that of the opponents of the deal. But notably, on prior occasions, skeptics had feared that Iran would indeed use the hostages as a “bargaining chip” traded for concessions, only to later release them secretly under false premises of not being linked to the deal. All of which happened.
Observers have been perplexed about the apparent omnipresence of the Sarin-gas depots in Syria that prompted the recent American strike. Again, it is always wise to find out the reality on the ground by first referencing anything that Susan Rice might have said in the past on the topic — and then assuming its exact opposite. When asked just 90 days ago about Syria’s supposedly nonexistent WMD, Rice reaffirmed to the nation: “We were able to get the Syrian government to voluntarily and verifiably give up its chemical-weapons stockpile.”
“Verifiably”? How would we verify? By trusting the word of Bashar al-Assad? The assurances of Vladimir Putin? The assumption of U.N. monitors that they had full access to the Assad inventories?
The best spin on Rice’s characteristic deception is that she was offering a defense of outgoing Obama policies that were likely to be attacked in the same way that she herself had attacked Bush policies in the early days of the Obama administration. The least charitable interpretation is that she and others assumed there were no guarantees that Assad had given up his WMDs, and she was simply counting on the likelihood that Assad would not use chemical weapons with an unpredictable Trump in the White House.
A characteristic of Rice’s rhetorical gymnastics is that she usually advances the least logical, least empirical, and most easily refuted assumption as the party line.
When Rice was initially asked by Andrea Mitchell about disclosures that she, acting as some sort of White House investigator, had made formal requests to unmask Americans found on intelligence intercepts and that she had leaked the results, she assured the country that she knew nothing about that: “I know nothing about this.”
Yet just days later she seemed to contradict that very assertion: “It was not uncommon. It was necessary at times to make those requests.” Surely she must have known that her contradictory statements could soon be refuted or affirmed with documentation that is now in the hands of congressional investigatory committees.
Her assertions about the removal of Assad’s chemical weapons were easily contradicted by their use; so, too, her denials of unmasking will be refuted — not by right-wing zealots but by documents themselves. Her contortions remind us why Representative Devin Nunes, in such a general climate of omnipresent distrust, chose to go public about what he had discovered, noting that the facts were at odds with what theretofore had been universally claimed and so often leaked.
And the Rice denial statement is, by design, enigmatic: “There was no such collection or surveillance on Trump Tower or Trump individuals, it is important to understand, directed by the White House, or targeted at Trump individuals.”
The assertion and its qualifiers may allow enough wiggle room to claim that Trump people were in fact surveilled but were not initially the target of that effort. The lawyerly phrasing could also suggest that the surveillance was ordered by people in the Obama administration but not by those who were literally in the “White House” in the sense of the president with his pen and phone at his desk in the Oval Office.
In sum, almost anywhere there was a major Obama deception on foreign policy, Rice appeared the counter Forrest Gump of our era.
In some sense, this habit was not entirely new. Years earlier when she worked for the Clinton administration, Rice, even as a less influential advisor, was sent out to assure the country that our embassies, after the attacks in Kenya and Tanzania, had nonetheless maintained a high degree of security. In her capacity as an Africa expert, she was reportedly instrumental in persuading Clinton to decline the Sudanese offer of delivering bin Laden to the U.S.
Why Rice repeatedly was a go-to person, given such a dismal record, is mystifying — and given that her subordinate “Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Adviser for Strategic Communications and Speechwriting” Ben Rhodes played a more prominent role in forming the intellectual architecture of the video apologia for Benghazi (“the protests are rooted in an Internet video and not a broad failure of policy”) and in crafting the “echo chamber” strategy to mislead the country and sell the Iran deal.
Rarely in any administration has one person so willingly assumed the role of scapegoat and fall person. When Rice’s assertions are easily refuted, her supporters usually fall back on boilerplate charges of racism and sexism. Yet other equally high-ranking minority advisers and officials in the Obama administration, such as Loretta Lynch and Valerie Jarrett, always successfully avoided most scandals. They did so, for example during the WikiLeaks disclosures on Team Clinton, perhaps because, as far savvier old hands, they knew how to navigate around rather than wade into media frenzy.
All this and more returns us to the original question: Is Rice’s chronic deception socio-pathological?
Or is she more a tragic figure, whose outsized ego was manipulated by the Obama administration to ensure that she was on spec, wheeled out as its most devoted apologist, the most practiced in the arts of deception, the most media-hungry, and the most likely to be exempt from criticism?
If the former, she needs help.
If the latter, it just didn’t work. And she will eventually pay a high but unique price not shared by either her superiors or subordinates, who may have been equally (or more) culpable for the scandals in which she so often found herself.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of The Second World Wars: How the First Global Conflict Was Fought and Won, to appear in October from Basic Books.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: In the current issue of National Review, we have a piece by Jay Nordlinger on Vladimir Kara-Murza, the Russian democracy leader. This week in his Impromptus, Mr. Nordlinger is expanding that piece. For yesterday’s installment, Part I, go here.
So, as we’ve said, Boris Nemtsov was murdered — shot in the back on February 27, 2015, about 200 yards from the Kremlin walls. Who killed him? Who did it?
Kara-Murza gives a long answer. But it comes down to this: He can’t tell you who pulled the trigger or triggers — who the triggerman or triggermen were. But, in his mind, there is no doubt about who is ultimately responsible: Putin and his regime.
I ask a very awkward question: Did they make a mistake? Did Nemtsov’s murder backfire on them? Kara-Murza says that he will return a very awkward answer: No, they did not make a mistake. “They knew whom they were killing. From their point of view, they did exactly the right thing.”
Nemtsov was by far the most effective opposition leader in Russia, Kara-Murza explains. He could talk to anyone, from heads of state to the man on the street — most any street. He could enter a hall full of people hostile to him, and come out with many new friends.
“There is a saying that no one is irreplaceable,” Kara-Murza notes. “But Boris was unique. It’s hard to imagine that he can be replaced.” Nemtsov’s murder was a huge blow to the Russian democracy movement, and to Kara-Murza personally.
“My life is divided into before and after February 27, 2015,” he says. Before and after Nemtsov’s murder.
Three months after the murder, Kara-Murza was poisoned. One by one, his organs shut down. The experience was, needless to say, terrifying and brutal. Kara-Murza was shuttled from hospital to hospital, as doctors tried to figure out what was going on.
Finally, they realized that Kara-Murza had been attacked by a poison — one of an extremely sophisticated nature.
When he was able, Kara-Murza resumed his work. Yet there was always a threat over his shoulder. In early 2016, for example, Putin’s man in Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, did something charming. He posted to his Instagram page a video showing two men in the crosshairs of a sniper. Those men were two Putin critics: Mikhail Kasyanov, a former prime minister, and Kara-Murza.
Kara-Murza made a film about Nemtsov. He felt he had to do it, in order to counter the Kremlin’s constant propaganda against the late leader. He was screening the film in various Russian cities when he was poisoned the second time.
“When the symptoms began, I knew,” he says. “I didn’t want to admit it, but I knew straight away what it was, because the symptoms were the same as before. I knew I had only a few minutes before I would become completely incapacitated. And I used those minutes wisely.”
He called his wife in America, who messaged a doctor in Russia — Denis Protsenko, who had been Kara-Murza’s main doctor before.
On the floor of the U.S. Senate, John McCain made a statement about Kara-Murza, a friend: “Vladimir has once again paid the price for his gallantry and integrity, for placing the interests of the Russian people above his own interest.” Congressman Ed Royce, the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, called Kara-Murza “one of the bravest people I know.”
Once more — for the second time — Kara-Murza survived. He says he now has three birthdays: “the one my parents gave me, and the two that Dr. Protsenko has given me.”
As you can imagine, there are people — the Putin gang — who say that Kara-Murza is faking all this, to make the Kremlin look bad. Interviewing Kara-Murza on 60 Minutes, Lesley Stahl raised this — quite rightly — and Kara-Murza answered as follows:
“To those who say that this is a plot [on the part of the Russian democracy movement], I honestly, and I mean this sincerely — I wish they never have to experience what I’ve experienced twice in the last two years, when you’re trying to breathe and you cannot. When you feel your organs shutting down, giving up on you one after another. And when you feel the life coming out of your body in the next few hours, and you don’t remember anything for the next month.
“And then for the next year you’re trying to relearn how to walk, how to use cutlery, how to talk to your kids again. I wish these people who tell you these things never have to experience this. I honestly, sincerely do.”
(For Stahl’s interview with Kara-Murza, go here.)
Does Kara-Murza have any doubt that it was his government that tried to kill him? Twice? No, he does not. This kind of poison is not your garden-variety weapon. “You can’t go into a pharmacy and buy it,” Kara-Murza remarks to me.
For many years, the Russian security services have been developing these poisons. They have used them all over the world, not just in Russia. Indeed, one of their most famous hits was in London. The victim was Alexander Litvinenko, the Russian security agent who turned whistleblower.
And the hit, or hits, on Kara-Murza? He can’t tell you the “who” or the “how.” He has no idea who, specifically, carried out the attacks on him, or how he (or she or they) did it. But he’s sure of the “why”: These attacks were retribution for his work in the political opposition, especially his support of the Magnitsky Act.
You can read long lists of Putin critics who have died in mysterious ways. Strange suicides and the like. In the last several weeks, there have been at least three incidents that have made the international news.
Yevgeny Khamaganov, a journalist, 35 years old, died in an emergency room. No one seems to know why. Two years earlier, thugs jumped him and broke his neck.
In Kiev, Denis Voronenkov was shot dead in the street. Once a member of the Russian parliament, he had fled to Ukraine and was a key witness in the treason case against Viktor Yanukovych, the Putin ally who was deposed as Ukraine’s president in 2014. (Yanukovych is now under Putin’s protection in Russia.)
In Moscow, Nikolai Gorokhov was tossed from the fourth floor of his apartment building. Putin’s media said that Gorokhov was helping movers carry a jacuzzi, and, whaddaya know? Such an unfortunate accident.
Gorokhov is the Magnitsky family’s lawyer. (Sergei Magnitsky, as you recall, was the lawyer and whistleblower who was tortured to death in 2009.) The day after the “accident,” Gorokhov was to make an important court appearance. He survived the fall — but was no in shape for court, to put it mildly.
People will tell you that these endless incidents can’t be pinned on Putin and his men. While running for president, Donald Trump defended Putin, saying, “It’s never been proven that he’s killed anybody. So, you know, you’re supposed to be innocent until proven guilty, at least in our country.” Vladimir Kara-Murza makes three pertinent points.
1) Putin has control over the police, the judiciary, and the media. Good luck convicting him or his agents.
2) We should ask the old question Cui bono? Who benefits from these killings and maimings?
3) There is an unusually high mortality rate among people who oppose Putin or work as independent journalists in Russia. This is “a mortality rate that defies any statistical model,” as Kara-Murza says.
He has a lot more to say. See you tomorrow, dear readers, for our third and final part.
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Linda Bridges, for whom a Sung Mass of the Resurrection was held this morning at the Church of Saint Mary the Virgin at 145, West 46th Street in New York City and whose ashes were committed to the Lady Chapel after Mass, was one of the most valuable members of National Review’s editorial staff from the 1970s until illness forced her from regular work only a few months ago. Though Linda was a modest and unassuming woman who would have scoffed at comparisons between herself and such colleagues as James Burnham, Jeffrey Hart, Ernest van den Haag, Russell Kirk, Rick Brookhiser, Rich Lowry, and the present writer, they and we all relied on her hard work, editorial vigilance, and occasional scolding for the fact that our words appeared in print on time and in decent English (or occasionally Latin). We realized that; she seemed not to notice her importance.
Linda wore two hats at National Review. She was the lady who ensured that the trains ran on time and the next issue actually made it to the printers. It was often touch-and-go in the days when the final edited copy had to be hand-carried to catch a train or plane in the midst of unexpected storms. But the fortnightly miracle always occurred. On occasions, however, Linda would come close to stopping the trains running on time because she felt that the carriages needed another round of cleaning or the engine a fresh polish. For her second hat — that of house grammarian — signified a stern duty to stop typos, grammatical errors, logical howlers, infelicities of style, and simple bad writing from making it into the issue. She took her second duty at least as seriously as her first — and she took that very seriously indeed.
In the phrase we all used, Linda had “swallowed Fowler’s” — that is “Fowler’s English Usage,” the Bible of scrupulous line editors, and she could nail a hanging participle at 50 paces. What she hadn’t imbibed from Fowler’s she had learned during her long and fruitful apprenticeship under Priscilla Buckley. Those sub-editing skills made her essential in an editorial room crowded with intellectuals and ideologues for whom the Big Picture is sometimes worth a misplaced semi-colon or a slightly mis-remembered quote. When Homer nodded, she corrected him.
That should have made her popular — she saved us all from many a public humiliation. If only Mike Kinsley had had her at his elbow, she would have told him what “courtesan” meant before he published a headline attaching the word to Clare Booth Luce. Oddly enough, though, some writers don’t like being corrected, and Linda played no favorites when it came to the rules. Eminence never saved anyone from her editorial blue-pencil. Thus, she and the great Florence King were among several editorial pairings that failed to see eye to eye about grammar and syntax.
Cowardice prompted me never to edit Florence’s copy personally, and we remained friends. So when she complained to me about Linda (and over the years about every other editor too), I was able to say quite truthfully that Linda edited Bill Buckley’s columns far more stringently. That soothed Florence, temporarily at least, and it also acknowledged Bill’s and NR’s unknown debt to Linda.
Bill was greatly admired for being able to write a column in 20 minutes on the run between speeches, writing books, and a crowded social life. Occasionally, though, a column written in that way had rough edges. In such cases Linda went carefully over it, cleaning up the grammar, and Bill’s other devoted assistant (and my dear friend), the late Dorothy McCartney, NR’s research director, checked that Bill’s memory of the facts was accurate. The results, as is well-known, won prizes. Bill relied on both women more than on anyone else in NR except for his sister Priscilla, and he was correspondingly devoted to them. They were at the heart of the magazine for many of its 60 years.
Because Linda was on the masthead of NR for so long, she knew where both the bodies and landmines were buried and had survived many of its conflicts. As the years passed and new writers and editors replaced NR’s first and then second generation, she became its living memory. She knew whose obituaries needed to be brought up to date, which new conservative book had to be reviewed, and who could NOT be asked to review it. She maintained NR’s links with the wider conservative movement, especially with the Philadelphia Society. With Bill’s two successors, Rich Lowry and me, she enjoyed something like a constitutional monarch’s power to advise, encourage, and warn if storm signals were visible. She did so rarely, but always discreetly. She had enough material in her memory and her office to be a dangerous gossip if she had so wished, but I never heard her say a single malicious thing. When it was necessary to discuss some past scandal or instance of human frailty among conservatives, she did so with an understanding chuckle that was almost French.
Linda had a life outside National Review. She was a theatergoer, a traveler, an enthusiast for different (mainly European) cuisines. She wrote several books, growing out of her editorial work at NR — The Art of Persuasion with Bill Rickenbacker, Athwart History with John R. Coyne — all nicely and engagingly done. She had faults; her office was the Old Curiosity Shop in a horror movie. But she was a gentle, kind, and helpful woman with her feet planted firmly in the great mid-century Anglo-American middlebrow culture of the well-made play, the classic detective story, light verse, crossword puzzles, “My Word,” Scrabble, Christmas cheer, the Proms, Dickens novels, and of course the Transogram. I assumed she would spend a long and largely contented retirement pottering about in second-hand book stores and favorite tea shops with occasional side-trips to the Shakespeare and Shaw festivals in Canada.
It was not to be. She lived and died as a pillar of National Review and as a skilled wordsmith who wrote some very fine words of her own but who excelled mainly at making the words of her colleagues sparkle and shine and persuade. And now she has gone home to where the Word began.
— John O’Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
At this point, it’s safe to say that Nimrata Randhawa has a far, far better chance to be the first female president of the United States than Hillary Clinton. But here’s the question: When or if Nimrata (she goes by “Nikki”) — a conservative, Indian-American daughter of immigrants who married Michael Haley, became governor of South Carolina, and is now the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations — wins a presidential election, will Hillary’s friends and supporters hail Haley’s ascension to the White House as a tremendous achievement for women? Will the fans of intersectional feminism laud the ultimate success of a woman of color?
Not likely. At this point, we all know the drill. There is one way and one way only for women — especially black or brown women — to take a true step forward, and that’s through progressive politics. Identity politics works like this: Progressives do everything in their power to explicitly and unequivocally stoke race- and gender-related resentments and grievances. Any pushback against identity politics is labeled denialism at best and racism or sexism at worst. Progressive ideas are so self-evidently superior that opposition is best explained as grounded in misogyny or the always-reliable “fear of change.” Opposition, even from women and even from people of color, is proof of the awful and enduring power of sexism and white supremacy.
It’s a poisonous ideology, it’s straining our national unity, and this week Hillary once again did her best to push its narrative right back in our national face. In an interview at the “Women in the World” summit, the New York Times’ Nicholas Kristof asked Clinton this:
Clinton’s answer was textbook identity politics. After a quick nod to the “cross currents” that impact “any campaign,” she said:
She wasn’t done, not by any means. Hillary continued:
Hillary also went on to say that Trump “looks like somebody’s who’s been a president before.”
This is a truly extraordinary statement. Let’s be clear: The “change” that Hillary represented was nothing more and nothing less than her gender. During the campaign, she wrapped both of her arms around Barack Obama, pledged to continue all the most important elements of his cultural and political legacy, but to do it — drumroll please — as a woman. In this fictional universe, then, a real-estate tycoon and reality-TV star with exactly zero political experience represents the status quo mainly because he’s a man.
Yet Hillary knows, Kristof knows, and everyone who has the slightest shred of intellectual integrity knows that if, say, Nikki Haley had been at the top of the ticket, she would have won the majority of white women also. She would have won the majority of white men. The alleged racist misogynists would have turned out in force for a woman of color. How do we know this? Well, they certainly did in South Carolina, a state that’s hardly considered a bastion of progressive gender politics.
Here’s a thought. It’s revolutionary, I know, but hang with me for a moment. In the United States of America, the (R) or (D) next to a name matters far, far more to the electoral outcome in any given race than does the (M) or (F) of the candidates’ sex. Let’s go even further (again, I’m going crazy here, so be patient), and even say that the (R) or (D) matters more than the (B) or (W) of the candidates’ race. If Ben Carson or Tim Scott had been the nominee, wouldn’t he have won a majority of the white vote and lost a majority of the black vote?
RELATED: Only Hillary Is to Blame for Her Loss
In the aftermath of the election, the Democrats are doing their own soul-searching, with many of the questions boiling down to a battle between ideas and identities. Did they lose because they nominated a bad candidate who advanced insufficiently attractive ideas? Or did they lose because, in this election cycle at least, there were just too many racists and sexists? It’s understandable and human that Hillary would point the finger rather than look in the mirror, but if her side wins the argument, look for Democrats to do their dead-level best now and in the future to inflame race- and gender-based grievances. They will tell millions of Americans that the color of their skin and their “gender identity” should dictate their thoughts and beliefs, and that opposition isn’t based on reason or logic but rather hate and fear.
Here’s the thing, though — that destructive narrative is so powerful that, next time, it might just win. If it does, Democrats will feel vindicated, triumphant liberal culture warriors will redouble their assault on conservative ideas and institutions, and the national fabric will continue to fray.
Democrats, ignore Hillary Clinton, for all our sakes.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Call it the Tomahawk strike heard ’round the world, not just in Washington and Damascus and Moscow, but in every capital in the Middle East.
By ordering the strike on Al Shayrat Airfield, from which Bashar al-Assad had launched a brutal chemical-weapons attack on his own people just days earlier, President Trump put the U.S. squarely back in the game of Middle East politics. But without further action, it will have been for naught; what must come next is a new regional strategy for the U.S. that is very different from the one adopted by President Obama — one that backs up diplomatic coalition-building with U.S. military strength.
In 1990–91, President George H. W. Bush used such a strategy to drive Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait during Operation Desert Storm. Today, the U.S. is once again perfectly positioned to bring together the region’s leading Sunni powers, and Israel, in an alliance against Iran and its Shia allies, who are the real geopolitical threat in Syria.
Who would be part of this alliance? Israel and Saudi Arabia, the region’s most powerful Sunni state, have been drawing closer for the past decade, united by their shared interest in counteracting Iranian regional aggression, as have the other majority-Sunni Gulf states. Egypt, Jordan, Turkey, and Oman could also become strong strategic partners in a U.S.-led coalition designed to thwart Iran’s ongoing efforts to trigger a regional Shia uprising from Syria and/or Yemen.
This new alliance would have two prongs, and two aims.
The first would be to permanently end Tehran’s designs on becoming a regional hegemon, especially in the eastern Mediterranean, where it is propping up the Assad regime in Syria and sponsoring terrorist groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah in Lebanon.
The second aim would be to crush ISIS wherever it holds territory, from Syria and the Sinai to Iraq, as well as to extirpate Sunni radicalism in all its forms. Here the U.S. would have to make it clear to the Saudis and other Gulf states that ISIS, like al-Qaeda, must be destroyed, both on the ground abroad and in the domestic madrassas and mosques that spread its vicious, radical message.
That, of course, leaves Russia. Fortunately, Assad’s renewed use of chemical weapons put Vladimir Putin at a disadvantage, since Russia almost certainly knew of the chemical strike, and may even have facilitated it. The Kremlin certainly lied when it assured the world that the regime’s stockpile of chemical weapons had been dealt with.
When Secretary of State Tillerson meets with Putin this week, he needs to take advantage of that weakness and stress to Moscow that its support for Assad is now a liability, not an asset. The Russians have already signaled that their support for Damascus is “not unconditional.” Their entire raison d’être for intervention in the Syrian conflict is combating “terrorism.” Now, they must acknowledge that Assad and his Iranian allies are no less “terrorists” than ISIS, and should be dealt with accordingly.
Far more is at stake here than removing a brutal dictator; preventing his Iranian patrons from becoming a dominant force in the eastern Mediterranean is just as important. The final goal of Trump’s strategy in the Middle East has to be convincing Putin that his support for and collaboration with Iran is a liability rather than an asset, and that siding with the emerging U.S.–Sunni–Israeli coalition is the best way for Russia to demonstrate a good-faith commitment to fighting terrorism and playing a constructive role in the region.
The region’s Sunni powers realize the potency of the Iranian threat, as does Israel. The Obama administration pretended the Iran problem would go way on its own if we sat on our hands. The Trump administration now has an opportunity to reverse course, enlisting a coalition of Sunni partners in the complicated task of isolating and limiting Iran’s power to revise the geopolitical order in the eastern Mediterranean and the Persian Gulf.
In closing, it should be stressed that none of these strategic shifts need involve placing more American troops on the ground in the Middle East. The team is already on the field; all that’s been missing is a quarterback. For the U.S. to fulfill that role, it merely needs a leader willing to reassert the influence that Obama wouldn’t — and that George W. Bush before him squandered in two endless regional wars.
Our natural allies in the region have been clamoring for help from Washington for years; Donald Trump now has the opportunity to provide it.
— Arthur Herman is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute and the author of the forthcoming 1917: Vladimir Lenin, Woodrow Wilson, and the Year That Created the Modern Age.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump confounded most of his critics and even some of his supporters last week by attacking Syria. Trump came into office promising to stay out of foreign entanglements and advocating outreach to Russia. So the decision to punish Moscow’s Syrian client shocked those on the right who liked the sound of Trump’s “America First” isolationist rhetoric. For mainstream conservatives who hope that his administration will discard his campaign rhetoric on foreign policy, the decision to strike was a tonic.
For Democrats, Trump’s move is particularly painful. It throws a wrench into their efforts to portray the president as a moral imbecile or a puppet who was essentially elected by Russians and is now ruled by them. If Trump is going to act like a commander in chief able to make carefully calibrated decisions that starkly contrast with his predecessor’s feckless and immoral dithering on Syria, and if he does this while also offending Russia, the Left’s “resistance” strategy and their truculent anti-Russia tone begin to look less effective.
Deprived of the standard talking points they’ve been using to assail Trump since the inauguration, most Democrats are flailing. Some are joining Rand Paul in saying that no president should be able to order a strike without a congressional vote. There is some merit to that argument, but it’s not one most Democrats like, given that they support such actions whenever their party controls the White House. Plus, few liberals have any real enthusiasm for a strict interpretation of the Constitution.
Instead, they are falling back on something they do care about: refugees. Democrats are claiming that Trump may have been right to punish the butcher of Damascus for atrocities that President Obama ignored. But there is a disconnect, they say, between his military action and his immigration policies. According to both Hillary Clinton and MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow, anyone who has compassion for the victims of the Syrian regime’s nerve-gas attacks — as Trump clearly demonstrated — must also be willing to let refugees from that country enter the United States.
EDITORIAL: Syria after the Airstrikes
While Trump is often guilty of inconsistency, this is a specious argument. America’s role as the world’s only superpower does obligate it to act when the international order is threatened by atrocities. The leader of the free world can and must send a message to rogue regimes that they can’t use weapons of mass destruction with impunity. But this doesn’t mean that everyone affected by those governments automatically gets a ticket to enter the United States.
If the U.S. were to admit all refugees from countries where it has fought wars or aided one side or another in a conflict, there would be no limit to those who would have a right to enter the United States. As a matter of law and tradition, the entry of refugees is governed by factors that relate to whether their plight is a special humanitarian concern to Americans, whether there are reasonable alternatives for resettlement, and whether the particular refugees are admissible to the United States. While one may claim that Syrians qualify as a focus of humanitarian concern, they arguably fail under the latter two categories.
The Syrian civil war is one of the greatest human-rights catastrophes of the last half-century. Last year, the United Nations said that 13.5 millions Syrians needed assistance inside their country, including 6 million who had been forced from their homes. In January, the U.N. claimed that more than 4.8 million Syrians had fled their country. Many are eager to leave the Middle East and start new lives in more prosperous lands where there is no war. But it’s absurd to think that it’s the West’s responsibility to take in what amounts to close to 22 percent of Syria’s pre-war population. The only rational long-term solution for Syrian refugees is to end the war, not to facilitate Bashar al-Assad’s effort to depopulate his tortured country.
RELATED: The Middle East: Where American Idealism Goes to Die
Nor is there an immediate need to transfer large numbers of Syrian refugees out of the region to the U.S. Most are living in camps in Jordan or Turkey where conditions are not ideal but apparently livable. Large numbers who are able to leave the camps have already fled to Western European nations such as Germany, which have opened the floodgates to Middle Eastern refugees. Whether that policy is wise or without costs is a matter of debate for Europeans. But no matter what one thinks about that question, what the Europeans have done makes it difficult to argue that the United States must follow suit.
Trump was accused, not without some justice, of appealing to prejudice during his campaign when he called for a flat, if temporary, ban on entry into the U.S. of all Muslim immigrants. If religion were the only argument against letting in the Syrians, as Trump’s critics assert, the critics would be right. But their effort to ignore the security question is disingenuous. As events in Europe have shown, if you let in large numbers of people from countries where radical Islam has taken hold, it is a given that a certain number of them, even if it is small, will be potential threats.
The notion that refugees pose no threat at all is based on sentiment rather than evidence or common sense. While Assad and his Russian, Iranian, and Lebanese allies as well as ISIS terrorists have victimized the people of Syria, the country has become a hotbed of Islamist extremism. Indeed, the depredations of pro-Assad forces have bolstered support for radical factions such as ISIS. It’s also true that Syria has collapsed as a normal country. As a result, it’s impossible to effectively vet Syrians who wish to come to the U.S.
Democrats who have taken up the argument about opening the door to impossible-to-vet Syrian refugees in the wake of last week’s events that, for once, gave Trump favorable press coverage are simply trying to change the subject. Instead, they should support policies that will actually do something to help the refugees go home to a nation no longer ruled by Assad. Genuine compassion means backing measures to force Assad’s ouster, something that will, in turn, lessen support for ISIS. Until that happens, the U.S. must be ready to aid the refugees where they are and ready to use force to punish Assad for violating international norms. Trump must also apply diplomatic and economic pressure to send the same message to Assad’s Russian and Iranian enablers. Anything else said about Trump and Syrian refugees is pure political hypocrisy.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is the opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The collapse of the American Health Care Act in the House did nothing to change one fundamental reality: Republicans simply don’t have the luxury of failing when it comes to repealing and replacing Obamacare. No other campaign promise has galvanized conservative voters more over the past seven years; failure to keep it will irreparably sever trust and demoralize the grassroots as the 2018 midterms approach.
Given the united Democratic opposition, inside-the-bubble D.C. thinking has made the tug-of-war between Republican moderates and the Freedom Caucus into an impossible zero-sum game. But a viable path for free-market health-care reform still exists — if Republicans in Congress can coalesce around some key ideas, such as pursuing smart insurance deregulation that puts families back in charge, creating a targeted and robust free-market safety net, and unleashing productivity and innovation by unshackling the health-care-delivery system.
Separating Insurance from Redistribution
True insurance spreads the risk of unknown future events and sets premiums individually based on projected claims. Imagine two groups of people, Group A and Group B. Those in Group A have a 5 percent chance of experiencing a severe health episode that generates $100,000 in claims and a 95 percent chance of zero health expenses. Ignoring profit margins — which, despite the wild hyperbole, are quite small — Group A’s annual premiums should equal 5 percent of $100,000, or $5,000. The lucky 95 percent pays the $5,000 premium despite generating no actual expenses. The unlucky 5 percent faces $100,000 in claims, but insurance kicks in to cover the bill. Those in Group B, meanwhile, face a 10 percent chance of experiencing a severe health episode. In a properly functioning insurance market, their annual premiums would be twice as high as Group A’s — $10,000 — because they present twice the risk to insurers.
Unfortunately, the market created by Obamacare does not function properly because the law enacts community-rating restrictions to subsidize the higher-risk Group B at Group A’s expense. In practical terms, Obamacare forces Group A to overpay for insurance so that Group B underpays, subjecting both groups to an individual mandate as a way of preventing Group A from walking away. Essentially, the law taxes the young and healthy to subsidize the old and sick under the pretext of “consumer protection.” This de facto insurance-premium tax is worse than even a typical tax because it destabilizes insurance markets by causing a cascade of rising premiums and fleeing customers, which then forces market consolidation as many insurers follow suit and depart.
The best way to fix this problem, restoring affordability and stability to the health-care sector, is to unleash market competition by stripping away Obamacare’s insurance mandates. But while deregulating insurance markets is likely to win the support of the Freedom Caucus, moderates may worry — not without reason — that removing these “protections” will make insurance unaffordable for people with preexisting conditions, even as it dramatically lowers premiums for the vast majority of Americans. Which means that deregulation of the market can’t be the only feature of any repeal-and-replace proposal.
Committing to a Free-Market Safety Net
One enduring legacy of Obamacare is likely to be the widespread acceptance of the idea that every American should have the ability to obtain health insurance, regardless of financial means. On political grounds, any repeal-and-replace bill that results in millions of Americans losing insurance is likely to be a nonstarter. This doesn’t mean, however, that Republicans must succumb to glum predictions of creeping socialism. Properly envisioned, a safety net tailored toward helping those most in need is perfectly consistent with free-market principles. In fact, no less a luminary of free-market economics than Friedrich Hayek himself once stated that there is no reason that “the state should not help organize a comprehensive system of social insurance in providing for those common hazards of life against which few can make adequate provision.” Where Democrats go astray is in transforming this targeted safety net into a cradle-to-grave entitlement laden with intrusive government meddling and an unhealthy dose of class envy.
What would a free-market safety net look like? Ideally, Republicans should put forward a replacement bill that actually increases the number of insured relative to the Obamacare baseline, albeit with leaner insurance designed specifically to shield Americans from financial devastation and medical bankruptcy. The government has no business forcing people to obtain expensive insurance that covers a list of lobbyist-determined benefits. But a leaner baseline insurance plan would simply cap out-of-pocket spending at some reasonable fraction of household income, providing financial assistance to cover the premiums for those who can’t afford them. Americans with preexisting conditions would receive much more generous assistance, and to prevent gaming of the system, assistance would be higher for people who maintain continuous coverage. Supplemental insurance could then be purchased independently by those who wanted it.
Unshackling the Health-Care-Delivery System
The biggest impediment to bringing down costs is the all-consuming focus on insurance coverage to the exclusion of broader cost-containment efforts. If you entered a restaurant and were told that some other anonymous table would pay your bill and that you would pay theirs, the inevitable result would be a substantial increase in both bills, as there would be no reason for cost-conscious ordering. The current debate amounts to patrons having loud arguments after seeing the bills, instead of addressing that original, flawed ordering arrangement. In the few instances when politicians do discuss broader reforms, Democrats keep pushing for government micro-management of health-care delivery while Republicans pin all of their hopes on the notion that sick people would shop around for better prices if only they had health savings accounts (HSAs). There is a positive role for HSAs to play, but they still amount to an insurance reform, which is not going to get the job done alone.
There is no silver bullet, but at a basic level, the only way to keep up with growing demand while holding prices in check is to expand supply. Republicans should first drastically reform the way Medicare and Medicaid compensate providers, loosening price controls and making both programs follow the lead of more innovative market actors. An intelligent repeal-and-replace bill would also expedite the drug-approval process, liberalize excessive occupational-licensing laws, and strip away lobbyist-determined barriers to entry that drive up prices.
This combination of free-market deregulation, targeted premium assistance, and health-care-delivery reforms holds great promise to bend the cost curve downward, stabilize the insurance market, and ensure peace of mind by guaranteeing that no American is prevented from receiving high-quality, affordable health care. It’s a prescription conservative and moderate House Republicans alike should be able to get behind.
— Aaron Hedlund is an assistant professor of economics at the University of Missouri-Columbia. 
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: In the current issue of National Review, we have a piece by Jay Nordlinger on Vladimir Kara-Murza, the Russian democracy leader. This week in his Impromptus, Mr. Nordlinger expands that piece.
Two years ago, in May 2015, Vladimir Kara-Murza was poisoned. He fell into a coma. The doctors told his wife, Yevgenia, that he had just a 5 percent chance of surviving. He survived.
Almost two years later — in February 2017 — Kara-Murza was again poisoned. This time, the doctors induced a coma, to help him survive. They again told Yevgenia that her husband had just a 5 percent chance. Again, he survived.
I’m sitting in a Washington, D.C., restaurant with him. I tell him that I’m always happy to see him. (We first met last year.) But today I am especially happy to see him.
Smiling, Kara-Murza says, “I’m very happy, and very grateful, to be sitting here with you.”
“No cane!” I say. When I met him last year, he was walking with a cane, and limping. He is in weakened condition today, understandably. But no cane …
The poisonings — the attacks — took place in Moscow, where Kara-Murza is the vice-chairman of Open Russia, a civil-society group. This is the group started by Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the Russian businessman who crossed Vladimir Putin, spent ten years in jail, and is now in exile.
One by one, Kara-Murza’s colleagues have been exiled, like Khodorkovsky. Or imprisoned. Or killed. Kara-Murza is determined to press on, however, believing that he has important work to do. And if people shrink from doing it, how will it get done?
He is 35 years old, born in 1981 to a distinguished family. His peculiar name — Kara-Murza — means “Black Prince.” In all likelihood, it comes from Golden Horde days, centuries back.
Vladimir was just shy of ten in August 1991. That was a pivotal month in the history of Russia. Hard-liners in the Soviet government attempted a coup against the party leader, Gorbachev. Kara-Murza will never forget it. Those few days in August are stamped on him indelibly.
Tanks were in the streets of his hometown, Moscow — just as they had been sent to Budapest in 1956, as he says. And to Prague in 1968. And to Vilnius, earlier that same year, 1991 (January).
Thousands and thousands of people poured into the streets of Moscow — armed with nothing. They were fed up. Fed up with oppressive rule. They stood in front of the tanks — their own tanks, Russian tanks, or Soviet tanks. Those tanks turned around and left.
At the end of the year — Christmas — the Soviet Union dissolved.
“No matter how powerful the forces against them,” says Kara-Murza, “when people are prepared to stand up for what they believe, they succeed.” In fact, “that’s the basis of my hope for the future of Russia.”
We talk a little about Yeltsin — Boris Yeltsin, the president of Russia in the ’90s (1991-99). He is widely remembered as an alcoholic buffoon. But he was a lot more than that, as Kara-Murza says.
“He was in power for eight years — two terms — and then he left. Compare that with what we have now.” (Putin has been entrenched since 2000: 17 years.)
“We had a real parliament, not a rubber-stamp parliament. Compare that with what we have now.”
Also, you had free elections and a free press. Satirical programs regularly skewered the president. It was practically a national pastime.
Boris Nemtsov was deputy prime minister under Yeltsin. Nemtsov liked to tell a story about going to see Yeltsin in the Kremlin. The TV was on, and a program was cutting up the president, as usual. “Boris, hand me the remote control,” said Yeltsin. “I can’t take it anymore.” He switched off the television.
Today, under Putin, that sort of thing doesn’t happen.
Kara-Murza believes that history will remember Yeltsin more kindly than people tend to now.
“But what about corruption?” I ask. “What about the corruption under Yeltsin?” Kara-Murza responds that Russia has always had corruption — that’s no secret. But today’s corruption is on a whole different scale.
“The sheer billions that Putin and his cronies have acquired,” says Kara-Murza. Putin is probably the richest man in the world. The corruption extends all the way from the top, says Kara-Murza, down to the local police chiefs, who extort bakers and other small businessmen.
Kara-Murza adds something: The world knew a lot about corruption under Yeltsin — because Russia had a free press.
Vladimir Kara-Murza’s father, also named Vladimir Kara-Murza, is famous. In the 1990s, he was an anchorman for NTV. Then came Putin — and away went independent media. NTV still exists, but it is another arm of the Kremlin. Before, it was independent; now it’s just another propaganda outlet.
Today, Kara-Murza Sr. works for a couple of outlets that endure, with dignity, even in the Putin era. One is the Echo of Moscow radio station; the other is America’s Radio Liberty.
Young Kara-Murza went to Cambridge in England. He studied history at Trinity Hall. Then he embarked on a career in journalism and politics, doing all sorts of things, all with an eye to helping Russia be free and democratic: a country where the rule of law governs, and human rights are respected.
Kara-Murza is one of those intellectuals who decide to devote themselves to journalism and politics. He could easily be a professor of history somewhere, writing his books, staying out of trouble (except for academic trouble). Instead, he is dodging murder.
For 15 years, he worked with Boris Nemtsov — the leading liberal politician in Russia. (By “liberal,” I mean democratic, pro-market, and anti-despotic.) He was a regional governor and, ultimately, deputy prime minister. Yeltsin wished him to be his successor.
“That was one of the biggest missed opportunities for our country in our entire history,” says Kara-Murza.” Russia got Putin instead of Nemtsov. “Things would have been very, very different, not just for Russia but for the whole world.”
Nemtsov sacrificed a lot for politics, for a freer Russia — and I’m not just talking about his life, his mortal life. (More about that in a minute.) He was a brilliant scientist. He earned his Ph.D. in physics at age 25. He was a protégé of Vitaly Ginzburg, a great physicist who would share the Nobel Prize in 2003.
There came a day when Nemtsov told Ginzburg he was going in a different direction: into politics rather than physics. Ginzburg told him he was making a terrible mistake, one he would surely regret. The young man could go very far in physics, Ginzburg said.
He went far in politics too, for as long as he could.
Together, Nemtsov and Kara-Murza urged the U.S. Congress to pass the Magnitsky Act. This is the law that imposes sanctions on Russian officials who abuse human rights. It’s named for Sergei Magnitsky, the whistleblowing lawyer who was tortured to death in 2009.
The law passed the House on November 16, 2012 — the third anniversary of Magnitsky’s death. Nemtsov and Kara-Murza were sitting in the visitors’ gallery, watching.
On more than one occasion, Nemtsov said, “The Magnitsky Act is the most pro-Russian law ever passed by a foreign legislature.”
For many years, Nemtsov was Kara-Murza’s closest friend, “despite the age difference,” says Kara-Murza. (Nemtsov was born the same year as Kara-Murza’s father: 1959. Indeed, the same month: October.) Also, “he was family,” says Kara-Murza of Nemtsov. Nemtsov was godfather to one of Kara-Murza’s daughters. “In Russia,” notes Kara-Murza, “that makes you family.”
Kara-Murza’s wife, Yevgenia, and their children have lived in the U.S. for a number of years. “Obviously, it’s not an ideal situation,” says Kara-Murza, “but it has to be this way. I go back and forth, but I spend most of my time in Russia. It’s one thing to risk myself, but I can’t risk my family.”
His colleagues told him, years ago, that it would not be prudent to have his family with him in Russia. He thought they were being overly cautious. He learned better.
On February 27, 2015, Boris Nemtsov was murdered as he walked on a bridge in sight of the Kremlin. This murder was a devastating blow to many people — including Kara-Murza. “There are no words,” he says. He’s the most articulate of men. But, about this — Nemtsov’s murder and its effect — he is speechless.
(I will continue this series tomorrow.)
	 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
“War is the health of the state. It automatically sets in motion throughout society those irresistible forces for uniformity, for passionate cooperation with the government in coercing into obedience the minority groups and individuals which lack the larger herd sense.”
	 – Randolph Bourne (1886-1918)
One hundred years ago, two events three days apart set the 20th century’s trajectory. On April 9, 1917, in Zurich, Vladimir Lenin boarded a train. Germany expedited its passage en route to St. Petersburg — known as Leningrad from 1924 to 1991 — expecting him to exacerbate Russia’s convulsions, causing Russia’s withdrawal from World War I, allowing Germany to shift forces to the Western Front. Lenin boarded the train three days after the United States, responding to Germany’s unrestricted submarine warfare and other provocations, declared war. Soon 2 million Americans would be in Europe. They, and the promise of many more, compelled Germany to accept an armistice at the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month of 1918. 
Monday night and the next two nights, PBS’s American Experience will present a six-hour documentary, The Great War. Watch it and wince. It covers familiar diplomatic and military events, before and after America’s bloodiest battle, the Meuse-Argonne offensive, in which American fatalities averaged 550 a day for 47 days.
Woodrow Wilson imposed and incited extraordinary repressions: “There are citizens of the United States . . . born under other flags . . . who have poured the poison of disloyalty into the very arteries of our national life. . . . Such creatures of passion, disloyalty, and anarchy must be crushed out. . . . They are infinitely malignant, and the hand of our power should close over them.”
His Committee on Public Information churned out domestic propaganda instructing the public how to detect pro-German sympathies. A 22-year-old Justice Department official named J. Edgar Hoover administered a program that photographed, fingerprinted, and interrogated 500,000 suspects. Local newspapers published the names of people who were not buying war bonds or otherwise supporting the war. People were fired or ostracized for insufficient enthusiasm. The Espionage Act of 1917 made it a crime to “collect, record, publish, or communicate” information useful to the enemy.
RELATED: How ‘Mr. Wilson’s War’ Shaped the World Order
In Illinois, Robert Prager, a German-American coal miner suspected of spying, was stripped, marched through the streets and hanged. The Washington Post deplored such “excesses” but applauded the “healthful and wholesome awakening in the interior part of the country.”
Josef Hofer and his two brothers were South Dakota Hutterites whose faith forbade any involvement in war, including wearing a military uniform. They were arrested in March 1918, and a week after the armistice they were sent to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Arriving at the military prison around midnight, they stood naked for hours in a 17-degree November night. Then they were suspended naked from the bars of their cells, their feet barely touching the ground, refusing to wear the uniforms left in their cells. Fed only bread and water, after two weeks David Hofer was allowed to telegraph to Josef’s wife, telling her that her husband was dying. He died the morning after she arrived. Prison guards mocked his corpse by dressing it in a uniform.
The U.S. military was the world’s 17th largest in April 1917, smaller (less than 250,000) than Romania’s, and smaller than Britain’s casualties in one battle. America’s military became a melting pot for a nation in which one-third of the population had been born abroad or whose parents had been. Forty-three languages were spoken in one Army division raised in New York. One group was ineligible for melting: Printed at the bottom of draft registration cards were these words: “If person is of African descent, tear off this corner.”
RELATED: The Yanks Over There — 100 Years Ago
The African Americans from around the nation who joined New York’s 15th National Guard Regiment, the Harlem Hellfighters, included Leroy Johnston from Phillips County, Arkansas. He spent nine months in French hospitals recuperating from wounds suffered in the Meuse-Argonne, then in 1919 returned to an Arkansas seething with fears of an African-American insurrection because a returning African-American veteran had formed a union of black sharecroppers. The narrator of The Great War says that as groups of white men “roamed the countryside, killing hundreds of black people, a train pulled into the station. A crowd rushed aboard and dragged out four unsuspecting black men. They were Leroy Johnston and his three brothers.” After a melee, “the mob shot the Johnston brothers to pieces.”
The war unleashed a flu pandemic that killed more people in a year — somewhere between 20 million and 50 million — than the war killed in four years. The flu’s victims included Randolph Bourne.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
While news seems to be breaking in every direction, there are two storylines in the continuing saga of allegations about Russian meddling in the 2016 election and Obama-administration spying on Team Trump.
The first, as Victor Davis Hanson has outlined, involves the recusal — at least temporarily — of House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes. You have to admire the Democrats’ moxie: Having spent months exploiting unauthorized disclosures of classified information to undergird their dark (but thus far unsupported) claims of Trump-campaign collusion in Russia’s machinations, they now force a House Ethics Committee investigation against Nunes based on claims that he “may have made unauthorized disclosures of classified information.”
Nunes vehemently denies the allegation as “entirely false and politically motivated.” Still, had he not stepped aside until the ethics probe was completed, there would have been calls to remove him, which would have put Speaker Paul Ryan in the hot seat. That’s something neither Ryan nor Nunes would want.
More importantly, as Nunes admirably recognized, it would have been a major distraction from the political-spying aspect of the Intelligence Committee investigation. By stepping aside, Nunes will be able to defend himself without derailing the committee’s work. Meanwhile, he has bequeathed leadership of the probe to Representative Mike Conaway (R., Tex.), with assistance from Representatives Trey Gowdy (R., S.C.) and Tom Rooney (R., Fla.). Forge ahead, gents.
The other development involves yet another impulsive outburst from President Trump. During a news conference at which he appeared jointly with Jordan’s King Abdullah II (aside: why do they put Roman numerals after Arabic names?), Trump was asked whether he thought Susan Rice, Obama’s national-security adviser, had committed a crime by unmasking the identities of Trump-team members — i.e., American citizens who were caught up in foreign intelligence collection. He replied, “Do I think? Yes, I think.” Our media-obsessed president further conveyed his sense that the alleged political spying “is one of the big stories of our time.”
Trump detractors pounced. The Washington Post, for example, ran its report under the headline “Susan Rice may have committed a crime, Trump says without providing evidence.” Trump’s latest remark is thus portrayed as a replay of his much-derided March 4 tweets — the ones accusing President Obama of having “my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower.”
Both outbursts were ill considered, but they’re not all that similar. This time, Trump was answering a journalist’s loaded question, not railing on his own. Still, he should have passed — hard as that seems to be for him.
Supporters excuse him, reasoning that he was just stating his opinion as a non-lawyer and should be cut some slack. After all, there are lawyers in the commentariat who contend that Rice’s actions were criminal. To the contrary, presidents should never render opinions about conduct that could be grist for federal investigations. It has nothing to do with legal training; it’s about being president — the head of the executive branch, responsible for enforcing the laws faithfully and promoting the integrity of the criminal-justice system.
If a person is charged after a president publicly opines that she is guilty, she inevitably asks the court to throw out the case on the ground that the process is tainted — i.e., the chief executive’s comments are portrayed as an implicit direction to the prosecutor, an executive-branch subordinate, to file an indictment regardless of any lack of evidence. Such motions to dismiss an indictment are unlikely to succeed, but they cause problems for the prosecution and tarnish the president. Recall that President Obama was analogously criticized, and rightly so, for commenting that Hillary Clinton’s e-mail scandal was being blown out of proportion, signaling to his subordinates that she should not be charged — and, of course, she wasn’t.
I do not believe Trump’s expressed belief that Rice committed a crime is a big deal, but then again, I didn’t think his wiretap tweets were that big a deal — apart from seeming unhinged. I was clearly wrong about that, an error caused by analyzing them as a lawyer, not a political strategist.
To my mind, commentary about the tweets has been wildly off base. Contrary to popular belief, Trump did not claim that Obama personally ordered an illegal wiretap. The reasonable interpretation of the 140-character rants is that the Obama administration orchestrated electronic surveillance on Trump at Trump Tower; the president did not say that the required legal processes for wiretapping, including court authorization, were bypassed. When I was a prosecutor, it was common during legal arguments for a judge to say to me, “You wiretapped him.” I never took this to mean the judge thought I personally had either physically tapped the lines or directed that it be done without a warrant. I took it as a shorthand judicial acknowledgment that the Justice Department and the FBI, in one of my investigations, had sought and obtained electronic-surveillance authorization from a federal court on a showing of probable cause.
To be clear: The more realistic construction of Trump’s tweets that I am suggesting does not make the tweets accurate. Nor does it make any less explosive the allegation of political spying that the tweets plainly leveled. But it is overwrought to insist that, in addition to accusing the former president of abusively monitoring him, Trump was also alleging that the monitoring was illegal.
You may counter, based on Trump’s comments about Rice, that he probably doesn’t know the difference. Fair enough . . . but his legal acumen is not the point. There is growing evidence that even though Trump’s particular allegation was inaccurate, his claim, in broad scope, is valid: The Obama administration did use its foreign-intelligence-collection powers — and perhaps its law-enforcement powers — to investigate and monitor the Trump campaign and transition. Trump’s critics are overhyping what he got wrong, in the hope that you’ll overlook what he got right.
Two things need to be said about that. First, as I have contended, it would not necessarily have been wrong, much less scandalous, for the Obama administration to have investigated the Trump team. The question of propriety (and thus of scandal) depends on whether the investigation was (a) driven by, and kept within the bounds of, good-faith suspicions of misconduct, or (b) political spying conducted under the pretext of a proper investigation. That, in turn, hinges on whether there really were fact-based suspicions of Trump-camp collusion with Russia, and whether any related intelligence collection was tightly connected to that suspicion — as opposed to generalized, non-Russia-related snooping, which Nunes has suggested and recent reporting seems to corroborate.
We will not know which is the case — or if, as I suspect, it is a little of both — until the investigation proceeds and the relevant documents are revealed. On that score, given that the president has unilateral authority to declassify intelligence reports, it continues to be puzzling that the administration has not publicized any reports backing up its political-spying allegations — or at least provided unclassified summaries that explain the pertinent information while withholding any sensitive intelligence (including methods and sources).
The second thing that needs to be said involves a difference of opinion I have with my friend and colleague David French — or at least some amplification of a valid point he has made. David contends that Trump supporters frequently damage their credibility by rushing in to defend Trump’s sundry exaggerations and inaccurate (or false) statements. In some contexts, this point is well taken. In connection with the infamous wiretapping tweets, it is less persuasive.
As I’ve argued above, Trump’s accusation in the tweets is wrong, but it is not as scurrilous as it has been made out to be. More to the point, while Trump clearly has diehards who will defend him on just about anything, the political-spying story was not spurred by a defense of Trump’s tweets. I started writing about it two months before the tweets.
By then, there were already plenty of indications about it in media reporting (which, to be clear, David has forthrightly detailed). I was bewildered, as I observed, by the difference between the outrage that ensued when Trump merely threatened (at a debate) that a Trump administration would have Hillary Clinton investigated and the deafening silence when it emerged that the Obama administration had actually been investigating Trump. Obviously, Trump’s tweets riveted attention to the matter in a way that a columnist’s meanderings could not — at least, not this columnist. But Trump was curiously late to the potential-political-spying party (especially if it is true, as his March 4 tweets state, that he had just found out about it).
If past is prologue, Trump’s assertion that Rice has committed a “crime” will give the media fodder for weeks of tendentious commentary about whether penal laws were broken. That should be beside the point, since — you heard it here first — the scandal (if it proves to be a scandal) is about abuse of power, not criminality. But thanks to the president’s intemperance, his detractor legions will persist in demonstrating that there was no crime; they will use that demonstration to argue that there is nothing to see here. And it might well work — abstruse foreign-intelligence procedures can exhaust even analysts with a firm grasp of them.
Shooting (or tweeting) from the hip may work for a firebrand candidate, particularly one in the populist, anti-establishment-outsider mold. It does not work for a president. It can make a president his own worst enemy.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
‘Drain the swamp.” It was one of President Trump’s most powerful messages on the way to victory. Shake up Washington. Break a few eggs to create a new omelet. Overturn the establishment.
Well, hats off to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for doing some swamp-draining when he exercised the “nuclear option” to overturn the filibuster for Supreme Court justices. McConnell busted an old 19th century rule, which was never in the Constitution, and cleared the path for the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch — as good a candidate as can be found. Good for McConnell.
But let’s shift our swamp-draining focus to fiscal policy. Back in 1974, in the aftermath of Watergate, it was established that House and Senate budget committees would come together to pass a bill with something called “reconciliation instructions.” In this way, they would move a product through the committees that would only require 51 votes in the Senate to pass.
The process was allegedly designed to promote fiscal sanity, such as curbing the nation’s appetite for debt. Well, that didn’t work. Federal debt in public hands was about 23 percent of GDP back in the mid-1970s. Today it is about 77 percent of national income. Not much discipline there.
But the key problem with reconciliation is the highly flawed economic model used to score tax bills. Namely, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) score tax relief as a revenue loser and tax increases as revenue gainers. Clearly, such modelling makes it very difficult to reduce marginal tax rates.
And in recent years, this static modelling has led to the notion that tax cuts need a “pay-for.” If you don’t cut the budget enough, you don’t get your tax cut.
Almost weirdly, the scorekeepers are happy with tax hikes, allegedly to balance the budget. But tax hikes depress economic growth, which reduces GDP. And with a smaller income base, actual revenues decline, simply because most everybody is worse off.  
In truth, the best way to balance the budget is to reduce tax rates and provide new incentives for faster growth, which then expands the income base and throws off more revenues.
In our book, JFK and the Reagan Revolution, Brian Domitrovic and I quote Democrat John F. Kennedy in his 1962 speech to the New York Economics Club. With high drama, JFK turned against the New Deal, saying, “it is a paradoxical truth that tax rates are too high today [91 percent top rate] and tax revenues too low, and the soundest way to raise revenues in the long run is to cut rates now. . . . The reason is that only full employment can balance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment.”
Twenty years later, Republican Ronald Reagan duplicated the JFK tax cuts to liberate a stagflationary economy. Today, the JFK-Reagan approach would rescue a stagnant economy.
But the scorekeepers stand in the way. They’re part of the swamp. They’re telling President Trump you cannot lower tax rates without pay-fors.
So I’d say it’s time for a “tactical nuclear option inside reconciliation,” as playfully put by Wall Street Journal reporter Richard Rubin. Throw out the static models and replace them with dynamic scoring that recognizes the positive impact of lower tax-rate incentives on growth.
The CBO estimates real economic growth over the next ten years will continue to stagnate at a 1.8 percent annual pace. However, looking at history, we know that growth will increase with more take-home pay and handsome rewards for business.
How about a 3 percent growth rate over the next ten years? It’s still below America’s long-run average. But if you slash tax rates, particularly on large and small business, it is reasonable to assume more investment, new companies, profits, productivity, wages, and job creation.
Get this: According to former Senate budget expert Mike Solon, an economy growing at 3.1 percent per year would generate $4.5 trillion more revenues than an economy growing at 1.8 percent. $4.5 trillion. Now that’s a pay-for.
Growth is the best pay-for.
Turns out, under the rules of reconciliation, dynamic growth estimates are perfectly legal. Don’t even have to blow up a filibuster. And Dan Clifton of Strategas Research Partners points out that the Senate parliamentarian says it’s fine to use dynamic estimates. Why has Congress been using static forecasts all these years? Nothing more than a bizarre tradition.
So if Mike Enzi, chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, decides to use dynamic scoring, the Trump tax-cut proposals would sail through.
Reconciliation can be whatever you want it to be. It just takes a bit of bravery to buck tradition and drain the static-thinking economic swamp.
Give wage earners and the entire economy the rocket boost they so badly need.
– Larry Kudlow is CNBC’s senior contributor. His new book is JFK and the Reagan Revolution: A Secret History of American Prosperity, written with Brian Domitrovic.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s many detractors tend to forget something important: The power of his office is such that simply by deploying the military might of the United States, he can change the national conversation in an instant. By ordering a missile strike on the Syrian airfield from which the Assad government — and, perhaps, its Russian enablers — attacked civilians with chemical weapons, Trump did just that. It isn’t clear yet whether this is the beginning of a more muscular, sensible approach to foreign policy in general and to Syria, Russia, and Iran in particular. But what we do know is that Trump has just demonstrated a capacity to rethink his previously held positions and to act decisively in response to an outrageous crime — in other words, the capacity to act like a commander-in-chief. This is something few of his critics thought he possessed.
Last night’s strike forced Trump’s media tormentors to stop speculating for the moment about unproven collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. It might also have begun the process of changing the way we think about Trump. We’ve lived through two months of what looked like a presidency in crisis, replete with West Wing palace intrigue and a disastrously failed effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. Trump’s trademark lack of discipline and belligerent disregard for the truth had cratered his favorability ratings, and his failure to break through Washington’s gridlock had created a narrative of incompetence.
Yet in less than a week, Trump just proved that he is capable of reacting to unforeseen events, evaluating the options, and then making what appears to be exactly the right move at exactly the right time. The precision strike on Syria was an appropriate use of force that sent a powerful message to the butcher of Damascus and his patrons — and hopefully to other rogue nations such as North Korea — while avoiding all-out war. Just as important, it reasserted America as a force to be reckoned with and made clear that those who believe the U.S. is too war-weary and afraid of foreign entanglements to respond to the most blatant, brutal war crimes have another thing coming.
It is likely the opposite of what Trump’s critics and even many of his fans might have expected from him. And it highlights, for those who have been unwilling to see it up until now, the scope of his predecessor’s failures.
EDITORIAL: Syria: After the Airstrikes
As even some of Trump’s liberal-media tormentors felt compelled to mention, Syria’s use of chemical weapons was proof that President Obama’s effort to save face following his “red line” fiasco had failed. After threatening strikes but then backing down, Obama punted responsibility for dealing with Assad’s chemical weapons to Russia. The notion that the Syrian government’s key ally would vigorously enforce an agreement to confiscate and destroy all such weapons was always more of a prayer than a policy, but to the end of his presidency Obama insisted that the “red line” episode had turned out well, ignoring proof that Assad retained much of his arsenal. Because the Obama administration so skillfully manipulated its pliant media “echo chamber” — to use former deputy national-security adviser Ben Rhodes’s phrase — it got away with that lie, much in the same way it was allowed to pretend that its deal with Tehran had ended the Iranian nuclear threat, or would in any way restrain the Islamic Republic from continuing to spread terror and seeking regional hegemony through its depredations in Syria.
But whatever former Obama administration officials claim, this week’s sarin-gas attack — and the atrocities inflicted on the citizens of Aleppo last year by the Assad regime and its allies — can be directly tied to the failures of their foreign policy. Had Obama acted in 2013 with anything like the guts shown by Trump this week, it is entirely likely that Assad would not have dared to use chemical weapons again.
Like Trump, Obama faced a variety of difficult and unattractive choices in Syria. Unlike Trump, Obama chose to back down. Trump could have used the same excuses — fear of angering Russia, congressional isolationists, and our unreliable allies — to justify doing nothing this week. Yet when faced with the consequences of Obama’s disgrace, he chose to act. That decision — and the salutary effect it is likely to have on rogue nations — is the strongest possible repudiation of Obama’s legacy.
Obama left the presidency riding a wave of popularity fueled in no small measure by the contrast between his calm and appealing demeanor and the personalities of his two possible successors. But that superficial evaluation seems unlikely to withstand the judgment of history over time. The pictures of Syrian children killed by nerve gas didn’t just remind Trump of his responsibility to act as if he is the leader of the free world; they also brought Obama’s record back into focus.
It remains to be seen whether Trump can build on this success, and we know enough about him to maintain a healthy skepticism that he can. But we also know that through his feckless refusal to act in Syria and his appeasement of Assad’s Russian and Iranian allies, Obama took no small ownership of one of the great human-rights catastrophes of the 21st century. At least as far as Syria is concerned, the narrative of a presidential transition from a wise man to an incompetent fool doesn’t stand up to scrutiny.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter @jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
We’re less than 100 days into the Trump presidency, and already a streak has been maintained: After last night’s airstrike in Syria, each of the last seven American presidents has launched his own entirely new military operation against jihadists or hostile Muslim governments. Yet it’s safe to say that each of them entered office either hoping to avoid new conflicts or believing that they would decisively turn the page and transition to a better, more peaceful Middle East.
Jimmy Carter responded to the Iran hostage crisis with a failed military operation against Tehran. Ronald Reagan bombed Libya and intervened in Lebanon. George H. W. Bush responded to Saddam Hussein’s invasion of Kuwait with the overwhelming force of Desert Storm and launched a humanitarian operation in Somalia that ultimately led to the battle of Mogadishu. Bill Clinton periodically attacked Hussein’s Iraq and lobbed cruise missiles into Sudan and Afghanistan. George W. Bush responded to 9/11 by invading Afghanistan in 2001, and he deposed Hussein in 2003. Barack Obama launched entirely new operations in Libya and Syria while managing the existing Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
By now, Donald Trump has escalated ongoing military operations in Yemen, Syria, and Iran, as well as initiating the aforementioned airstrike against Bashar al-Assad’s regime.
We Americans desperately wish to disengage and move on. Yet like Glenn Close’s character in Fatal Attraction, the terrorists and strongmen keep getting in our faces and declaring that they won’t be ignored. So we’re once again faced with nothing but terrible choices, and the path to peace is as unclear as ever.
EDITORIAL: Syria: After the Airstrikes
There are those who blame persistent American military involvement in foreign conflicts as a product of globalism, neoconservatism, neoliberalism, colonialism, pure greed, or some combination thereof. While there’s no doubt that ideology always plays a role in foreign policy, none of these ideological bogeymen can sufficiently explain why different presidents with different world views tend to find themselves in the same place: forced to launch strikes on the hot sands of the Middle East.
Recent presidential efforts at peace have failed in unique and terrible ways. Bill Clinton tried as hard as he could to broker an Israeli/Palestinian peace settlement; it ended with the bombs and bullets of the Second Intifada. George W. Bush entered office dismissive of “nation-building,” shifted gears after 9/11, and tried to remake the Middle East by building a free and democratic Iraq; instead, we earned a shaky military victory after five years of grinding, bloody counterinsurgency. Obama’s history is equally well-known. He won a Nobel Peace Prize on the strength of his campaign promises, tried to achieve peace in part by tossing away victory in Iraq, watched genocide unfold in Syria, and left office with American troops fighting in more nations than when he took office.
Ultimately, reality transcends ideology, constrains the presidents’ choices, and forces them into the same unpleasant, bloody decisions: There is no getting around the fact that persistent Middle Eastern conflict directly threatens American lives and vital American strategic interests. Presidents with differing ideas and ideologies confront the same intelligence reports and terrorist attacks that make plain our enemy’s capabilities and intentions, and when the immediate choice is between defending America and idealistically disengaging, the former typically prevails.
Even when national security isn’t immediately at risk — as was the case with Assad’s brutal sarin-gas attack on his own people — the combination of justifiable moral outrage and second-order effects such as a vast refugee crisis increases the costs of inaction and pulls America ever closer to the fray.
American politicians and the American people are burdened with a complex set of contradictory desires and goals. We want to defend the nation against terrorists, and we want to stop genocide, especially when it’s achieved through the use of WMDs. At the same time, we don’t want to nation-build, we don’t like civilian casualties, and we don’t like endless or inconclusive wars. We want what we can’t have and politicians want our votes, so they promise what they can’t deliver and the wars grind on.
Donald Trump is learning the same lessons that each of his six predecessors learned. America’s Middle Eastern enemies are evil, and they are hell-bent on killing us, destroying our allies, and, often, committing murder on a genocidal scale. While any given military strike is of course debatable — I think there were better and wiser options than last night’s cruise-missile strike — as a general matter American military involvement in the Middle East is unavoidable.
As I’ve written before, it’s time for Americans to stop thinking about the military “endgame” and forthrightly declare a commitment to the prudent prosecution of ongoing, messy military conflicts. So long as our enemy exists — so long as jihadist ideology, sectarian violence, and Middle Eastern strongmen persist — we must sustain a will to fight.
Welcome to the place where idealism goes to die, Mr. President. Here’s hoping it’s kinder to you than it was to your predecessors.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, an attorney, and a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
When it came to foreign policy, I was worried that the 2016 election would be a case of Clinton delivering the third Obama term. Instead, we have Trump giving us the third Clinton term.
President Donald Trump has now done what candidate Donald Trump committed not to do: He has launched a military strike against a foreign regime — a repulsive one, to be sure — in the absence of any threat, much less any attack, against the United States, in furtherance of no vital American interests.
Trump’s act of war is in violation of the Constitution, which requires congressional authorization for such an offensive use of military force, provoked by no aggression against our nation. Or, as someone once said:
Mind you, that’s just one in a series of “Syria is NOT our problem” tweets in which Trump ripped Obama for not recognizing that “the so called ‘rebels’ may be just as bad (or worse)!”
The U.S. attack is an impulsive intervention in a civil war in which both sides — the Damascus/Tehran/Moscow alliance and its Sunni-jihadist/sharia-supremacist opposition — are hostile to the United States. It is a war in which Bashar al-Assad’s continuation in power, dismal as that prospect may be, is in no way the worst conceivable outcome for American national security.
Further, the missile strike offends sound policy: If the United States has not been attacked or threatened, congressional approval should be sought, not merely for legal purposes but also to ensure that complexities have been thought through and public support for a risky intervention has been won. Here, quite apart from the want of American legal footing, Trump lacks even the fig leaf of international legitimacy — there are none of those cryptic U.N. mandates that progressives prefer to our quaint Constitution.
Supporters of Trump’s aggression indignantly focus on Assad’s latest war crime, the barbaric use of chemical weapons — an apparent sarin-gas attack said to have killed 80 civilians. (It is necessary to qualify media reports of “civilian casualties” in the Syrian conflict, since Assad’s jihadist opposition is frequently referred to as “civilian.”)
I guess Obama’s gone, so we’re all in on “R2P” now. But, to repeat, Trump acted without congressional authorization; and as explained by Harvard’s Jack Goldsmith (a former Bush Defense and Justice Department official), in the absence of a cause rooted in self-defense or a Security Council resolution, there is no international-law justification for military attacks against another country — even one whose regime uses poisonous gases against its own people.
In any event, count me out of the virtue-preening that obsesses over the type of monstrous weapons employed when the issue is the monster using the weapons — of any kind. Both Assad and his opposition jihadists regularly commit atrocious war crimes targeting civilians. It is not beneath Assad, his enablers, or his enemies — al-Qaeda, ISIS, and their fellow militant Islamists, all of whom seek and would use weapons of mass destruction — to enter a village and firebomb or shoot up several dozen civilians (including women, children, and “beautiful babies”) with conventional arms. That is a commonplace, and it is horrifyingly typical of internecine Muslim conflicts, which are happening throughout the region.
The barbarism characteristic of Syria’s years-long civil war is not materially different because chemical weapons have been used, or because President Trump is now inflamed by the graphic images of death and destruction he has seen in government and media reports.
For those of us who have argued for years against Syrian intervention (see, e.g., here, here, here, and here), the situation has not changed. There is no American interest is deposing Assad if he would be replaced by (a) a Sunni sharia-supremacist regime that is more likely than Assad to make Syria a platform for jihadist attacks against our homeland and interests or (b) a Libyan-style failed state that has the same effect. To prevent that would entail a resource-intensive, open-ended commitment of U.S. forces for which the public has no appetite and the cost of which, in the absence of vital American interests, is prohibitive.
Moreover, the principal American enemy pulling Assad’s strings is Iran — now empowered by eight years of Obama’s appeasement and emboldened by an alliance with Putin. Until we have a strategy for both vanquishing the Sunni jihadists and choking the regime in Tehran (which supports the jihadists against us when it is not fighting them on behalf of Assad), attacking the Syrian regime is pointless.
In fact, it may be worse than pointless. Trump has been telling Americans for over a year that our myopic focus in Syria should be ISIS. He has been wrong about this (Iran aside, al-Qaeda has extended its influence while ISIS grabs the headlines); but at least it was a strategy based on the reality that ISIS, more than Assad, posed a significant threat to attack the U.S. and our allies. Accordingly, accommodations had been made with Russia — particularly in sharing air space — in order to promote U.S.-led coalition attacks against ISIS. Last night’s missile strike against the Syrian air base puts an end to those accommodations. Is the Assad attack worth it if it makes the ISIS campaign more difficult?
In response to such arguments, Trump’s supporters tout the “proportionality” of last night’s Tomahawk strike. Thus do progressive Republicans continue to join Democrats in distorting this military concept. Proportionality means that a use of force, and the collateral damage it is sure to entail, should be reasonably related to the military value of a lawful objective. It does not mean that an unauthorized, unprovoked attack is legitimate as long as it’s not too big.
An aggressive missile attack on another country is an act of war. If we were on the receiving end of it, we would not be very impressed by claims that it was “proportional.” Recall how Obama was skewered — from the left as well as the right — for making similar arguments about his unprovoked attacks on Libya. And what are we going to say when Putin cites last night’s strike as justification for his own unilateral but “proportional” attacks in Eastern Europe?
Perhaps mindful of these considerations, Trump officials are busily assuring everyone today that last night’s aggression was just a one-off. Indeed, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson provided the dizzying explanation that an attack on the Syrian regime did not signal any change in our policy of not attacking the Syrian regime, except to the extent that we were previously against pushing for regime change but now “steps are underway” to achieve regime change.
Got that?
And what is going to replace Assad? The administration will have to get back to us on that one.
If these signals mean what they appear to mean, last night’s attack will be a Clintonesque pin prick: Lob a few missiles, appear to act forcefully for U.S. public consumption, but achieve nothing while emboldening our enemies — convincing them that we are impulsive, unserious, and united on neither a commitment to fight nor an objective to be achieved. Meanwhile, we are unlikely to change Assad’s behavior — it is apt to get worse with the saber-rattling about regime change. And we will encourage more bad behavior from Russia, which means more bad behavior from Iran.
At least, that’s what Donald Trump used to say.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
A 13-year-old Phoenix boy with deadly osteosarcoma is forced to move to London with his family to get access to a life-saving medicine — a drug that was developed by doctors at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Texas, received a prestigious award in the United Kingdom, and was determined to be safe and effective by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), but is not approved for use here in America. A 64-year-old Vietnam veteran with neuroendocrine carcinoid cancer is forced to spend his retirement savings to get a cancer treatment in Germany that has been standard care in Europe since 1996, but was unavailable in the United States.
Every year, Americans are forced to go abroad to get drugs or treatments that have been deemed safe and effective in Europe and advanced non-European countries with the most scientifically rigorous approval processes in the world. Dr. Scott Gottlieb, who is appearing on Capitol Hill this week for his confirmation hearings to be the next commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), should be asked what the Trump administration plans to do for these Americans — and how it plans to help those who are too sick (or simply cannot afford) to travel abroad for treatments that should be available to them right here at home.
If the Trump administration wants to help sick and dying Americans get faster access to innovative new treatments, one of the best ways would be to get behind legislation introduced by Senator Ted Cruz (R., Texas) that would establish reciprocity with countries — including the European Union, Canada, Japan, and Australia — that have a proven record of approving safe and effective drugs. Under the RESULT Act, manufacturers of drugs, medical devices, and biologics that have been approved in these countries would be allowed to file for reciprocal FDA approval. The FDA would then have 30 days to either approve the application, conditionally approve it (while requiring submission of additional post-market data), or deny it. The burden of proof would be on the FDA to show cause for such a denial, and the decision could be overturned by a vote of both houses of Congress.
The RESULT Act could have saved the life of Emily Stillman, a Kalamazoo College student who contracted meningitis B in a 2103 campus outbreak that also affected students at Georgetown, Princeton, San Diego State, Drexel, and University of California–Santa Barbara. A vaccine for meningitis B called Bexsero had been approved in the European Union, Australia, and Canada, but was not available in the United States, so university administrators had to apply to the FDA for special permission to import it and administer it to their students. That took nine months — too long for Emily, who died before the vaccine arrived. Amazingly, it took the FDA almost two more years after Emily’s death to finally approve Bexsero for general use in the United States. If there had been reciprocity between the EMA and the FDA, there would have been no need for American college students facing a deadly outbreak of meningitis B to wait to get the life-saving vaccine.
Or take idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), a fatal lung disease for which there was no effective treatment, until a drug company named InterMune developed a breakthrough therapy called pirfenidone that reduces scarring in the lungs and thus extends life. In March 2010, an FDA advisory panel recommended approval of pirfenidone, but the FDA said no and demanded additional data. The FDA did not finally approve the drug until October 15, 2014 — two years after Health Canada, three years and eight months after the EMA, and four years and seven months after its own advisory committee voted overwhelmingly to approve it. About 40,000 Americans die each year of IPF. That means an estimated 183,000 Americans lost their lives while the FDA was dithering, withholding the only known treatment for this disease.
The problem is not limited to drugs. For example, in November 2011 the FDA approved a revolutionary device called the Sapien Transcatheter Heart Valve — the first artificial heart valve that can replace an aortic heart valve without open-heart surgery. Clinical studies showed that almost 70 percent of patients who received the valve were alive after a year, compared with just 50 percent of those who received an alternative treatment. Great news, except for one problem: The Sapien valve had been approved in Europe in 2007 — some four years before the FDA acted. How many Americans died during that time who might otherwise have been saved?
Reciprocity will give a voice — and a chance — to the countless Americans who are dying silently each year while promising treatments are bottled up at the FDA. Doctors without Borders is famous for saving patients regardless of where they live. Medical advances, too, should be freed from false borders. If a treatment cures breast cancer in Sweden, it will cure the same cancer in Florida. Reciprocity will bring those treatments to U.S. shores faster — and that will save American lives.
— Darcy Olsen is the CEO of the Goldwater Institute and the author of The Right to Try: How the Federal Government Prevents Americans from Getting the Lifesaving Treatments They Need.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The vote was held and the sky didn’t fall. Though liberals solemnly proclaimed that tradition and even the fabric of democracy were in peril, when the Senate moved to change the rules to allow a simple majority to get a vote on a Supreme Court nomination, the result was hardly revolutionary. Filibusters on nominations are a relatively recent innovation and were almost unknown until Democrats sought to stop George W. Bush’s picks. But the most important point about what has just happened is that it was absolutely necessary. We can debate which side is more at fault in getting us to the point where Court confirmations have become a steel-cage partisan wrestling match, but going nuclear was going to have to happen if we were ever to get back to nine justices, no matter who had won the 2016 presidential election or which party controlled the Senate.
Like the Republicans who spouted endless sermons about the virtues of a so-called tradition after then–majority leader Harry Reid ended the filibuster for lower-court nominations, Democrats are declaring today’s vote to be the effective end of the U.S. Senate, if not American democracy.
This is absurdity on wheels and it ill becomes the party that turned Judge Robert Bork’s name into a verb and first weaponized the filibuster as a routine way of preventing a president from filling appeals-court vacancies, only in the last 15 years. Yet they’re right to point out that the current atmosphere in which there is no common ground between the parties is very different from the way the Senate used to operate. The problem is not so much their pretense of virtue but the refusal to recognize that the only way out of the current impasse is to recognize that Congress, without the filibuster-rules change, will really cease to function effectively.
It is in the nature of partisan politics that Democrats have to represent their attempt to demonize a mainstream and highly respected jurist like Neil Gorsuch as an expression of principle. So, too, is their continued effort to relitigate the refusal of Senate Republicans to even consider President Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland last year. The stonewalling of Garland looked unreasonable, but, in retrospect, it was actually merciful. Had Garland been granted a hearing, he would have been subjected by Republicans to the same kind of unreasonable vilification and distortions of his record that Gorsuch just got from the Democrats. The only difference is that Gorsuch suffered the ordeal secure in the knowledge that — thanks to the invocation of the nuclear option by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell — he would eventually be confirmed. Garland would have been put through the same torture knowing there was no chance he would ever sit on the Supreme Court.
That is a function of our polarized politics. It is utterly disingenuous to claim, as Democrats are now doing, that filibusters are a force for bipartisanship because they require the parties to seek consensus. The inescapable fact about American politics in the 21st century is that such consensus is no longer possible. The unwillingness of Republicans to consider a mainstream liberal such as Garland or for Democrats to make their peace with a mainstream conservative such as Gorsuch is a commentary on our bifurcated society. Americans no longer watch, listen to, or read the same media as their counterparts on the other side of the political aisle, and scorched-earth political warfare is the inevitable result. Filibusters can’t fix that, because there is no common ground left between two party bases that think the worst of each other. All the requirement for a 60-vote Senate supermajority achieves is to thwart whichever side happens to be in charge on every possible issue.
When it comes to the legislative agenda — for which neither party has threatened to end the filibuster — that’s not altogether a bad thing even if it is frustrating. The Founders of our republic intended to make change difficult, and even if the filibuster wasn’t part of their plan for the Senate, it does fit in with the idea that it would act as a check on the House of Representatives, which is more likely to be swayed by the passions of the moment. But in our current political environment, the requirement of a supermajority simply means neither side can ever get a justice confirmed no matter how highly qualified he or she might be.
It is a given that, had Hillary Clinton won in November, Republicans would have filibustered any nominee of hers whether or not they retained their Senate majority. Given the fact that their liberal base doesn’t accept the legitimacy of the election results or President Trump, Democrats were never going to give anyone he named to the Court a chance either. The nuclear option was the only, and painfully obvious, remedy.
Nor does it necessarily follow that majority rule is the thin edge of the wedge to tyranny on court nominations than on any other issue where we normally apply that rule. The arguments for or against retaining the filibuster have always been cynical. In the early 1990s, the New York Times editorial page called for its abolition. A decade later, when it was useful to liberals fighting George W. Bush, they demanded its retention. Only a few years later, when Democrats won back the Senate in 2006, they flip-flopped again and denounced GOP obstructionism against the enlightened policies and nominees of Barack Obama. Now they again regard it as the last ditch of democracy since it was a way to thwart Trump. Where you stand on the issue of a filibuster has always depended on where you sit.
So it’s way past time for serious people to drop the hypocritical arguments, understand that contemporary politics isn’t a gentleman’s game, and adjust accordingly. Once they return to power at some point in the future, Democrats can and will use the fallout from this extension of the nuclear option to confirm judges they like. Conservatives won’t like it, but, as President Obama was fond of saying after his victories in 2008 and 2012, “elections have consequences.” Rather than the death knell of democracy, recognition of that principle is the only way to allow it to go on functioning at a point in history when the two parties have so little in common.
– Jonathan S. Tobin is the opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributing writer for National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter at: @jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
‘The human heart is created for the truth, and the truth is meant for the human heart. Too often we separate these two or even set them at odds with each other — thus the great ‘liberal’ and ‘conservative’ debates: truth versus love, dogma versus charity. In fact, these two are to be united, and it is part of a priest’s duty to establish that union.”
Father Paul Scalia, a priest of the Archdiocese of Arlington, Va. — and son of the late Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia — writes the above in his new book, That Nothing May Be Lost: Reflections on Catholic Doctrine and Devotion, a volume that he says is a fruit of his two decades of pastoral experience. The book includes section introductions by people who have had an impact on his own faith. He writes about truth, the priesthood, the book, and his father in an interview with National Review Online.
	 
Kathryn Jean Lopez: Regarding the title of your book, what are you worried might be lost? Why are you so concerned?
Father Paul Scalia: In general terms, we do not want to lose any truth that our Lord has given us. I hope that both my essays and those of the contributors will help keep His life-giving truths present to us. Specifically, another way of understanding the title is in light of the essential, organic union of doctrine and devotion. We should keep that safe . . . not allow it to be lost.
We live in a culture that has a hazy notion of the “spiritual” but little use for doctrine. However, without true doctrine (it’s a bad word in our culture, I know), the spiritual inevitably becomes either pure sentimentality or (worse) open to the deceptions of the evil one. Many people speak about being “spiritual but not religious,” by which I presume they mean that they think there is something supernatural . . . and perhaps they pray, but not according to any creed or religious tenet. Although it sounds like freedom, this is in fact a dangerous approach. To enter the spiritual realm without direction and according to one’s own whims either breeds superficiality or opens oneself up to spirits that are not God or of God.
The devotional life — by which I mean our prayers, sacrifices, worship; in a word, our personal relationship with God — this must be firmly rooted in the truth. Otherwise, we risk being devoted to our own imaginings. Conversely, in order for true doctrine to realize its purpose, it must find expression in the devotional life. The Church’s teachings are not meant to remain purely in the intellectual realm. They are meant to shape us and to be lived by us.
	 
Lopez: Why is “the bond of Christian people and their priests . . . the strength of the Church in a skeptical world,” as Philadelphia archbishop Charles Chaput writes in the introduction to your book?
Scalia: Soon after Cardinal Ratzinger became Pope Benedict XVI, a man in my parish — the husband of a parishioner — decided to become Catholic. He was inspired by the election of Benedict. But unlike many of us, he knew nothing about Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger. That was not the draw. It was, as he explained, because he saw the Catholic world rejoice to have a father — a papa, a pope. He wanted to be part of that family.
The union of the pope with the people is a real spiritual bond. It also points to the more important bond of the children of God with their Heavenly Father. I think we see this also in the natural order. One of the most inspiring and enduring literary themes is that of a father and child. It expresses something that is deep within the human heart: to be reconciled with the Father.
This holds true on the local — the parish — level. (Tip O’Neill once quipped that “all politics is local.” So is all salvation.) The bond of the Christian people with their spiritual fathers — priests — both points to and enables them to enjoy that more profound bond with their heavenly Father. Just as the ministry of the apostles was central in the first years of the Church, so also today the apostolic faith continues by way of priestly ministry.
	 
Lopez: What can we all learn from the life and death of Lizz Lovett, who wrote one of the chapter introductions for your book?
Scalia: I was privileged to be present for both Lizz’s baptism and her funeral — for her entrance into the Church and her entrance into heaven. Two words that come to mind in thinking of her beautiful example are docility and joy. Docility, of course, is not a quality that a lot of us would want to be known for. It smacks of weakness. But docility — “teachability,” you could say — enables us to receive divine truth peacefully and in a manner that truly transforms us. That is what I saw in Lizz when I was instructing her in the faith. She received and interiorized the Church’s teachings both swiftly and deeply. Ultimately, this quality in her would enable her to trust in the Lord as she struggled with cancer and faced death itself.
And joy. Lizz lived the faith with a levity and joy that was truly enviable. Some people can hold the faith in a brittle, white-knuckled, sort of way. They seem uncomfortable and can make others uncomfortable. Not Lizz. You could tell she was comfortable in her Catholic skin. She lived the faith joyfully, even as she approached a painful death.
One of the most beautiful memories I have of Lizz was her first Good Friday, the day before she was baptized. As you know, during the Liturgy of the Lord’s Passion the faithful come forward and kiss the crucifix in veneration. Most do it in a perfunctory, detached, even somewhat sterile manner — a hasty peck of the lips, or perhaps just a bow of the head. Lizz came forward quite innocently and, in a self-forgetful manner, took the crucifix from my hands and gave our crucified Lord an unfeigned, heartfelt kiss. An audible “smack” was heard. She immediately blushed for having her devotion so revealed. I have often thought of that moment and that the Father must have gladly received the soul of one with such childlike love for His crucified Son.
	 
Lopez: How are saints “masterpieces,” as you write?
Scalia: First, because they are beautiful. A life of moral excellence is beautiful. People realize this without knowing it. People intuited and would perhaps remark that Mother Teresa was beautiful. At the risk of sounding irreverent, in physical terms this was not true. But people still sensed a genuine beauty about her — something deeper than just her physical appearance that drew them.
The first chapter of Genesis depicts God as a great architect or artisan, constructing an orderly and beautiful world. His works in the order of grace are even more beautiful. He is the cause of the interior beauty and moral excellence that we find in the saints. Most importantly, He wants to work His artistry of grace in each of us. He seeks to form us by divine teaching and to transform us by His grace. This is the noble call of each person, to enter into such a union and relationship that everyone becomes another masterpiece.
	 
Lopez: Do you think of your father when you happen upon news Supreme Court news , particularly about Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing? How do you think of your father?
Scalia: The news does not really figure into my thinking about my dad. I think of him in terms of my family, his influence on all of us, and our love for him. Of course, we are always proud to hear of him praised in the news. But the more important memories of him are as Dad.
	 
Lopez: There were many accolades for your homily during your father’s funeral Mass; how did you receive them? What are your prayers for anyone who might still happen upon it, particularly in this book, which includes the text?
Scalia: My father’s funeral was a blessed example of the Church at prayer and a tribute to so many prayers of intercession. The occasion was, obviously, extraordinary — the funeral of a notable Catholic figure, at the National Shrine, with his son presiding. But aside from that, the Mass was simply what the Church asks a funeral Mass to be. The reverence and beauty of it are a credit to the Church’s liturgy and to the prayerfulness of the congregation. It is rare for so many people to come together with such devotion and reverence. My prayers for those who read that homily are the same as for any who mourn: a conversion of heart in light of eternity.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Palace intrigue dominated news of the Trump White House this week, as rumors swirled that populist chief strategist Steve Bannon had lost influence to Gary Cohn, the registered Democrat who heads the National Economic Council. Now, elsewhere in the administration, another power play appears to be under way: Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, made a splash with a highly visible trip to Iraq on behalf of the White House, and is handling portfolios involving parts of U.S. policy toward China, the Middle East, and Mexico. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson looks increasingly marginalized.
This has happened before. For nearly five years, Richard Nixon kept his old friend Bill Rogers as his nominal secretary of state, while the real diplomatic clout was wielded by Henry Kissinger, the national-security adviser. It was Kissinger who arranged Nixon’s historic visit to China, successfully pursued nuclear-arms-reduction talks with the Soviet Union, and led negotiations with Hanoi to end the Vietnam War. Cynics dubbed Rogers the “secretary of the links” because of all the time he had to play golf. “You could walk through Rogers’ deepest influence on foreign policy and not get your ankles wet,” cracked the late Nixon speechwriter and columnist William Safire.
No one is suggesting that Tillerson, the type-A former CEO of ExxonMobil, will allow himself to be satisfied with a golf cart. But he certainly appears not to have a front-row seat on many foreign-policy issues. He was absent at President Trump’s meetings with the leaders of Israel, Canada, and Japan, and he wasn’t consulted on Trump’s botched executive order restricting non-citizen entry to the U.S. The White House overruled his pick of Elliott Abrams as the No. 2 man at State after Trump was made aware that Abrams had publicly criticized him during the 2016 campaign.
To date, Tillerson is Trump’s only political appointee at the State Department; two dozen other such posts remain unfilled, and the vacuum could have serious consequences. “The longer Tillerson is ‘home alone’ at State, the more he relies on Obama holdovers who don’t have the administration’s best interests at heart,” one former State Department official told me. “The more that happens, the less willing the White House is to give Tillerson the staff he wants.”
Case in point: When the conservative group Judicial Watch went into federal district court this month to seek the release of State Department documents relating to Hillary Clinton’s e-mail server, it was opposed by Richard Visek, an Obama holdover who is still the acting legal adviser at Foggy Bottom. “The State Department’s position is that we won’t get all the documents until 2020. On issue after issue, they haven’t given an inch in favor of transparency,” Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton told me. “There has been no change from the delaying tactics of the Obama Administration — especially on the Clinton e-mail issue. The Trump administration should be all about transparency.”
Defenders of Tillerson say that their man has been hurt by the open hostility Trump aides display toward State. White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters in January that Foreign Service officers who objected to Trump’s travel ban “should either get with the program, or they can go.” The Trump budget proposal released in March would cut State’s funding by 37 percent. “It’s hard to be secretary of state if they take away all your soft power,” a Tillerson ally told me.
It’s fair to argue that a recalcitrant State Department is best dealt with through engagement and confrontation rather than by being isolated and left to atrophy into uselessness. It’s also all too easy to concentrate foreign-policy decision making in the White House, the way Nixon did. “They really want to blow this place up,” one State Department official told the Atlantic in March. “I don’t think this administration thinks the State Department needs to exist. They think Jared [Kushner] can do everything.”
As tempting as it must seem to President Trump, caution flags should be raised if he decides to make the White House his de facto State Department. While Trump believes he can close deals with foreign leaders like no one else can, someone has to pave the way for those deals, and a State Department led by Trump appointees is the best bet to fill the role. Blowing up bureaucratic agencies can be a good thing at times, but simply ignoring the fact that they exist is likely to be shortsighted and lead to unwanted surprises.
— John Fund is National Review’s national-affairs columnist.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The House Intelligence Committee reportedly wants former national-security adviser Susan Rice to testify in the probe of alleged Russian election interference, which now includes evidence that Obama officials may have improperly used intelligence gathered on President Trump’s transition team.
We’ve been incessantly assured there’s nothing to this story. Perhaps. This week, though, Rice felt the need to seek out a friendly face in NBC’s Andrea Mitchell — although there were plenty to choose from — to tell us that she never improperly unmasked any Trump transition officials whose conversations were caught on surveillance.
Now, there are a number of worthy follow-ups that Mitchell forgot to ask. But since Rice says nothing unethical transpired, there should be no problem in her answering those queries under oath.
For instance: Why did you lie to PBS about having no knowledge of the unmasking of Trump officials or family?
On the heels of the allegations made by Representative Devin Nunes (R., Calif.), Rice was asked whether the Obama administration had unmasked Trump transition members swept up in surveillance of other individuals. “I know nothing about this,” she claimed at the time. “I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.” She didn’t say “so much of this is routine, I’m unsure,” or “it would be completely inappropriate for me to talk about intelligence reports.” She said, “I know nothing” and “I was surprised.”
After retweeting an ally who claimed that Rice’s words were distorted, Rice wrote, “I said I did not know what reports Nunes was referring to when he spoke to the press.”
The transcript says otherwise. Judy Woodruff correctly and broadly laid out the situation, and then asked a straightforward question. She said: “We’ve been following a disclosure by . . . Devin Nunes that in essence, during the final days of the Obama administration, during the transition after President Trump had been elected, he and the people around him may have been caught up in surveillance of foreign individuals and that their identities may have been disclosed. Do you know anything about this?”
Rice replied, “I know nothing about this.”
What are the chances that a national-security adviser forgot she had asked for intelligence reports on members of the incoming administration? This is the same woman who went on national television and repeatedly lied that the Islamic terror attacks of September 11, 2012, in Benghazi were a “spontaneous reaction” to a “hateful and offensive video.”
So, Ambassador Rice, did you request that the identities of Trump campaign officials, transition-team members, or family members be unmasked?
Is it normal for high-level officials to request for names of political players to be unmasked in raw intelligence?
Ben Rhodes, one of the most frazzled former Obama officials on social media these days, tweeted yesterday, “Bullying people into covering routine work of any senior nat sec official as news is clear effort to distract from Qs about Trump and Russia.”
Is it really the “routine work” of top national-security officials to proactively collect information on incoming officials of the opposition political party? Sounds like a bad idea. Is this something Rhodes endorses for Trump officials as well? Is it okay to share this information with chief White House strategist Steve Bannon?
Bloomberg’s Eli Lake reported this week that Rice allegedly “requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign.” It was not something that was plopped on her desk – incidentally — by some functionary.
Which individual in government initially provided you with the raw intelligence reports containing the masked Trump-team identities?
Which Trump-team members did you specifically ask to be unmasked? And why did you ask for their identities to be unmasked?
In what way did unmasking these people have foreign-intelligence value?
In what way was this done to protect the American people?
If Nunes is telling the truth — and despite a widespread effort to make him look like a liar, he’s been right so far — then this incidental collection had nothing to do with Russian-collusion charges. Why have the media shown such little curiosity about the subject matter of the collection?
Yes, reporters, we know that “unmasking” is legal. So is meeting with a Russian ambassador during a campaign. And no, it does not vindicate Trump’s tweet. Stressing the legality of the unmasking is a way to distract from the real questions: Did Rice abuse her power? With whom did she share the intelligence? Why? Did those people then leak the information for political purposes? That is illegal.
Rice says she gave “nothing to nobody.”
Ambassador Rice, do you swear under oath that you have never leaked any classified information to anyone in the media ever?
Did you share the information you garnered about the Trump transition team with anybody, whether inside or outside the federal government?
Did anybody ask you to collect the unmasked information or to disseminate it?
After all, erstwhile civil libertarians have been warning about the potential for this sort of abuse for many years. Now, this isn’t exactly how they imagined it unfolding, of course, but it doesn’t make the charges any less serious.
— David Harsanyi is a senior editor of The Federalist and the author of The People Have Spoken (and They Are Wrong): The Case Against Democracy. Follow him on Twitter @davidharsanyi. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In the aftermath of the Assad regime’s barbaric gassing of men, women, and children, President Trump declared from the Rose Garden, “When you kill innocent children, innocent babies — babies, little babies — with a chemical gas that is so lethal . . . that crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line.”
This was a reference to Barack Obama’s infamous — and infamously unenforced — “red line” statement from 2012, in which he strongly suggested that if Syrian president Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons in his effort to destroy rebel forces, America would intervene. Then Assad used chemical weapons, and Obama dithered. Syria has since become an abattoir, and Assad has slowly gained the upper hand, thanks largely to assistance from the Russians and Iranians.
During his campaign, Trump rightly excoriated Obama for squandering American credibility. But Trump also repeatedly insisted that America would not get involved in conflicts that weren’t any of our business.
It remains to be seen what Trump will actually do as a consequence of these multiple line drawings, but it seems clear that he intends to do something, or at least he wants to leave that impression.
That seemed to be the point of Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley’s powerful presentation at the U.N. this week, in which she suggested that it may be necessary for the U.S. to act unilaterally in Syria. (Full disclosure: My wife works for Haley.)
I am sympathetic to the Trump administration’s disgust with the Assad regime. And I am open to, if skeptical of, any measures that could improve the situation on the ground. If we could dispatch a drone that rendered Assad a fine pink mist without starting a war with Russia or handing Syria over to al-Qaeda, I’d be all for it. Some people just need killing.
But if we’ve learned anything from the last few decades in the Middle East, it’s that nothing there is easy and good motives don’t necessarily yield good results. The Iraq War, which I supported, is hardly an experience anyone would like to repeat.
Likewise, the Obama administration’s intervention in Libya hasn’t exactly yielded a better, safer world or region. Libya today is a failed state and a safe haven for ISIS. Moreover, by toppling Moammar Qaddafi after he had complied with our demands to hand over his weapons of mass destruction, the Obama administration sent the message that it doesn’t pay to play ball with the West. Despots are better off having WMDs they can threaten us with, as the North Koreans and Iranians firmly believe.
But what is true of interventions can also be true of non-interventions. However much of a mistake the Iraq War was, Obama’s decision to turn his back on Iraq made things worse, not least by making it easier for ISIS to metastasize. The debacle of the Libyan intervention was a major reason for the Obama administration’s hands-off approach toward Syria.
It’s unknowable whether intervention of some kind in 2013 would have yielded a better result in Syria than what we have today. But if intervention is in the cards, as it seems to be, it probably would have been better to do it then than now. The “good” rebels were stronger and more plentiful then than they are today. Assad was weaker. Russia and Iran were less dug in. And, not least important, hundreds of thousands of Syrians were still alive, and millions more were not living in ideologically fetid refugee camps, or trying to flee into Europe.
Ultimately, the crisis facing the Trump administration exposes the impotency of so-called realism in the real world. Realists tend to claim that they are uniquely concerned with pursuing rational policies solely in our national interest. This is nonsense, given that all foreign-policy schools claim the national interest as their lodestar, and determining the national interest is an inherently ideological enterprise. More to the point, so-called realism tends to be defenseless against the shock of events.
Obama came into office promising to be a realist, albeit of a liberal sort. In 2007, he said that preventing a potential genocide wasn’t a good enough reason to stay in Iraq. But in 2011, he said intervening in Libya was justified because Qaddafi was killing thousands. Why the change? It’s hard to be president when the horrible images and the shouts of “Do something!” start rolling in.
That’s a lesson Trump, who also campaigned as a realist and non-interventionist, is learning. I hope he chooses wisely.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
For euphemism, dissimulation, and outright hypocrisy, there is nothing quite as entertaining as the periodic Senate dust-ups over Supreme Court appointments and the filibuster. The arguments for and against the filibuster are so well known to both parties as to be practically memorized. Both nonetheless argue their case with great shows of passion and conviction. Then shamelessly switch sides — and scripts — depending on the ideology of the nominee.
Everyone appeals to high principle, when everyone knows these fights are about raw power. When Democrat Harry Reid had the majority in the Senate and Barack Obama in the White House, he abolished the filibuster in 2013 for sub–Supreme Court judicial appointments in order to pack three liberal judges onto the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Bad karma, bad precedent, he was warned. Republicans would one day be in charge. That day is here and Republicans have just stopped a Democratic filibuster of Neil Gorsuch by extending the Reid Rule to the Supreme Court.
To be sure, there are reasoned arguments to be offered on both sides of the filibuster question. It is true that the need for a supermajority does encourage compromise and coalition building. But given the contemporary state of hyperpolarization — the liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats of 40 years ago are long gone — the supermajority requirement today merely guarantees inaction, which, in turn, amplifies the current popular disgust with politics in general and Congress in particular. In my view, that makes paring back the vastly overused filibuster, on balance, a good thing.
Moreover, killing the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations (the so-called nuclear option) yields two gratifications: It allows a superb young conservative jurist to ascend to the seat once held by Antonin Scalia. And it constitutes condign punishment for the reckless arrogance of Reid and his erstwhile Democratic majority.
RELATED: Play with Fire, Get Nuked
A major reason these fights over Supreme Court nominations have become so bitter and unseemly is the stakes — the political stakes. The Supreme Court has become more than ever a superlegislature. From abortion to gay marriage, it has appropriated to itself the final word. It rules — and the normal democratic impulses, expressed through the elected branches, are henceforth stifled.
Why have we had almost half a century of massive street demonstrations over abortion? Because the ballot box is not available. The court has spoken, and the question is supposedly settled for all time.
This transfer of legislative authority has suited American liberalism rather well. When you command the allegiance of 20 to 25 percent of the population (as measured by Gallup), you know that whatever control you will have of the elected branches will be fleeting (2009–10, for example). So how do you turn the political order in your direction? Capture the courts.
They are what banks were to Willie Sutton. They are where you go for the right political outcomes. Note how practically every argument at the Gorsuch hearings was about political outcomes. Where would he come out on abortion? Gay marriage? The Democrats pretended this was about principle, e.g., the sanctity of precedent. But everyone knows which precedents they selectively cherish: Roe v. Wade and, more recently, Obergefell v. Hodges.
RELATED: The Dumbest Filibuster
Liberalism does not want to admit that the Court has become its last reliable instrument for achieving its political objectives. So liberals have created a great philosophical superstructure to justify their freewheeling, freestyle constitutional interpretation. They present themselves as defenders of a “living Constitution,” under which the role of the Court is to reflect the evolving norms of society. With its finger on the pulse of the people, the Court turns contemporary culture into constitutional law.
But this is nonsense. In a democracy, what better embodiment of evolving norms can there be than elected representatives? By what logic are the norms of a vast and variegated people better reflected in nine appointed lawyers produced by exactly three law schools?
If anything, the purpose of a constitutional court such as ours is to enforce old norms that have preserved both our vitality and our liberty for 230 years. How? By providing a rugged, reliable frame within which the political churnings of each generation take place.
The Gorsuch nomination is a bitter setback to the liberal project of using the courts to ratchet leftward the law and society. However, Gorsuch’s appointment simply preserves the Court’s ideological balance of power. Wait for the next nomination. Having gratuitously forfeited the filibuster, Democrats will be facing the loss of the Court for a generation.
Condign punishment indeed.
— Charles Krauthammer’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 The Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Mitch McConnell did the right thing by deploying “the nuclear option,” taking away the filibuster as a tool of Democratic obstruction in the matter of Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court.
But we should take a moment to mourn the filibuster nonetheless.
And we ought to take a much longer moment to mourn the collapse of a political culture that produced leaders with senses of responsibility sufficient to be trusted with such a tool.
We sometimes speak of organizations that run “like a fine-tuned machine.” Our federal government is not one of those organizations, though it is, as democratic republics go, arguably the finest machine going and the oldest extant design. In that it is a little like the Porsche 911. Do you know what the most expensive performance option currently offered on a Porsche 911 is? Superior brakes. As passengers in my beloved 1982 Honda Prelude learned from time to time, an excellent machine that can accelerate but cannot quite stop provides a dangerous and terrifying ride.
The Senate, with its minority-empowering rules and procedures, is one of the federal government’s most important brakes. Every branch has a brake: The president has his veto, the Supreme Court is pretty much all brake, and the legislative branch has a complex braking mechanism: Congress is divided against itself, with the unruly and robustly democratic House often frustrated — by design — by the Senate, which before the direct election of its members had an even less democratic character than it does today. (The 17th Amendment is a scar on the Constitution and one of the worst of the idealistic measures of the Progressive era; surely Republicans looking at the current situation in the state legislatures must lament it.) The committee structure is another important decelerator.
The filibuster gets a bad rap, in no small part because Democrats have used it to nasty ends. The most infamous filibuster was Strom Thurmond’s 24-hour-plus assault against Republican civil-rights legislation being shepherded through Congress by the Eisenhower administration with the assistance of Richard Nixon. Huey Long, the subtropical Bernie Sanders, used the filibuster to keep control over patronage jobs in Louisiana. I personally prefer the Republican filibuster, especially the one during which Senator Rand Paul attempted to browbeat his less courageous colleagues into submission by reading them my columns. That was a good filibuster.
Senator Paul was working to draw attention to the serious question of the U.S. government’s conducting drone assassinations around the world, a project that has included the extrajudicial killing of U.S. citizens. That’s a real issue. Senator Alfonse D’Amato (remember him?), a New York Republican (remember those?), read his colleagues the phone book in his stand against a military-spending bill, and Fighting Bob La Follette, a Wisconsin Republican who was not as fond of fighting as his nickname implied, filibustered against a measure that he believed would draw the United States into the war against Germany in 1917. That’s consequential stuff.
Chuck Schumer is full of a different kind of stuff.
There isn’t a serious case to be made against Neil Gorsuch, who was unanimously confirmed to the federal bench — not a single Democratic holdout — only a few years ago. Democrats might complain that this is only a tit-for-tat payback for Republicans’ doing to Barack Obama what Joe Biden dreamed of doing to George H. W. Bush in 1992. And the people who conducted the shameful jihad against Robert Bork and who manufactured a phony sexual-harassment case against Clarence Thomas can hardly cry “They started it!” If you want to complain about the ugliness surrounding Supreme Court nominations, go dig up Teddy Kennedy’s wretched old bones and yell at them.
But here’s the thing: Congress is known to do really dumb things from time to time. (Muppet News Flash!) Majorities often are even dumber than minorities, and, at the risk of resorting to shallow bipartisanship, there is no reason to believe that a stampeding herd of elephants is any less of a danger to our liberties and property than is a stampeding herd of jackasses. It would be good to have an instrument empowering the occasional sober senator to stand up from time to time and say, “I know that there are 51 of you in favor of this, but I am not entirely sure that we should trade the contents of Fort Knox for a bag of magic beans.”
A filibuster, a majority, a committee chairmanship, a loaded gun: Each of these deserves to be handled with care and with prudence, a commodity for which there simply is no substitute. George Washington is supposed to have said that government is “like fire, a dangerous servant and a fearful master.” Sometimes, people who play with fire get burned.
Sometimes, they get nuked.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The world was privy to a lamentably familiar sequence of events this week. The Syrian regime once again used chemical weapons, this time a potent nerve agent, on civilians. The world reacted with revulsion at the carnage. The political class resolves to “never again” witness such a slaughter. United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley demanded that Assad’s benefactors in Tehran and Moscow acquiesce to some form of punishment, as her predecessor did before her, or else “we may” act alone. But what is it that we are prepared to do, precisely? Not much. The sad fact is that the window in which the U.S. might have helped to positively resolve the Syrian crisis closed long ago. The Obama administration’s desperate effort to avoid entanglement in that confused and bloody civil war only made the crisis worse. Today, the bill for that irrational commitment to non-intervention has come due.
Doctrinally opposed to the kind of preemptive action that George W. Bush took against Saddam Hussein and snakebit by the chaos that followed the collapse of Moammar Qaddafi’s regime in Libya, the Obama administration had no taste for intervention in Syria. The Obama administration’s credibility lay in tatters amid the bodies of the anti-Assad demonstrators that began to pile up in 2012. The principle of the West’s “responsibility to protect” civilians (the “R2P” doctrine”), which led the Obama administration to intervention in the Libyan civil war, had been rendered non-operational by the president’s inconsistency. Only when the Assad regime appeared ready to deploy chemical munitions did Obama even countenance the prospect of intervention.
One year after Obama drew his infamous “red line,” and after a series of civilian massacres, the president did appear to commit himself to a perfunctory effort to punish Bashar al-Assad. Yet somehow, the attempt to drum up support for an air campaign against Assad that would have been “just muscular enough not to get mocked,” as one U.S. official put it at the time, but not so devastating as to prompt a response from Russia and Iran failed to convince the House of Commons, which ruled against joining any U.S.-led airstrikes.
After suffering a humiliation at the hands of members of parliament in London, President Obama went to the American public. On the evening of September 10, 2013, he addressed the nation in prime time. He warned of the consequences of ignoring the use of WMDs in Syria. He said that chemical weapons could soon spill over the Syrian border and that American soldiers around the world would one day be fighting on chemical battlefields if the norm prohibiting their use eroded further. Bizarrely, Obama then insisted that he would not act without congressional consent. Also, the Russian government had offered to intervene in the crisis, and Obama told the country that he had accepted Putin’s aid
Obama’s attempt to secure congressional support for a strike on Syria wasn’t some noble deference to the role of Congress. He was simply looking for a plausible excuse for inaction. Obama said that he wanted congressional consent for a strike on Syria, but he didn’t need it. If Congress were to decline to provide authorization, he could just have gone it alone. Moreover, the request, made while Congress was still out of town on its August recess, was apparently not so urgent that it required the legislature to reconvene. It could wait a week or so while Syrian forces dug in and while members of Congress absorbed and internalized the apprehension of their constituents over the prospect of another Mideast war.
Mistrust toward Obama and the ill-defined, “unbelievably small” goals (in John Kerry’s risible phrase) of a Syria campaign had left a sour taste in Republican mouths. In light of that, House Speaker John Boehner sought “meaningful consultations” with the White House. “When we’re working Syria, we’re not working on something else,” Democratic senator Ben Cardin lamented to Politico — Cardin was already thinking about the 2014 midterms. In the end, the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee voted to approve Syrian strikes, but former majority leader Harry Reid never brought it to a vote. Notably, Obama hadn’t asked him to bring a vote on the air strikes: The president preferred to blame Republicans for staying his hand.
Twenty-nine months into the conflict, in September 2013, the window for an effective intervention against Assad was still wide open. The world had not yet become acquainted with the Islamic State. Syrian army soldiers were reportedly demoralized and were defecting to the Free Syrian Army, the most pro-Western rebel group on the ground. With the introduction of both Iranian regular troops and Lebanese Hezbollah, the legitimacy of Assad’s regime was on the wane. The horrific gas attack in the Syrian city of Ghouta that forced Obama’s hand had only further alienated average Syrians from their rulers in Damascus. But President Obama deferred to Putin.
The Obama administration continued to claim a political victory in Syria even as it became obvious that allowing Russia to take the lead was a terrible mistake. Assad’s abuses continued, as did the use of chemical weapons on civilians. Brazenly, Obama-administration officials continued to call the Russia deal a success that had removed “100 percent” of chemical weapons from Syria (as long as you refuse to call chlorine gas a chemical weapon).
By 2014, faced with the prospect of a well-heeled terrorist caliphate larger than Great Britain, Obama expanded the theater of anti-ISIS operations to Syria, encompassing the use of air and ground assets. This time, there was no prime-time address; no overtures to Britain’s parliament or Congress. Aware of the fact, however, that Assad was supporting the “caliphate” by purchasing its crude oil and ignoring ISIS’s fighters, Obama committed covert assets to the fight against Assad. The only reason we know about that is that many of those American-built CIA assets have since been targeted and destroyed by Russian warplanes.
As late as the summer of 2015, the opportunity to topple the Assad regime still existed. In a speech in July of that year, Assad acknowledged that his military lacked the manpower necessary to achieve victory on the battlefield. Squeezed on all sides, the regime was losing territory and falling back to its stronghold around the capital. With no options left by the autumn, Russia intervened militarily in Syria and inaugurated among the most dangerous periods in recent history.
Russian intervention was aimed not merely at propping up Assad but in clearing NATO assets out of the regime’s theater of operations. In the ensuing months, Russia has participated in and facilitated some of the worst crimes against humanity of this century — including strikes on humanitarian targets and facilitating the starvation of whole cities. All the while, Putin and Assad perpetuated a refugee crisis that has destabilized and permanently reshaped the politics of Europe and North America.
“We think that it’s self-defeating,” Obama said of Moscow’s invasion of Syria. “And it will get Russia into a quagmire.” This is a parochial way to think about a nation’s interests. Perhaps Syria is a quagmire from which the United States would find extrication difficult, but avoiding it was impossible. We were deep in it, and we are in it still.
Today, President Donald Trump is accelerating the troop deployments that Obama first ordered in 2015, Special Forces have been augmented with Marine artillery units and armored personnel vehicles, some of which are responsible not only for fighting ISIS but also for keeping peace among the anti-ISIS coalition.
Perhaps ill-advisedly, Trump has made his own “red line” comments. When asked at a press conference today whether Assad’s chemical attacks had crossed a red line, Trump replied:
As a result of the grotesque inhumanity of the Assad regime and the West’s counterproductive and ultimately fruitless efforts to keep the Syrian conflict at arm’s length, Trump is finding that he has few good options left.
The perils of reckless intervention are well known, but less thoroughly studied are the dangers of non-intervention. In Syria, the norm prohibiting the battlefield use of WMD has died along with nearly half a million civilians. Millions are displaced. The risk of great-power conflict looms over its decimated cities, and American credibility is on the line. The U.S. has made many sacrifices in Syria, even if America’s soldiers were based thousands of miles away. There are no painless options in Syria any more, but America’s non-intervention is untenable. When we act, we will do so at a time and place not of our choosing and amid suboptimal circumstances. It’s a costly lesson to learn, but one Americans seem doomed to regularly repeat.
— Noah Rothman is the associate editor of Commentary.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
War has consequences. Callous incompetence has consequences. The world is watching those consequences unfold in Syria today. No one can look at images of children dead from gas attacks and not be moved.
Let’s stipulate two things: First, there were never any easy American choices in Syria. Second, the Obama administration got virtually every hard choice wrong. Or, to be more precise, the choices it did make did nothing to either stop the worst humanitarian catastrophe in the new century or block our enemies and rivals, Iran and Russia, from exerting their will in Syria.
The result is the Syria we have today, a patchwork quilt of competing zones of control that in some ways looks more complicated than it is. Let’s make sense of the map below:
The red, government-controlled areas represent the most populated and economically consequential sections of the country. This is where Russia and Iran have asserted their will, and this is where Assad is spilling the blood of innocents to expand and maintain his grip on power. Yes, he’s still opposed by rebel groups, but they’ve been decimated, and many of the groups that remain are dominated by jihadists.
In the north, our Kurdish allies are on the move, but not against the regime — against ISIS. In other words, Assad has beaten his main foe and is leaving the United States, the Kurds, and assorted other allies to deal with our main foe, ISIS. After the battle for Raqqa, Syria is likely to be effectively partitioned, with American-backed forces controlling the north, the Russian-backed regime controlling the west, and some small forces still battling it out on the borders.
As we confront the Assad regime’s gas attack — which is just one of its countless violations of the law of war, and hardly its most deadly — we also have to confront this core reality: Our leading geopolitical rival — a traditional great power and a nuclear superpower — has quite obviously decided that the survival of a friendly regime in Damascus is a core national interest. It acted decisively while we dithered, and it has boots on the ground.
Thus, we now face a quandary. Retaliate against Syria so strongly that it truly punishes and weakens Assad, and you risk threatening Russia’s vital interests. Respond with a pinprick strike that Russia effectively “permits,” and you do nothing important. Assad has demonstrated that he cares little about his own casualties and may (like many other American enemies before him) actually feel emboldened after “surviving” an American strike.
Let me add one other thing. On this, the 100th anniversary of America’s entry into World War I, it’s worth noting that outside the ever-shrinking number of World War II veterans, this nation has no memory of what great-power conflict is like. Considering whether to strike a close Russian ally is not like considering whether to drone a terrorist camp in rural Pakistan or raid an al-Qaeda village in the Yemeni countryside. Even a single skirmish with a nation like Russia could inflict more American casualties in one day than, say, the last few years of combined military operations in Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere.
That doesn’t mean we should operate from a posture of fear and timidity but rather from one of sobriety and wisdom. It also means that if we choose to escalate our military operations — to directly strike where Russia has planted its flag — then the American people need to have their voice heard, through their elected representatives. We should not stumble our way into conflict. We should not lash out in anger and rage (no matter how justified) without carefully considering our strategy.
There are those who say, “Putin wouldn’t dare oppose us,” and they may well be right. But mights and maybes are thin assurances when the stakes are this high, and striking Assad is hardly our only option. We can follow through with our commitment to defeat ISIS, then help our allies consolidate control in the north, limiting Assad to his rump state in the west. We can facilitate the creation of safe zones where refugees can live free from fear of Assad’s gas and cluster bombs. And we can sanction both Russia and Iran for propping up a genocidal dictator, helping turn a short-term military victory into a longer-term economic quagmire for them.
Not one of those actions is particularly satisfying, and none of them provide an immediate answer to the present crisis, but a multitude of past mistakes leave America with few good options. Respond to Assad, yes, but strike him? Let’s take great care before we start a dangerous new war.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, an attorney, and a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Last Wednesday, 20-year-old Jack Dillon Young plowed his Dodge pickup truck into a church bus on a two-lane road 75 miles west of San Antonio, Texas, killing 13 people. Before the accident, Jody Kuchler told the Associated Press that he witnessed Young’s truck driving erratically, weaving on and off the road and in and out of incoming traffic, for 15 minutes before the accident. Kuchler was so alarmed by the scene that he even called 911 to try to have Young stopped. Afterward, Young was apologetic and admitted that he had been texting, but the damage had already been done.
Young’s tragic mistake only magnifies what is an increasingly hot-button issue as smartphones and other electronic gadgets gain near universal usage: What should society do about distracted driving? A growing number of people seem to answer that we should do more. But at some point, the law must stop as personal responsibility kicks in.
The crux of the matter, as it often is in public-policy debates, is how best to balance personal freedoms with public safety.
Every time even one person dies in an accident, it’s a tragedy. In the wake of such fatal tragedies, we understandably empathize with those grieving for the victims, and fear for our own safety and that of those we love. We also tend to quickly fall back on that old refrain: “There ought to be a law!” There is a powerful impulse to seek government action in the wake of preventable deaths, and it’s not always easy to argue with the logic.
Distracted driving is undeniably a real problem. According to the website of the government agency dedicated to educating the public on the issue, 3,179 people were killed and 431,000 were injured in crashes involving distracted drivers in 2014 alone. Since the federal government can’t simply “ban” distracted driving, the site instead encourages the states, which are charged with regulating driver behavior, to deal with the problem by passing legislation. And most have complied, to one extent or another. Text messaging while driving is banned in 39 states, novice drivers are banned from cellphone use in 32 states, and ten states and the District of Columbia ban all drivers from using hand-held cellphones. Interestingly, then-governor Rick Perry vetoed a statewide ban on cellphone use while driving passed by Texas’s GOP-controlled legislature in 2011. Perry called the prohibition “government micromanagement” and advocated driver education instead.
In the broadest possible terms, Perry was on to something. The term “distracted driving” covers more than just texting and driving. According to the aforementioned National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website, “ANY activity that could divert a person’s attention away from the primary task of driving” counts as a distraction, which raises the question of what in-car behavior will be banned after texting. After all, the website’s list of distractions includes using a cellphone or smartphone, eating and drinking, talking to passengers, grooming, reading (including maps), using a navigation system, watching a video, and adjusting a radio, CD player, or MP3 player.
Granted, certain “distractions” could pose a danger, but it seems like there are a lot of factors at play — including, among other things, road conditions, weather, the number of vehicles nearby, and especially the driver’s age, experience, and temperament — that would seem to preclude any sort of draconian, one-size-fits-all law.
In 1982, not long before Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) was founded, 26,173 people died on America’s roads because of drunk driving or alcohol-related behavior. In the years that followed, laws and public perception changed and, despite an increase in drivers, America’s roads gradually got safer. In 2011, there were “only” 9,878 drunk-driving fatalities, and the annual fatality rate has remained relatively stable since.
Almost 10,000 drunk-driving deaths a year is too many, even if such deaths are much rarer than they once were. Yet it’s still almost three times as many deaths as occur annually because of distracted driving. And what’s more, while being drunk seems to impair all drivers, wrecks involving distracted driving are a much greater problem among newer, teenaged drivers, as Young’s tragic accident suggests. Does this mean older drivers don’t turn the radio knob, talk to fellow passengers, or sip a bottled water on occasion? No, of course not. It just means that some “distractions” don’t necessarily affect every driver’s performance behind the wheel.
The states that eschew a blanket ban in favor of laws targeted toward teenaged drivers have enough common sense to acknowledge these facts, but they are increasingly the exception rather than the rule. More and more states are instead going the way of California, which recently banned drivers from holding a cellphone altogether for any reason. Already, California drivers are wondering why the state is picking on cellphones when there are so many other distractions to choose from.
There will always be some drivers who can’t handle the responsibility of staying focused behind the wheel, but there are already laws against reckless driving one could use to prosecute those folks when their behavior becomes a danger to the other cars on the road. After all, Texas may not have a statewide ban on driving while texting, but that doesn’t mean Jack Dillon Young will go unpunished.
Nobody should text and drive, but perhaps adults just might, at least most of the time, have the capacity to act like adults without the government dictating their every move, down to whether or not they can take a sip of coffee or change the song playing on their stereo.
By painting all forms of “distracted driving” with the same broad brush, aren’t we essentially making criminals out of everyone?
— Scott Morefield is a regular news and opinion columnist for BizPac Review. His work has also been featured in TheBlaze, WND, The Federalist, and The Hill, among others. Follow him on Twitter @SKMorefield.



ARTICLE
Al Gore is worried about “alternative facts,” “disinformation campaigns,” and “intentionally falsified information.” At least he says so in a new and updated edition of The Assault on Reason, his decade-old book on how Democrats tell the truth and Republicans don’t. In the paperback version published last week, Gore adds that since President Trump’s election, a “feeling of unease about our democracy has deepened considerably.”
My own feeling of unease also has deepened, but mostly over the former vice president’s ongoing struggles with the truth.
When The Assault on Reason originally came out in 2007, Gore blasted money in politics and quoted Abraham Lincoln:
The passage continues: “I feel at this moment more anxiety for the safety of my country than ever before, even in the midst of war. God grant that my suspicions may prove groundless.”
It’s a doozy of a quote from one of America’s great statesmen, foreshadowing concerns about capitalist greed that have animated progressives such as Gore from the early years of the 20th century to Bernie Sanders’ Twitter feed.
It’s also fake — and Gore knows it.
He probably didn’t know it back in 2007. In the first edition of his book, Gore included a footnote. It references a “Letter to Col. William F. Elkins,” written in 1864 and mentioned in The Lincoln Encyclopedia, a 1950 reference guide edited by Archer H. Shaw, an Ohio journalist. This much is true: The quote appears in Shaw’s compendium, which in turn cites a 1930 book that offers no source.
Yet there is one. John Hay and John Nicolay — secretaries to Lincoln who published their former boss’s collected writings — traced it to an 1888 pamphlet. Then they denounced it as a forgery. (The historian Thomas F. Schwartz described their investigation in a 1999 newsletter of the Abraham Lincoln Association.)
Gore is not a scholar. Either he or a researcher likely stumbled across the Lincoln quote, found it useful, and verified it in a volume that, to their amateur eyes, looked authoritative. Everyone makes mistakes, and this one surely was made in good faith.
But then Gore got called on it, as often happens when someone prints this phony Lincoln line. In 2007, the author and journalist Andrew Ferguson debunked it in the Washington Post.
Now, ten years later, we have a 2017 edition of The Assault on Reason, revised to include a new preface plus a new final chapter. Despite these renovations, the bogus Lincoln quote still shows up on page 88.
Today, however, Gore knows that he’s peddling a lie. Ten years ago, in more innocent times, he introduced the quote by writing that Lincoln “perceived the dangers” of corporate power and “noted” them in his 1864 letter. In the new version, however, Gore pulls back from his assertion: “Lincoln may have perceived the dangers” of corporate power, “and some historians attribute the following statement to him.” (Emphasis added.)
Good historians know the truth. So does Gore — but rather than fix an error, he now chooses to spread rotten information. Even his old footnote remains, unchanged.
Perhaps this is a nitpicky point that only fussy academics can appreciate. Gore, however, seeks to make a larger point about the health of our democracy. In the final chapter of the new edition of The Assault on Reason, he puts it this way: “When both sides in a political conflict claim expertise and cite allegedly authoritative sources to label the assertions of the other side as false, then it should not be surprising that voters begin to develop cynicism and even contempt for any and all claims of expertise.”
Nope, it shouldn’t surprise anybody at all.
— John J. Miller is the national correspondent for National Review, the director of the Dow Journalism Program at Hillsdale College, and the author of The First Assassin, a novel set in Lincoln’s Washington.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Something is rotten with the state of academia.
So says Laura Kipnis, a tenured professor of film studies at Northwestern University. She should know. Two years ago Kipnis was investigated by university bureaucrats for writing an essay that allegedly created a “hostile educational environment.”
In the Chronicle of Higher Education (February 2015), Kipnis criticized university policies against professor–student relationships and condemned modern-day feminists for generally creating a climate of fear surrounding sexual relationships on campus. Two graduate students took offense and filed complaints, charging that the piece had a “chilling effect” on students’ willingness to report sexual misconduct.
The irony, of course, is that Kipnis, 60, is herself an unreconstructed feminist and political progressive. The Left had turned on one of its own.
The Kafkaesque inquisition lasted 72 days. During that time, investigators refused to provide Kipnis with a written record of the charges against her and later filed new charges against her faculty adviser for speaking out in her defense. Eventually she was cleared of any wrongdoing, but only after she broke her silence in a second essay exposing the university’s mistreatment of her and perhaps embarrassing Northwestern into dropping the charges.
As a result of her ordeal, Professor Kipnis has achieved almost iconic status among First Amendment lawyers and activists, which is lucky for her — absent her newfound celebrity, her new book would almost certainly provoke retribution.
In Unwanted Advances: Sexual Paranoia Comes to Campus, published this week, Kipnis takes aim at all those who perpetuate the myth that female students (a majority on most campuses) lack sexual agency and are victims of unrelenting micro-aggressions from course material, class discussions, and offhand comments made off campus. She also has sharp words for the sexual bureaucrats who police (with almost prurient interest) sexual relations on campus.
A short and highly readable book, Unwanted Advances is a devastating indictment of the current campus hysteria and the secret campus tribunals empowered to adjudicate everything from attempted humor to criminal sexual assault. Although Kipnis recounts the details of her own ordeal, this is not a bitter or angry book. It is, rather, an irreverent and, at times, humorous account of the far Left’s attempt to stamp out intellectual apostasy.
Kipnis tells her story, and that of a Northwestern colleague who was also charged with harassment, with wit and ironic amusement. She blithely refers to the investigators on her case as “my midwestern Torquemadas.” She writes that watching her colleague’s dismissal hearing “was like watching someone be burned at the stake in slow motion, except this execution was catered.”
So, who or what is to blame for this current state of campus affairs?
The cultural roots of our anti-intellectual rot run deep and are, perhaps, too complex ever to fully disentangle. But we can, according to Kipnis, easily identify at least one culprit: the current Title IX–enforcement regime.
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 threatens to withhold federal funding from educational institutions that discriminate on the basis of sex. The law itself is a simple non-discrimination directive. In the hands of federal bureaucrats and college administrators, however, it has morphed into a tool to suppress speech and score political points against the so-called patriarchy.
It was six years ago this week that the Obama administration’s Department of Education released the now infamous Dear Colleague letter. The document was issued as a “guidance” to explain how the department intended to enforce the law. It has no independent force of law. Nevertheless, it has been used to pressure colleges and universities (or to give them political cover, depending on your perspective) to establish expansive bureaucracies to root out all forms of alleged gender-based “misconduct” and to institute procedures, lacking even basic due-process protections, for dealing with the accused.
Less well known are two other Obama-era interpretive documents: the Blueprint for Colleges and Universities (Departments of Justice and Education, 2013) and the Justice Department’s “Findings Letter” (2016). These missives interpreted Title IX to prohibit “offensive” sexual or gender-based speech, “regardless of whether it causes a hostile environment or is quid pro quo.” In other words, even if only the most unreasonable member of a university community is offended by expressed viewpoints involving sex or gender, the Justice and Education Departments say that Title IX compels an educational institution to investigate; it does not matter whether the speech in question is protected by the First Amendment or by the university’s promise to safeguard free expression.
Think Laura Kipnis is the only victim of this radical interpretation of Title IX? Think again. Kipnis mentions at least two professors brought up on Title IX charges for publicly defending accused colleagues. Kipnis mentions a host of others, but there are too many to include in what is essentially a personal narrative.
Take, for example, the strange case of Dennis Gouws, a tenured professor of English at Springfield College in Massachusetts. In 2005, Gouws was asked by his department to teach a new course, Men in Literature. The College also offers a course called Women and Literature.
Gouws taught Men in Literature for eight semesters since 2005. In 2015, Anne Herzog, the college’s dean of arts, sciences, and professional studies, wrote to inform him that a student had complained about the course. Herzog requested that Gouws revise the syllabus. Gouws refused.
Last week, Herzog sent Gouws another letter, this time informing him that he had been “placed on ‘official warning status’” for, essentially, refusing to cooperate with her investigation. Although Springfield College has not invoked Title IX in its attempt to fire Gouws, Peter Wood of the National Association of Scholars has noted that the college’s actions are rooted in the spurious notion, perpetuated by the Education and Justice Departments during the Obama years, that legitimate academic speech can create an unlawful hostile environment. “A moment has arrived in American higher education,” writes Wood, “when the fear of complaints from students that a male bias lurks somewhere in a course is sufficient reason for slashing the course from the curriculum.”
Students too have been charged for making intellectual arguments that some regard as “triggering.” A recently filed lawsuit alleges that Yale University punished a student for writing a paper condemning rape. Peter Berkowitz reports in the Wall Street Journal that the student used the crime of rape to illustrate Socrates’ concept of the tripartite soul, as described in Plato’s Republic. Apparently offended by the argument that rape is “an irrational act” in which the soul’s “appetitive” and “spirited” parts overwhelm “reason,” the teaching assistant who graded the paper reported the student to the school’s Title IX officer. As a penance for his thought crime, the student was forced to attend sensitivity training at the university’s mental-health center.
Last month, before Laura Kipnis gave a speech at Wellesley College in Massachusetts, three students posted a video pre-buttal to her arguments. After Kipnis left campus, six Wellesley professors from the college’s Committee for Ethnicity, Race, and Equity issued a statement condemning her and proposing that henceforth the college prohibit speakers whose views cause “distress” to “dozens” of students.
To be sure, stories of political correctness at our nation’s college campuses have been commonplace since at least the mid 1980s. But as Kipnis makes clear in Unwanted Advances, when campus bureaucrats use contorted interpretations of Title IX to threaten academic careers, the stakes are higher than ever. Perhaps it is time for the Trump administration to issue a “guidance” or two of its own.
— Jennifer C. Braceras, a writer in Boston, is a former Commissioner of the United States Commission on Civil Rights.



ARTICLE
Arizona could soon become the first state in the nation to institute a universal school-choice program. And because the state already has a successful, but more limited, program in place — a funding system that has been expanded several times over the last few years — there is a solid foundation on which to build the effort.
The bill to expand the program could land on Arizona governor Doug Ducey’s desk as early as this week. It has already passed the education committees in both chambers of the state legislature and, since there is just a month left in the session, a full vote on the bill is expected sometime in April. Because Ducey has approved developments to this school-choice program in past years, it is likely that he will support this latest expansion.
The Goldwater Institute, a Phoenix-based think tank, has been on the front lines of Arizona’s school-choice movement for the last decade. In 2006, the group introduced the concept of education savings accounts, and this idea was first enacted across the state in 2011 in a program for children with special needs. The Empowerment Scholarship Account program has used this savings-account model and expanded it every year since to include more students, including those in failing schools or adopted from foster care, as well as children of military members and children who live on Native American reservations.
The program now enrolls 3,300 students, and the new bill would expand access slowly over the course of the next four academic years by opening the program to students in a few grade levels each year. About half of the students currently enrolled are children with special needs.
Empowerment Scholarship Accounts function in a similar way to health savings accounts, which help individuals or families save for health-care needs and are often partially funded by the government. In the case of Arizona’s ESAs, the state deposits funding into each account, and a child’s parents can use the funds for a wide variety of expenses, such as private-school tuition, college-savings plans, online classes, and tutoring.
For the 2015–16 school year, the accounts received about $4,600 for K–8th grade students and just under $5,000 for high-school students. Special-needs students can receive additional funding, the amount of which varies depending on the services required.
These accounts differ from vouchers in that parents can use the money to finance several educational needs simultaneously. This distinction is important. In 2009, the Arizona supreme court ruled that vouchers violate the state’s constitutional provisions against using public money for private or religious purposes. But in 2014, the state supreme court upheld a lower-court ruling determining that ESAs are constitutional because they are fundamentally different from vouchers.
Though some worry that greater state support for school choice will detract from the public-school system, the examples of student success as a result of the ESA program tell a different story. “For those pleased with their local public school, carry on,” says Jonathan Butcher, education director at the Goldwater Institute. “But every child is different and learns at a different pace — so families should have the chance to find the best educational opportunities if an assigned school isn’t working.”
Consider Max Ashton, who has been blind since birth, but who nonetheless climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro, hiked the Grand Canyon rim-to-rim, and swam across the San Francisco Bay to Alcatraz Island, all before graduating from high school. An ESA enabled his parents to afford private-school tuition and Braille materials, and he earned a scholarship to attend Loyola Marymount University in California.
Or take Tim and Lynn McMurray, who decided to adopt three unrelated children, all of whom are of Native American descent, and who have physical and developmental needs — Alecia suffers from fetal-alcohol syndrome, while Uriah and Valerie both have mild cerebral palsy. When all three children encountered serious challenges in the state’s education system, the ESA program helped the McMurrays finance home-based instruction and educational therapy.
Meanwhile, Nathan Howard struggled in the public-school system as a child on the autism spectrum, and he barely spoke until he reached the age of six. Using an ESA, his family moved him to a school that offers special support for students with autism, and they also hired a one-on-one tutor for him. “For me, using an education savings account isn’t a form of protest or an act of defiance against the school system,” Nathan’s mother, Amanda, wrote in a 2013 column in the Arizona Republic. “It’s a chance to give Nathan a better future.”
Butcher believes this latest expansion effort will be worthwhile for the state: “Instead of trying to predict all the problems ESAs are trying to solve, we should give students the chance to use an account if their assigned school isn’t a good fit.”
Some Arizonans might protest the continued growth of the state’s school-choice movement, arguing that it’s somehow harmful to public schools and under-privileged children. But as the results of the ESA program have shown thus far, diversity of affordable education options for Arizona’s youth will nearly always lead to greater success.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
One hundred years ago on April 6, the United States declared war on Germany and entered World War I. It was an event that changed America, and the world, forever.
America’s entry into that war was the result of the dream of one man, President Woodrow Wilson. In the light of America’s experiences in Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan, it’s easy to retrospectively dismiss our participation in World War I as the first egregious exercise in Wilsonianism — an act of high-minded liberal idealism and moralism leading to disaster rather than redemption.
Yet seeing this centennial exclusively through that lens is a mistake. Whatever else it was, America’s role in what was then the world’s bloodiest and most destructive war signaled the emergence of the U.S. as the arbiter of a new world order, one that would be built around America’s economic strength, military power, and moral authority as promoter and defender of democracy and freedom. Assuming that role and burden has caused the U.S. a good deal of trouble and brought considerable cost, much of it in human lives — but far less cost, one has to argue, than if the U.S. had stayed out of World War I and evaded a responsibility we still carry today, however reluctantly: that of the superpower of freedom.
It’s worth remembering how we got into the war in the first place. America, and President Wilson, had worked hard to stay out of the conflict that had broken out in the summer of 1914, pitting France, Britain, Italy, and Russia against Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Turkey. In just two and a half years, it had all but consumed the heart of Europe, leaving more than 10 million dead and pushing three long-lasting empires — Habsburg, Ottoman, and Romanov — to the brink of dissolution.
Wilson’s personal view had been that staying out of war meant preserving America’s role as the beacon of the future, of a peaceful and harmonious world in which war would be a thing of the past — and even possibly negotiating a final peace once the combatants finally exhausted themselves.
But Imperial Germany was unwilling to leave America alone. It knew that although America was officially neutral, the Allies were steadily buying from U.S. factories the food and other supplies they needed to stay in the war. Germany’s resumption of all-out submarine warfare in February 1917 aimed at sinking neutral shipping (it had been suspended after Wilson’s protest over the sinking of the Lusitania in May 1915, which killed 128 Americans) was meant to sever the transatlantic supply line between America and Britain. German experts figured that cutting this supply line would lead to German victory in six months, regardless of what Wilson did in response to German torpedoes’ killing more Americans.
In case the Americans did take military action, however, Germany came up with another plan, one that proved to be disastrous: offering to give Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona to Mexico, if Mexico joined with Germany in opening a second front on America’s southern border. The gist of that plan was contained in a telegram that was intercepted by British naval intelligence and passed on to Wilson; that telegram, and the sinking of three American vessels in three days in late March, finally tipped Wilson’s hand. The man whose reelection campaign slogan in 1916 had been “He kept us out of war” now asked Congress on April 2 to enter that war, by declaring war on Germany. Four days later, Congress enthusiastically agreed.
Wilson’s reasons for going to war were subtle and important for the future. In his mind, it was not America that was declaring war on Germany, it was Germany that had declared war on America — and the rest of the civilized world. America now had to take up the challenge and remake the future. “The world must be made safe for democracy,” he told Congress. “We have no selfish ends to serve. We desire no conquest, no dominion. We seek no indemnities for ourselves, no material compensation for the sacrifices we shall freely make. We are but one of the champions of the rights of mankind.”
Fine words, noble sentiments. Like those uttered by some other presidents who have embarked on similar crusades for democracy in far-off lands, they only raised the curtain on frustration and failure. With American help, by November 1918 Germany had been beaten but not defeated. No fan of war, Wilson eagerly accepted an armistice that halted the advancing Allies before they entered German territory. The stab-in-the-back legend — that Germany was going to win the war but was prevented from doing so by domestic traitors — was born and would cause enormous problems later. In the movie Casablanca, when the German Major Strasser remarks to Captain Reynaud that Rick Blaine is just “another blundering American,” Reynaud retorts, “I was with them when they blundered into Berlin.” If only they had; it would have spared Europe, and the world, enormous pain two decades later.
In any case, in less than a year more than 116,000 Americans — nearly twice as many as were killed in Vietnam over twelve years — had died in a war that, as time went by, seemed more and more a tragic waste. The pain of “Mr. Wilson’s war” wasn’t felt only on the battlefield. The war-mobilization effort triggered an enormous growth in the size and reach of the federal government, which the New Deal only extended and which one could argue has never quite stopped. Numerous new federal agencies, including the Food Administration (led by a former mining engineer named Herbert Hoover) and the Fuel Administration, tried to take control of the U.S. economy, with dismal results. The full flush of wartime patriotism fomented anti-German and anti-immigrant feeling that led to such absurdities as banning the playing of Bach and Beethoven and the teaching of German in schools (in South Dakota’s case, even banning the use of German on the telephone). The absurdities took an ugly turn when a German immigrant in Illinois was lynched by an angry mob, and when the crackdown on anti-war dissenters led by Wilson’s Department of Justice put hundreds in jail, spilling over into the Red Scare and the mass deportation of thousands of suspected radicals.
Wilson’s strict segregation policy, which he imposed on all federal agencies, also applied to the armed forces, where it led to resentment and backlash. The years of America’s entry into World War I saw a steady wave of racial tensions and race riots, the worst since Reconstruction. One, involving black soldiers in Houston in 1917, left a dozen dead. The same day that Woodrow Wilson returned from the Paris peace conference in 1919, whole neighborhoods in Washington, D.C., were in flames in a race riot that killed 15. A similar riot in Chicago killed 38.
To top it all, after the war, Wilson’s proudest achievement, the Federal Reserve Board, sharply and disastrously raised interest rates, triggering a nationwide depression in 1920 that soon reverberated around the world — a foretaste of the Great Depression ten years later. In the presidential election that year, a Democratic rout was inevitable, and Wilson left office a sick and broken man. As socialist and anti-war activist Eugene Debs, sitting in a jail cell at the Atlanta Penitentiary, wrote: “No man in public life in American history ever retired so thoroughly discredited, so scathingly rebuked, so overwhelmingly impeached and repudiated as Woodrow Wilson.”
And yet Wilson’s goal of establishing America as a new kind of global arbiter had been achieved. The conventional view is that it is the end of World War II that marked the creation of a U.S.-centered world order. In fact, it was World War I — starting with the economic and financial might the U.S. acquired during the war as Wall Street replaced London as the center of world finance, and growing as U.S. economic power was deployed to feed and then rebuild a shattered post-war Europe, including Germany and even Soviet Russia.
This shift in world power began even before America formally entered the conflict. On April 1, the day before Wilson’s speech to Congress, the U.S. government extended an unprecedented $250 million in credit to Great Britain, with another $3 billion awaiting congressional approval. Overnight, Britain and the other allies became completely dependent on the U.S. to underwrite their purchases of war matériel — a debt that continued to mount until, by war’s end, the world owed the U.S. in excess of $10 billion, with Britain alone owing more than $4 billion and France upward of $3.4 billion. (To get a sense of the size of the debt in today’s money, add three or four zeroes.)
One could say that on April 1, 1917 — April Fool’s Day — the United States became the most powerful nation on earth, and that entry into the world war was merely anticlimax. Of course, some argue that Wilson should have used America’s financial leverage to force the Allies to the peace table without entering the war directly — but that would have left Imperial Germany as the dominant power in Eastern as well as Western Europe. A better criticism is that he should have entered the war earlier, in 1915 or 1916, before the Western democracies had exhausted themselves and before Russia had been shattered by revolution.
In any case, the armistice in November 1918 put the final seal on the United States’s status as the world’s lone superpower, which no future president could afford to ignore or deny. Indeed, far from being stereotypical isolationists, Wilson’s successors, Harding and Coolidge, embraced the new post-war U.S.-led world order and were heavily involved in European affairs in the 1920s, exerting strong influence to stabilize the world economy and even to promote multilateral disarmament. It was actually isolationist Democrats of the Thirties (including, ironically, a recently elected President Franklin Roosevelt) who worked to detach the U.S. from its post-WWI responsibilities and withdraw from the troubles engulfing the world. That in turn helped to set the stage for the rise of the totalitarian powers, which forced America’s entry into a second world war, one in which American deaths would dwarf those in the first.
After 1945, however, we finally learned our lesson from the experience of World War I. The world needed and still needs America’s military and strategic power, as well as its economic and diplomatic leverage, to ensure stability, prosperity, and (relative) peace. While Woodrow Wilson may have entered World War I in part for the wrong reasons — to fulfill utopian dreams about making the world “safe for democracy” and making war a thing of the past through an all-powerful League of Nations — 100 years later his decision stands as the right one. In the final analysis, it has made the world, and the U.S., safer, and created a U.S.-led system of international freedom, prosperity, and peace that has lasted until today.
Certainly the alternatives are not worth contemplating.
— Arthur Herman is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute and the author of the forthcoming 1917: Vladimir Lenin, Woodrow Wilson, and the Year That Created the Modern Age.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Impulse control is unfashionable as well as unpresidential, but perhaps you should resist the urge to trip people who stride briskly down the sidewalk fixated on their phone screens, absorbed in texting and feeling entitled to expect others to make way. New technologies are shaping behaviors and dissolving civilities.
In 2005, Lynne Truss, in her book Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door, presciently said we were slouching into “an age of social autism” with a “Universal Eff-off Reflex.” Long before progress, understood as streaming, brought us binge watching, she foresaw people entertaining themselves into inanition with portable technologies that enable “limitless self-absorption,” making people solipsistic and unmannerly. Truss foresaw an age of “hair-trigger sensitivity” and “lazy moral relativism combined with aggressive social insolence.” This was twelve years before some Wellesley College professors said, last month, that inviting controversial, a.k.a. conservative, speakers to campus injures students by forcing them to “invest time and energy in rebutting the speakers’ arguments.”
In the latest issue of The American Interest, the Hudson Institute’s Carolyn Stewart, revisiting Truss’s book, wonders, “What is it about social media that compels us to throw off the gloves?” Stewart notes that, as Truss anticipated, people “have taken an expectation that previously applied to the private sphere — control over our environment — and are increasingly applying it to the public sphere.” Social media’s “self-affirming feedback loop” encourages “expectations for a custom-made reality” and indignation about anything “that deviates from our preferences.”
The consequences of what Stewart calls “our growing intolerance of an unedited reality” are enumerated in Tom Nichols’s new book The Death of Expertise: The Campaign against Established Knowledge and Why It Matters. Our devices and social media are, he says, producing people who confuse “internet grazing” with research and this faux research with higher education, defined by a wit as “those magical seven years between high school and your first warehouse job.” Years when students demand to run institutions that the students insist should treat them as fragile children.     
“It is,” Nichols writes, “a new Declaration of Independence: no longer do we hold these truths to be self-evident, we hold all truths to be self-evident, even the ones that aren’t true. All things are knowable and every opinion on any subject is as good as any other.” In the movie Animal House, when the epically unruly fraternity is hauled before the student court, the fraternity’s member who is going to defend it, when asked by a fellow member if he knows what he is doing, replies, “Take it easy, I’m pre-law.” When someone says, “I thought you were pre-med,” he replies, “What’s the difference?” What indeed.
In today’s therapeutic culture, which seems designed to validate every opinion and feeling, there will rarely be disagreement without anger between thin-skinned people who cannot distinguish the phrase “you’re wrong” from “you’re stupid.” Equating “critical thinking” with “relentless criticism” results in worse than the indiscriminate rejection not merely of this or that expert. Nichols says this equation produces “a Google-fueled, Wikipedia-based, blog-sodden” disdain for even the ideal of expertise. This ideal becomes an affront in a culture that “cannot endure even the slightest hint of inequality of any kind.” Unfortunately, Nichols tartly notes, “specialization is necessarily exclusive.”
And aren’t we glad: “When you take an elevator to the top of a tall building, the certificate in the elevator does not say ‘good luck up there’; it says that a civic authority, relying on engineers educated and examined by other engineers, have looked at that box and know, with as much certainty as anyone can, that you’ll be safe.” 
The “spreading epidemic of misinformation,” nowadays known as “alternative facts,” gives rise to a corollary to Gresham’s Law (“bad money drives out good”): “Misinformation pushes aside knowledge.” Everyone with a smartphone has in his or her pocket, Nichols says, more information “than ever existed in the entire Library of Alexandria,” which can produce a self-deluding veneer of erudition.
Nichols recounts an old joke about a British Foreign Office official who retired after 40 years: “Every morning I went to the prime minister and assured him there would be no world war today. And I am pleased to note that in a career of 40 years, I was only wrong twice.” This official deserved an A grade, like everyone else.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
At what point do we declare that the judiciary is facing a credibility crisis? When do we finally decide that laws passed by Congress have no meaning and that judges are able to rewrite them at will, often using the most laughably specious reasoning?
Yesterday, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals unilaterally revised that the Civil Rights Act’s ban on employment discrimination on the basis of “race, color, religion, sex, or national origin” so that it now includes a ban on sexual-orientation discrimination as well. Never mind the actual words on the page. Never mind the common meaning of the words then or now. All that matters is the right result — the triumph of the social-justice “super clause” that is hidden in every law, regulation, or constitutional provision.
The majority option — crafted by Diane Wood — insults our intelligence. She pretends to engage in standard statutory interpretation, attempting to divine what that devilishly complex word “sex” means. Here’s an actual sentence:
Let’s translate: Congress had no idea that the word “sex” was so darn broad. Fortunately, however, she knows what it truly means. But the opinion moves from comedy to farce when she attempts to “prove” that sexual-orientation discrimination really is sex discrimination by posing a hypothetical: What if the lesbian woman in the case, Kimberly Hiverly, was really a straight man? A lesbian woman loves women. A straight man loves women. Thus (and this is the reasoning, I kid you not), if an employer treats the lesbian differently from the straight man, it has to be because of sex, not sexual orientation. After all, it’s sexist and stereotyping to believe that women shouldn’t love women.
This is pure sophistry. Obviously it would be sex discrimination to treat gay men differently from lesbian women, but when you treat gays and straights differently, that’s sexual-orientation discrimination. This isn’t a hard concept, but the goal isn’t to convince; it’s to rationalize.
In his concurring opinion, Judge Posner at least respects the public enough to be honest. Instead of indulging the majority’s charade that the word “sex” encompasses “sexual orientation,” he announces a rule of statutory interpretation that he calls, “judicial interpretive updating.” He’s explicitly giving an old statute a “fresh meaning,” one that “infuses [the statute] with vitality and significance today.” According to Posner, the older the law, the more vulnerable it is to a contemporary judicial update.
Read this excerpt carefully:
In other words, even now “sex” still means sex, but that doesn’t get Posner to the kind of social justice he seeks, so the meaning of the word must change. Immediately.
Writing with her characteristic clarity, Judge Diane Sykes in dissent presents a polite civics lesson. Simply put, it’s not the court’s job to rewrite statutes:
Let’s be clear, however: The liberal judiciary doesn’t really embrace a philosophy of “judicial statutory updating” (or, in constitutional law, the “living constitution”). If you doubt me, watch them howl if conservative justices were to rewrite a statute that liberal justices liked. Then, they’d be all about the words on the page. Then, they’d be all about original public meaning.
There is instead an entire class of federal judges who, when faced with contentious culture-war cases, simply ask, “what can I do for social justice today?” They disrupt the constitutional system, and they don’t even (Judge Posner aside) pay us the courtesy of basic honesty about their intentions and methods.
The case will probably proceed to the Supreme Court. There’s a circuit split (in other words, different federal courts of appeal have reached different outcomes), and the ultimate fate of the law is almost certainly in Justice Kennedy’s hands. He has proven that he can understand and apply the original meaning of the law, and he’s also proven — particularly regarding LGBT issues — that he will do whatever he wants to advance a cause he so plainly likes. We can’t know what he’ll do, and thus we can’t know if he’ll hold that the statute means what it so plainly says. That’s not constitutional government; it’s judicial supremacy, and it’s creating a grave and ongoing challenge to the rule of law itself.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, an attorney
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Last week, we spent six or seven days gawping at Vice President Mike Pence and his wife for their supposedly bizarre or retro marriage rules. Pence, as even villagers in Bora Bora doubtless know by now, does not attend one-on-one dinners with women not his wife and does not drink alcohol in social settings when Karen is not with him.
Progressives were by turns confused and disgusted. They assumed that this conveyed a primitive view of relations between men and women. Does he imagine that all women are sirens, some wondered, prone to turn an innocent dinner into an opportunity for sexual adventure? What a caveman view! Or was he so vain as to think himself an Adonis whom women would be unable to resist? Besides, this private rule between spouses represents a setback for women in the workplace. Don’t most deals take place over dinner? Wouldn’t women be the losers if all men had such rules?
Conservatives had a bracing time with rebuttal. Mike Pence’s lieutenant governor was a woman! Avoiding “occasions of sin” isn’t primitive; it’s actually kind of elevated. Each couple may draw the line in a different place, but drawing lines around marriage is a very healthy, not a weird impulse. In typically pithy fashion, Jonah Goldberg noted that “elites say we have no right to judge adultery, but we have every right to judge couples who take steps to avoid it.”
My own take on the Pence brouhaha is that feminists who demand respect for women should never disdain the honor that good men show their wives by their constancy. Extremism in defense of fidelity is no vice.
So last week was an enjoyable culture-war moment. It felt almost like 2012 again, when progressives were sneering about Mitt Romney’s five sons as somehow “creepy,” and we on the right marveled at what a corrupt view of the world you must entertain to come to that conclusion. Surely of all the things to dislike about Romney, the very last item on the list ought to have been his wholesome family.
This week is another cultural battle, but the troops are not as motivated because the lines are not as clear. We are the ones who uphold gentlemanly standards of behavior, right? So if a TV star many conservatives enjoy watching turns out to be a serial sexual harasser, that would violate our norms, yes?
Bill O’Reilly has settled no fewer than five lawsuits alleging gross misbehavior toward women. The payouts have totaled $13 million ($10 million paid by O’Reilly, $3 million by Fox). Those kinds of settlements are not what you pay to make nuisance claims go away.
Of course it’s possible that some of the (many) women who have complained or filed suits against O’Reilly are disappointed aspirants to TV stardom themselves. But surely not all. One was his producer. And yes, many of the hosts on Fox News are impeccably upright. No suits have been filed citing Bret Baier or Brit Hume.
But there’s an awful lot of smoke here. Megyn Kelly said it happened to her. Andrea Tantaros has also sued Fox, and there are credible reports of more. Fox News under Roger Ailes produced some great journalism and some low-rent behavior — especially for a network that a) pitched itself to conservatives and b) took so many swipes at Bill Clinton and Anthony Weiner.
Gretchen Carlson was one of many women who’ve alleged harassment, but apparently the only one who recorded a private encounter with Ailes on her cellphone. She walked away with $20 million. That seems a bit steep to me, but you have to admire her moxie.
Julie Roginsky has filed a separate suit against Roger Ailes and Fox News alleging that Ailes pressured her for sex and then retaliated against her by withdrawing a contract offer when she rebuffed him. A telling detail, for those on all sides of the Pence imbroglio — Ailes allegedly intimated that he was interested in a sexual encounter with Roginsky by, among other things, saying that she ought to have sex with “older, married, conservative men,” and that ”if it wouldn’t get us both into so much trouble” he would take her “out for a drink.” He suggested a private drink instead.
Wendy Walsh says she did have dinner with Bill O’Reilly to discuss becoming a paid contributor to his show. When she declined, after the meal, to go up to his room, the offer was allegedly withdrawn.
Wouldn’t everyone be better off following Mike Pence’s rules?
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is not the country’s most well-known or controversial government agency. But if you care about building natural gas and oil pipelines or expanding the American power grid, it’s pretty important.
FERC consists of five members who can approve or reject plans for major energy-infrastructure projects. The Trump administration has been slow to nominate candidates to some of the 600 or so significant positions in the executive branch, including the three empty spots on FERC, which has been short of a quorum since President Obama’s appointed chairman, Norman Bay, resigned on February 3.
This doesn’t mean FERC shuts down entirely; inspections, safety reviews, audits, and all the traditional duties of its staff continue even when it lacks enough commissioners for a quorum. The legalese determining what staff may do is complicated, but the upshot is simple: The less controversial a decision, the more likely that the staff can legally make it.
FERC does need a quorum of commissioners to vote on bigger matters, however, including new rules, applications for infrastructure projects such as natural-gas pipelines and liquid natural-gas facilities, petitions for rehearing or appeal of previous commission orders, and appeal of initial decisions by an administrative law judge.
The lack of a quorum thus puts an indefinite delay on some vital projects as they await the final green light from FERC.
For example, Enbridge Energy wants to build a new pipeline to transport Appalachian shale gas to high-demand markets in Canada and the Midwest, including Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, and Ontario. In addition to 255 miles of pipeline that is three feet in diameter, the project would involve the construction of “four new compressor stations, six new metering and regulating stations, and 17 new mainline valves in Ohio and Michigan.” Once completed, it would be capable of transporting 1.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. According to a union representative, welders and journeymen on the project would make $53 per hour plus benefits. The whole project would cost $2 billion and was originally slated to be completed this autumn.
But without a quorum, FERC can’t give the project final approval. These are states that President Trump carried in November, states that could use the kind of blue-collar jobs that Trump promised to bring back, and that Enbridge’s pipeline could deliver. (Project managers say 79 percent of the pipeline will be built by union labor.) One would think getting such projects approved would be high on the White House’s priority list.
Some projects did get approval in the final days before Bay departed, but they may still have a cloud over their heads. FERC issued a certificate approving the Rover Pipeline, a $4.2 billion project that will move natural gas from processing plants in West Virginia, Eastern Ohio, and Western Pennsylvania to a distribution hub near Defiance, Ohio.  But under federal regulations, parties have 30 days from the date of a commission order to seek rehearing of that decision, and without a quorum, FERC can’t act on a petition for rehearing. If project managers comply with all the terms and conditions of the FERC certificate order, they can ask FERC staff for approval to begin construction; work can proceed while petitions for rehearing are pending.
Not everyone agrees that projects should proceed while FERC lacks a quorum, either. Massachusetts senators Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey wrote to Acting Commissioner LeFleur asking FERC to rescind one of their last decisions contending that because FERC lacks the quorum to hear appeals, “opponents are silenced.” The senators want FERC to rescind authorization for Spectra Energy’s Atlantic Bridge natural-gas-pipeline project. The $450 million Atlantic Bridge project would bring natural gas from the Marcellus Shale Basin into New England and Eastern Canada.
The good news is that three names surfaced in media reports in late March as likely Trump administration FERC appointees: Jones Day lawyer Kevin McIntyre, Pennsylvania Public Utility Commissioner Robert Powelson, and Neil Chatterjee, a former adviser to Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell. The bad news is that none of them have been formally nominated, and the nomination process usually takes one to two months. (At least Chatterjee has an old boss who may be able to help speed things along.) And the vacancy problem is set to get worse soon: Commissioner Collette Honorable’s term expires on June 30, meaning the administration will need to fill four FERC seats in the coming months.
When the Trump administration comes under fire for the slow pace at which it has nominated candidates to fill key government jobs, the knee-jerk response from administration defenders is that the jobs themselves are unnecessary, and that the president is just shrewdly failing to fill them as a way of shrinking the government. These excuses might seem plausible to some conservatives, but they can’t provide much comfort to the welders and pipefitters who voted for Trump, and who now find themselves waiting anxiously to get to work shoring up America’s energy infrastructure.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In June, Mike Cernovich published a post at his blog Danger & Play, declaring that “there was more than one shooter” in the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Fl., that killed 49 people and injured 53 others; on Twitter, he accused the government and the media of engaging in a “cover-up.” In September, following the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, Cernovich declared that the debate was “rigged” and that “the microphones were set up to make Trump sound unlike his usual self.” It was Cernovich who over the summer popularized the idea that Clinton was suffering from a “grave neurological condition” (one of the Twitter hashtags he used to promote his theory, “#ZombieHillary,” was picked up by Rush Limbaugh on his radio show). And it was Cernovich who was mainly responsible for “Pizza-gate,” the conspiracy theory that Clinton and other Democratic-party officials were running an underground child-sex ring out of a Washington, D.C., pizza parlor, Comet Ping Pong, and which culminated in the shop being shot up by a mentally ill man from North Carolina.
Now Cernovich’s “reporting” has percolated all the way to the Oval Office. On Monday, presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway encouraged her followers to watch Cernovich’s recent appearance on 60 Minutes, where he pushed back against host Scott Pelley’s (accurate) characterization of him as a purveyor of “fake news.” Then, on Tuesday, he received plaudits from Donald Trump Jr. for, it turns out, publishing some actual news: Cernovich apparently beat mainstream-media reporters to the revelation that it was former national-security adviser Susan Rice who requested the “unmasking” of Trump-team members collected in intelligence-gathering operations. “In a long gone time of unbiased journalism he’d win the Pulitzer,” Trump Jr. tweeted. 
How did this happen?
Cernovich, 39 years old and an attorney by training, is the creator of Danger & Play, a blog initially about all things “masculine” that takes its title from Friedrich Nietzsche’s Thus Spake Zarathustra: “The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.” The blog led to his 2015 e-book, Gorilla Mindset: How to Control Your Thoughts and Emotions, Improve Your Health and Fitness, Make More Money and Live Life on Your Terms. Why gorillas? “We are apes,” he says in his Danger & Play: Essays on Masculinity, also published in 2015. “In the jungle, size is king. Women like big men. That’s just evolution.”
Bigger is better for Cernovich. “Size is status.” He ridicules the “weak” and “weak-minded,” who indulge guilt and shame, or what he calls “slave emotions.” He wants men to be “dominant,” which requires careful attention to juicing recipes, muscular density, and “testosterone biofeedback.” Cernovich is very concerned about testosterone. “Check your testosterone levels,” he advises. “Every study on evolutionary psychology has correlated testosterone levels with dominance.” If you’re devoted to a “scientific” approach to masculinity, as Cernovich is, you can acquire “super serum” — Cernovich’s name for semen to which women become “addicted.”
Cernovich initially was not much interested in politics, except where it involved feminism (Danger & Play: “The two pillars of feminism are narcissism and entitlement”). He generally occupied his time writing blog posts such as “Misogyny Gets You Laid,” “When Should You Compliment a Woman?” [A: “During or after sex”], and “How to Cheat on Your Girlfriend.” But in Donald Trump, Cernovich found a man he takes to be a kindred spirit — or, at the very least, an opportunity. He has become a social-media warrior for Trump, unabashedly embracing the label “alt-right” and using his Twitter profile to disseminate fabricated stories. Currently, he has 241,000 Twitter followers. He even scraped another book out of it: MAGA Mindset: Making YOU and America Great Again.
And now he is winning accolades from the White House.
Donald Trump might turn out to have his virtues. His presidential tenure may advance conservative policies or arrest the growth of tentacular bureaucracy. His insensitivity to criticism could help deflate the political correctness swallowing up American political culture. But it can hardly come as a surprise that the “grab-em-by-the-p****” candidate has helped elevate other vulgar, amoral showmen.
Mike Cernovich is the epitome of this type. To him, being “dominant” justifies declaring that “date rape does not exist,” that “women want to be tamed,” and that one of the key signs of a real man is “aggression,” sexual and otherwise. Lie if you like, cheat if you can; what matters is being the “alpha male.” What is the truly “masculine” man’s maxim? “We are done when I say we are done.”
I happen to know a number of very fine men — types who run into firefights, treat marriage as a lifelong vow, and minister to the vulnerable. Some of them are barrel-chested, some aren’t. None of them ever needed Mike Cernovich’s cut-rate pick-up artistry and superficial masculinity cult.
And neither does anyone else.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If you walk into the local coffee shop in many parts of the country, you might reasonably expect to find it crammed with Millennials in Bernie! T-shirts and beanies, typing away on Apple laptops emblazoned with peace signs and “I Stand with Planned Parenthood” stickers.
But if you come across one of Black Rifle Coffee’s 25 franchise locations — set to open across the country this year — you’ll probably find a different kind of customer. That’s because the company’s owner, Evan Hafer, is an Iraq War veteran and a Second Amendment advocate, and he wants everyone to know it. In fact, he tells me on the phone, he’s carrying a gun as we talk.
Hafer has run the company in Salt Lake City for just over two years, and in recent months, demand for his products has skyrocketed. Since he founded Black Rifle Coffee in late 2014, he has donated from his business’s profits to veterans’ and pro–Second Amendment groups.
“The Second Amendment speaks for the entire ethos of the company,” Hafer tells me. “A firearm is woven into the DNA of the country. The American Revolution was fought and won with a firearm.”
His appreciation for the Second Amendment comes from a greater appreciation for the Constitution, as well as from his experience serving in the U.S. Army Special Forces. Hafer spent four years on the ground in Iraq and over two years in Afghanistan, participating in the invasion of Iraq in 2003 and serving several more deployments over the subsequent few years.
Now, just a little over two years since its founding, the company is experiencing an explosion in demand for its many unique coffee roasts and other products, such as mugs, thermoses, and other coffee equipment along with shirts, hats, and sweatshirts.
Hafer says the dramatic surge in sales began around Christmas last year, and orders continued to climb after his February Fox News interview, during which he said he hopes to hire 10,000 veterans to match Starbucks’ plan to hire 10,000 refugees. About 70 of his 102 current employees are veterans.
This increased demand for Black Rifle Coffee has enabled Hafer to hire a number of new workers, and he will continue to do so until his company is able to ship orders out on the day they’re placed. Across the country, 300 retailers sell his coffee, and Hafer is planning to open his first franchises this year, where the coffee will be prepared for customers by his own employees. Among the new locations will be stores in Colorado Springs, San Antonio, North Carolina, and Washington state.
With this recent success has come a greater ability to donate to groups close to Hafer’s heart. He tells me that he supports groups such as the National Rifle Association and a pro-concealed-carry group to defend the Second Amendment. He also donates to law-enforcement groups, having given over $50,000 to the Fraternal Order of Police, as well as Blue Lives Matter, which has enabled the group to purchase life-saving equipment for police officers. And he supports several veterans’ organizations, one of which is Warriors Heart, a non-profit addiction-treatment center for veterans.
Hafer had always been a big coffee drinker, and in 2007, between deployments overseas, he began playing around with creating his own blends and roasts. “I was kind of known as the coffee guy,” he says with a chuckle. “Just your standard coffee-head.”
Coffee provided Hafer with an outlet and an area of interest outside of his many military-related pastimes. “I just needed something different from combat and combat-related activities — exercise, shooting, reading about political issues in the Middle East,” he explains. “I needed something outside of that, so I thought, ‘I’ll start learning about coffee.’”
In 2007 he bought a one-pound Sonofresco coffee roaster and began taking it overseas with him, which enabled him to experiment with temperature and pressure to create different flavors. “I started getting into the science behind coffee, and it was fantastically interesting to me,” he says. Hafer had been roasting coffee for his friends and for restaurants for a long time before he officially opened Black Rifle Coffee. In his business, Hafer has found the perfect way to combine his two loves — coffee and freedom — into one enterprise.
Though he has always been patriotic and in favor of gun rights, he says that his time in the military in particular opened his eyes to the dangers of preventing citizens from protecting themselves. “Ultimately, as we look at tyrannical dictatorships around the world . . . we see that the Second Amendment really does keep the government honest,” he says.
“I’ve spent my adult life in countries that are fundamentally flawed, where people don’t have the right to protect themselves and their families,” Hafer adds. “I can’t tell you how fearful it must be . . . for you, as just a standard man or woman, not to be able to protect your family.”
His belief in the right to self-defense is coupled with an understanding of safety, and he says his company is in favor of responsible gun ownership. “We don’t believe that just anyone should be able to walk around and grab a firearm off the side of the street,” he explains. “There is an ethical responsibility for anyone who carries to be properly trained and vetted.” Hafer is also sure to point out the statistics on lawful gun ownership, which show that violent crime is almost never directly associated with an individual who legally carries a firearm.
But he wants to make sure that his company’s praise for the Second Amendment is always seen in the context of his greater appreciation for the U.S. political order. “Ultimately, what we talk about is the Constitution in general,” he explains. “That document is the cornerstone and basis of our society and our freedom. We love the country, we love the Constitution, we love our rights.”
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Leftists, it seems, have discovered the Bible.
This week, the Washington Post ran a story by Caitlin Dewey with this shocking headline: “GOP lawmaker: The Bible says the unemployed ‘shall not eat.’” The lawmaker at issue was Representative Jodey Arrington (R., Texas), who spoke at length about means-tested welfare programs such as food stamps. He said:
This wasn’t good enough for the Post, which quickly suggested that Biblical conservatives were cruel and overbearing — but true Christianity would stand for government support for the unemployed.
Meanwhile, over at the New York Times, noted theologian Nick Kristof ran a satire piece titled, “And Jesus Said unto Paul Ryan.” The column was just as cringeworthy as you’d expect: It placed the speaker of the House into various scenarios with Jesus, correcting Jesus about mercy and kindness. So, for example, Kristof writes:
Kristof then relates the New Testament parable of the Good Samaritan, with Ryan interjecting that the Good Samaritan’s intervention is “unsustainable and sends the wrong message. It teaches travelers to take dangerous roads, knowing that others will rescue them from self-destructive behaviors.”
What does the Left’s newfound enthusiasm for the Bible tell us? It tells us that the Left doesn’t actually believe in the Bible — the Left believes in government. Every time the Left cites the Bible, it does so as an excuse to let government take from some and redistribute to others, or compel work from some on behalf of others. Neither the Old Testament nor the New talks about government-compelled redistribution of wealth. Even the passage of Leviticus requiring farmers to leave a corner of their field uncut requires the poor to do the hard work of reaping the field — and there is no specified amount of the field in the Torah (rabbis later established a minimum of one-sixtieth of the field).
But according to the Left, theocracy is fine, so long as it pushes a socialist agenda. That ignores the founding view of religion: that voluntary religious practice and association would provide the basic social framework that would make liberty from government possible. The Founders understood that human beings seek to care for the poorest and most unfortunate among us; they also understood that in order to both provide for those who can’t provide for themselves and prevent government’s heavy hand from crushing individual rights, voluntarism would have to fill the gap. The Founders believed that religion, publicly practiced in community settings, could bridge the divide between the needs of community and the rights of the individual. That is what Alexis de Tocqueville meant when he said that “Americans of all ages, all stations in life, and all types of disposition are forever forming associations. . . . Nothing, in my view, deserves more attention than the intellectual and moral associations in America.” Why did such associations matter? Because, Tocqueville said, Americans sought “self-interest rightly understood.” Robert Putnam, author of Bowling Alone, explains, “A society that relies on generalized reciprocity is more efficient than a distrustful society, for the same reason that money is more efficient than barter. Honesty and trust lubricate the inevitable frictions of social life.”
But the Left doesn’t believe in religion, publicly practiced, in order to preserve liberty. The Left scoffs when Mike Pence says that he lives his religion by protecting himself from risky situations with women from the office — the Left favors irreligion in personal activity, with sin punished by harsher governmental regulation rather than avoided through Biblical living. In fact, sin helps drive the need for government activity — the worse the people, the bigger the government necessary. The Left doesn’t believe in preserving individual liberty: The needs of the state always override the needs of the individual, and the existence of voluntary religious community threatens that state.
Thus the Left endorses theocracy rather than voluntary religious practice; it seeks an awkward shotgun marriage between Biblical mandate and secularist overreach. Even as the Left assures its constituents that the Bible is a book of government compulsion with regard to redistribution, it insists that the government can override individual Biblical living at will: The government can force nunneries to provide birth control, require religious bakers to take part in same-sex weddings, and prevent voluntary prayer in public schools. Even as the Left dismisses Biblical thought — and indeed, secularist scientific thought — with regard to the role of government in preventing the murder of the unborn, it insists that a vague reading of “the least of these” results in a moral injunction to steal the wealth of some and hand it over to others.
This is the theocracy of the casually religious — and it’s even less attractive than the theocracy of the Biblically extreme. At least the Biblically radical have a textbook guiding them; leftist theocrats merely follow the dictates of their own heart, imputing those dictates to God when the opportunity arises. This makes them not merely tyrants, but heretical tyrants at that.
The proper role of religion is to guide the values of the citizens, making freedom possible without Biblical cramdowns. Without a religious revival, freedom fades in favor of collectivism — and that’s just what the Left wants, which is why they deliberately twist the Bible to portray it as alternatively sacrosanct and absurd, leaving themselves as both the ultimate moral arbiters and the great godlike sponsors of government.
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
American policymakers should tread carefully in their quest to reverse the negative effects of globalization.
As Congress and the Trump administration turn their attention to international trade, they should narrowly target assistance for U.S. workers harmed by trade agreements rather than promoting policies that would unwittingly roll back U.S. participation in international trade.
The law of unintended consequences is very much at play here. Over-zealous action could damage the freight-railroad industry, a core part of the economy that is essential to many other U.S. businesses, all of which could themselves be damaged by a weakened freight-rail network.
International trade plays a massive and growing role in the U.S. economy. American exports and imports combined are equivalent to around 27 percent of GDP, up from around 17 percent 30 years ago. But forAmerica’s freight railroads, international trade plays an even greater role.
A new assessment of the impact of trade on freight railroads shows that at least 42 percent of rail carloads and intermodal units, and more than 35 percent of annual rail revenue, are directly associated with international trade. If freight hauled by railroads indirectly associated with trade were included, the figures would be notably higher.
International trade accounted for $26.4 billion of freight-rail revenue and 511 million tons of rail traffic in 2014, according to a new analysis by the Association of American Railroads. During the same period of time, approximately 50,000 rail jobs, worth over $5.5 billion in annual wages and benefits, depended directly on international trade, the analysis showed.These are jobs that would be threatened all over the country by any drastic protectionist policy changes, because rail movements associated with international trade include virtually every type of commodity railroads carry and involve every region.
They include, for example, coal for export from ports in Maryland, Virginia, the Gulf Coast, and the Great Lakes. They include paper and forest products imported from Canada into the Midwest, as well as paper products exported from the Southern U.S. They include imports and exports of Canadian and Mexican automotive products to and from auto factories in dozens of U.S. states, reflecting the deep integration of the North American auto industry. They include containers of consumer goods from Asia coming ashore in Los Angeles, Long Beach, Oakland, Tacoma, Savannah, Norfolk, Newark, and many other ports. They include plastics shipped by rail from Texas and Louisiana to the East and West Coasts for export to Europe and Asia. They include iron ore mined in Minnesota and shipped by rail to Great Lakes ports, and grain grown in the Midwest and carried by rail to the Pacific Northwest and the Gulf Coast for export to Asia. They also include construction and farm machinery manufactured in the Midwest and exported from both the East and West coasts.
The freight-rail industry, in other words, touches every corner of our vast economy.
Many countries have rail networks in active decay, but the U.S. freight-railroad system is both a global and domestic powerhouse. According to research from Towson University’s Regional Economic Studies Institute, in 2014 alone U.S. railroads supported approximately 1.5 million jobs, $274 billion in goods or services produced, $88 billion in wages, and $33 billion in tax revenues. These huge economic benefits will be put at risk if trade is curtailed.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin recently stated that, “We believe in free trade, we are in one of the largest markets in the world, we are one of the largest trading partners in the world, trade has been good for us, it has been good for other people.”
America’s freight railroads could not agree more.
— Edward R. Hamberger is president and CEO of the Association of American Railroads.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In 1697, black swans were first discovered in Western Australia. In 1983, Australians discovered a golden goose. This is the true story of the Eighth Wonder of the World: Australian Superannuation. In a new political history, Keating’s and Kelty’s Super Legacy: The Birth and Relentless Threats to the Australian System of Superannuation, former MP Mary Easson demonstrates an insider’s eyes and ears for the backroom brawls fought by big personalities over a big idea made real: retirement savings and investment for all workers, funded by mandatory employer contributions.
In America, limited 401k options are available to mostly white collar professionals. In Australia, retail, construction, and office workers alike enjoy the highest per capita investment in managed funds with access to university endowment-style asset allocation, including Australian and international public equities, fixed income, real estate, infrastructure, hedge funds, private equity, and cash. While the average U.S. savings rate is a meager 5.7 percent, Australians automatically save 9.5 percent in their superannuation accounts, a number set to increase to 12 percent by 2025. Employees can add their own contributions (tax-advantaged for employee and employer) to maximize their savings. Their accounts are fully portable, following modern workers as they change jobs or drop in and out of the workforce to care for children or elderly parents. Upon retirement, the lump sum in each account can be converted into an annuity for long-lasting retirement income, eliminating the risk of outliving one’s savings.
This system of compulsory superannuation is the beating heart of Australia’s world-leading approach to retirement income, supplemented with a limited government pension and individual savings.
What binds Americans in 2017 and beyond? Are we only united against scapegoats and trumped up enemies, or can we create new opportunities for solidarity and prosperity? In November, voters sent a clear message: We want to work and save to provide for our families, our communities, and our country. With the Republican party in its strongest position since the Roaring Twenties, GOP leaders should learn from the failure of President George W. Bush’s ambitiously articulated but ultimately abandoned “Ownership Society.” Bush’s proposal to create individual accounts for Social Security failed to gain support, and a precious opportunity for new multi-generational wealth creation was instead squandered, as Americans threw their money away on teaser-rate mortgages and home-equity loans. While we ate our seed corn, Australians gathered billions of dollars in annual contributions. With over $2.2 trillion currently invested, Australian unions, employers, and politicians have created a prosperous “Shareholder Society.”
The GOP is paralyzed by tone-deaf discussions of “entitlement reform” while anxious Americans worry more about the balance of their savings account than balancing the national budget. Across the aisle, Massachusetts senator Elizabeth Warren demands higher capital requirements for banks, but ignores the opportunity to capitalize Social Security as an endowment for future generations. Now we risk the degradation of Social Security into a means-tested welfare scheme, unused and neglected by the affluent, abandoned to the poor. But in the “national savings nation” at the end of the world, both white-collar professionals and blue-collar workers enjoy access to the power of compounding returns on capital. While our scheme forces retiring Baby Boomers into actuarial battle against their progeny, Australian superannuation is a Burkean “contract between the past, the present, and those yet unborn.” By deferring compensation (and consumption), Australian workers accumulate assets that weave more resiliency into the social safety net, rather than piling up unfunded liabilities which threaten to tear it down in the times of demographic or economic stress when they are needed most.
Union voters in key swing states powered President Trump’s electoral victory. As he looks for helpful models of political leadership, he should draw inspiration from the tough talk and impressive achievements of the Australian union bosses who helped enact superannuation in the early 1980s. Lest he flee from action to distraction, he should recall the advice of an Aussie union leader to a fellow activist: “History is short, mate.” Arguing with a rival who preferred an immediate wage increase to deferred savings, Australian union leader Bill Kelty roared in response: “Stuff you! You’re not getting the money!” Union official Tom McDonald helpfully clarified that, “If we had [demanded a wage increase at the time], we would have got bugger all!” They also had to police their own against abuses of the system, rejecting requests to use superannuation funds to bail out failing businesses. “[T]here was a suggestion to buy an apple-picking factory at Batlow to save 40 jobs . . . and I said, ‘Pig’s arse!’” manufacturing union leader Bert Evans recalled. Behind the loud voices, though, was sound thinking: “It came back to the fairly fundamental precept that says, ‘unions are about distribution, but you can’t influence distribution effectively unless you are growing the show.’ . . . So we had to be part of the wealth-creation thrust.”
The lasting achievement of Australian superannuation was to unite labor and capital in a common goal: providing all citizens with a better retirement income and increasing national savings and investment. Here is Terra Firma Australis for Buy American boosters and supply-siders to stand upon together: National growth powered by an increased flow of domestic savings! Workers receiving a significant improvement in retirement income! Businesses reinvesting additional capital in higher productivity and employment! Effective government social programs relieved of the burden of servicing foreign debt! Americans made to save again, and America made great again!
Sounds super, doesn’t it?
— Stephen Schmalhofer writes from Brooklyn, N.Y.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
With President Xi Jinping of China visiting the U.S. this week, many wish they could be the proverbial fly on the wall at the Mar-a-Lago estate as these two world leaders hash out an array of important issues. President Trump has made it clear that he is unhappy with the status quo of the U.S.–China relationship. For his part, Xi Jinping initially responded to Trump’s aggressive comments by implying that China may “take off its gloves” if Trump continues to antagonize it. Lately, though, Xi Jinping has pivoted to more-conciliatory comments about the value of “free trade.”
The trade issue and its link to the hollowing-out of the U.S. manufacturing sector (and jobs) is certainly important. However, there is a danger that it will crowd out a host of other issues, including one that I think trumps (sorry) all others: China’s complicity in the torture and murder of tens of thousands of human beings.
While China’s own human-rights record is more than troubling, its steadfast support for the Kim regime and its policy of sending back North Koreans who flee is also unconscionable. It’s well known that one way the Kims have retained power is through the use of a massive gulag system in which a sizable percentage of their own population are imprisoned and murdered.
Yet Beijing has an almost unique ability to influence the ultra-repressive “hermit kingdom” to its east. For decades, China has provided North Korea with most of its food and energy supplies, and China accounts for more than 70 percent of its total trade volume.
Additionally, Beijing is the provider of most of the direct aid to the DPRK and serves as virtually its sole advocate in foreign-policy disputes. In recent years, even China seems to be growing weary of Kim Jong-un’s antics, but the chances of its seriously addressing human rights in North Korea seem slim. North Korea is a military (and ideological) buffer state that has obvious value for China. On the economic front, if North Korea falls, millions of refugees are likely to flood across the Chinese border. The bill for the humanitarian crisis that would unfold is not one that China is interested in paying, so it continues to kick the can down the road and opt for the devil it knows.
President Trump in his meetings with Xi Jinping has the responsibility to bring to light China’s intolerable support of the world’s most oppressive and murderous regime.
At my organization, International Christian Concern, we feel a deep and acute sense of urgency about this issue. Christians are routinely singled out for exceptionally poor treatment by the Kim regime. The simple act of owning a Bible can send you and three generations of your family to one of the prison camps where tens of thousands of Christians have died or been executed over the past 70 years.
China could drastically change a major human-rights abuse overnight and save thousands of lives by ending its repatriation policy. Chinese officials are well aware that once defectors are returned to North Korea, they are at the whim of the North Korean government. Torture, imprisonment, and even execution of those who are repatriated are common. The repatriation policy makes China complicit in the persecution and death of thousands of North Koreans each year.
China is seeking recognition as a global power. That presents a prime opportunity to point out its complicity in human-rights abuses and may make it especially receptive to criticism on the human-rights front.
The United States, while not perfect, has for decades been the champion of the repressed and oppressed. Moreover, those who suffer under despotic regimes have often looked to us to champion their cause and denounce their dictators.
I am reminded of the Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky and his remarks on President Reagan’s denunciation of the USSR as an “evil empire”:
Each generation witnesses its own atrocities and unchallenged evils. This week, President Trump has a unique opportunity to call out the North Korean regime for what it is and to challenge China to end its policy of repatriating North Korean defectors.
Such a move on the president’s part would find support on both sides of the aisle, demonstrate moral leadership to critics and supporters alike, save thousands from the camps and firing squads of the Kim regime, and be a bold first step in building a legacy as a champion of human rights and freedom. Maybe, if done well, it could even be another “great, brilliant moment” and the beginning of the end for one of the most reprehensible evils of our time.
— Jeff King has served as the president of International Christian Concern (ICC) since 2002 and has traveled extensively to meet with victims of religious persecution around the world and to provide assistance.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Campus feminists whipped up a Category 5 frenzy over sexual-assault allegations at a Northwestern University fraternity in February. But last week the school’s vice president for student affairs, Patricia Telles-Irvin, was forced to muster up her best impression of Saturday Night Live’s classic foot-in-mouther, Emily Litella:
Ne-e-e-e-e-ver m-i-i-i-i-ind.
Picture Telles-Irvin squinting and grimacing sheepishly as she wrote an update on her breathless bulletin “that four female students attending an event at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity house were possibly given a date-rape drug, and two of these students believed they were sexually assaulted.”
Before I reveal the substance of her update, let me note that shrieking protests ensued after that initial alert. Tears flowed. Demands escalated. Northwestern’s student-government association called for SAE’s suspension. The Chicago Tribune’s headline on the brouhaha screamed “crisis.” The Chicago Sun-Times’ headline blared that “nerves are raw.” Local TV stations spread panic over “date rape drugs.” On behalf of the university, Telles-Irvin condemned “any such conduct in the strongest possible terms.” The school offered support for “survivors.”
But the hysteria was all based on anonymous phone calls. There were no actual victims, no witnesses, and no physical evidence or electronic evidence or any other kind of evidence that any such an event involving any such women ingesting any such drugs or suffering any such sexual assaults ever occurred.
It was left to Northwestern professor Laura Kipnis, author of the new book Unwanted Advances: Sexual Paranoia Comes to Campus, to publicly caution against premature witch hunts. (Kipnis was the target herself of a social-justice mob inquisition after penning an irreverent essay assailing oppressive campus sexual behavior codes, Title IX litigation run amok, and “infantilized” student snowflakes.)
“If we’ve learned anything from the unraveling of Rolling Stone’s now-retracted story about an alleged rape and cover-up at a University of Virginia frat a couple of years ago, it’s that we need to slow down the rush to judgment until we’re in possession of sufficient verifiable information to form solid conclusions,” Kipnis warned eight weeks ago.
“If we fail to do that, we’re guilty of what the commission that later investigated the Rolling Stone story excoriated as ‘confirmation bias’ — that is, forming conclusions in advance of the facts to justify our biases,” she added. “I certainly hope we get updates as the investigation continues,” she concluded, “but leaping to action — especially in the absence of verified (or perhaps even verifiable) complaints — is at best a failure of due process, and at worst vigilantism.”
Indeed, as K. C. Johnson and Stuart Taylor Jr. document in The Campus Rape Frenzy, the federal government and virtually all colleges and universities have “mounted a systematic attack on bedrock American principles including the presumption of innocence, access to exculpatory evidence, the right to cross-examine one’s accuser, and due process” in the name of eradicating “rape culture.”
Unfortunately, Kipnis is in the minuscule minority of the sane and responsible at Northwestern. When one brave student senator, an SAE fraternity member, stood up for the “rights of the accused” during debate over a resolution to condemn the “pervasive culture of sexual misconduct” on campus, he was chastised for his “privilege” and castigated for “victim-blaming.”
And now for the dénouement.
After a “prompt and thorough” investigation, Telles-Irvin revealed last week, “no disciplinary action or further investigative action related to the reports of sexual misconduct will be taken at this time.” Did investigators ever track down the anonymous callers who leveled the allegations that smeared the fraternity’s rep and convicted its members in the court of public opinion? Will false accusers ever be held accountable? We’ll never know. The case of the Northwestern rape outbreak that never happened is closed. Poof!
Now, instead of admitting the whole thing was a hoax, Northwestern is scouring the targeted fraternity for “other potential violations” of campus codes to justify putting them through hell in the first place. Victimized again.
Why any mom would pay to send her son into this anti-male maelstrom is beyond me. I’d ask famous Hollywood lefty Julia Louis-Dreyfus, whose son plays basketball at Northwestern (and is an SAE member, I’m told), what she thinks of toxic “rape culture” zealots targeting innocent men on campus. But she’s apparently too busy modeling her militant feminist pussyhat on Instagram to take notice.
— Michelle Malkin is the host of “Michelle Malkin Investigates” on CRTV.com. Her e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
The conservative commentariat is full of suggestions these days for how Donald Trump can salvage his first 100 days.
F. H. Buckley, the organizer of “Scholars and Writers for Trump,” writes in the New York Post that the president should “split” the GOP, align himself with Democrats, and embrace Canadian-style single-payer health care.
Ross Douthat of the New York Times says Trump should get a brain trust that can guide him on the right policies, since he seems not to have many of his own.
Similarly, my National Review colleague (well, boss) Rich Lowry penned a widely discussed piece for Politico, “The Crisis of Trumpism,” in which he argued that Trump’s basic problem is that he has no idea what he wants to do or how to get it done. “No officeholder in Washington,” Lowry writes, “seems to understand President Donald Trump’s populism or have a cogent theory of how to effect it in practice, including the president himself.”
These and other constructive criticisms all strike me as reasonable (except for that Canadian health-care thing, which is bonkers). But they’re misdiagnosing the malady at the core of the Trump presidency.
In the months after he secured the nomination, Trump and his surrogates promised skeptics that he would not be a hands-on policy guy. Instead, he’d rely on congressional leadership and, later, Mike Pence to do the major lifting, while the president would go around giving speeches to Make America Great Again.
Douthat is right that Trump could use a brain trust. But some of us were told that Pence or Reince Priebus or Paul Ryan would serve that role. Certainly they’ve tried. Moreover, there are countless policy agendas sitting on the shelf for Trump to choose among.
Why so much chaos, then? A common answer you hear from all corners is “the tweeting” — the horrible, horrible tweeting. But when you talk to people with more hands-on experience in, or with, the Trump White House, the better answer is that the tweeting is just a symptom.
Trump brings the same glandular, impulsive style to meetings and interviews as he does to social media. He blurts out ideas or claims that send staff scrambling to see them implemented or defended. His management style is Hobbesian. Rivalries are encouraged. Senior aides panic at the thought of not being part of his movable entourage. He cares more about saving face and “counterpunching” his critics than he does about getting policy victories.
In short, the problem is Trump’s personality. His presidency doesn’t suffer from a failure of ideas, but a failure of character.
For the last two years, when asked how I thought the Trump administration would go, I’ve replied, “Character is destiny.” This wasn’t necessarily a prediction of a divorce or sexual scandal, but rather an acknowledgment of the fact that, under normal circumstances, people don’t change. And septuagenarian billionaires who’ve won so many spins of the roulette wheel of life are even less likely to change.
It’s true that Trump has racked up some wins — a few relatively easy executive orders and the Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch, who’ll wind up taking the late Antonin Scalia’s seat one way or another.
Good news is not defining his term, though. Trump’s off-the-cuff claim that President Obama “wiretapped” him ate up a third of his first 100 days and hurt his standing with allies and voters alike. If you believe that this was some brilliant 4-D chess gambit hatched at Mar-a-Lago, you must believe that plummeting to 35 percent approval was part of the plan, too.
The president is this presidency’s worst enemy, and there’s no sign of improvement ahead.
Trump detests apologizing or expressing regrets for his actions. He’d rather just change the subject or attack. He likes demanding that other people apologize for the same reason that he won’t: He sees admitting error as a personal defeat.
But in politics, apologizing is a way to ask for a fresh start, not just from others but from yourself. If he apologized for his rocky start and asked for a do-over, Trump could replenish some of his squandered political capital. I hope he does, but I won’t bet that way because, again, character is destiny.
—Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As Senate Democrats prepare to filibuster one of the most qualified Supreme Court picks in a generation, as they continue to seethe that Barack Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland, was denied a hearing, and as Republicans prepare to nuke the filibuster to confirm Neil Gorsuch, well-meaning Americans look at a “broken” process and wonder, “What went wrong?”
There are narrow answers to the question, and I offered one yesterday, writing that Ted Kennedy killed the judicial filibuster in 1987. His extraordinary and slanderous personal attack on Robert Bork transformed the confirmation process for the next three decades (and counting). But even Ted Kennedy was a symptom of a larger problem, one that the Supreme Court unquestionably brought on itself. The people who are truly to blame for the present crisis all wore (and wear) black to work.
What went wrong? The Supreme Court went wrong, and it did so most decisively and consequentially when it created the right to kill a child.
It is difficult to overstate the legal and moral consequences of the Supreme Court’s decisions, rendered inevitable in 1965, formalized in 1973, and reaffirmed in 1992, to dishonestly create and illegitimately protect a “constitutional” right to abortion. In a series of strokes, the Court declared that the text and history of the Constitution — even reason and logic itself — were inconsequential compared with the presumed social justice of the outcome. This was the “living constitution” turned into a child-devouring monster.
Consider the foundation for Roe v. Wade, the 1965 case Griswold v. Connecticut. This case concocted a constitutional right to purchase and use contraceptives. This is the textbook example of how bad facts make bad law. In this case, Connecticut had on the books an unenforced and unenforceable law prohibiting even married people from using contraceptives. One court dismissed a challenge because it deemed the law a “dead letter.” The statute was so meaningless and the case so artificial that the district attorney let the plaintiffs (according to a glowing Newsweek profile) “in a sense write the script for their arrest.”
No matter. Planned Parenthood got its test case, and Justice William O. Douglas obliged with one of the most incomprehensible opinions in judicial history. Since of course there is no right to purchase contraceptives in the Constitution, and there was a very long history of state-regulated sexual conduct in the United States (including laws against adultery and fornication), the Court had no actual textual basis for ruling in favor of Planned Parenthood.
But who needs text when you have “penumbras and emanations”? In his opinion striking down Connecticut’s law, Justice Douglas actually wrote that “specific guarantees in the Bill of Rights have penumbras, formed by emanations from those guarantees that help give them life and substance.” This was sheer nonsense. It was embarrassing rhetoric, but embarrassing rhetoric from the Supreme Court has the force of law.
Just like that, the majority of the legal heavy lifting was done. Roe v. Wade was foreordained, and the Court that held that a Constitution that “did not explicitly mention any right of privacy” was somehow “broad enough” to grant one person (the mother) the constitutional right to hire someone to kill another person (her child) — a person that the Court arbitrarily called a mere “potential life.”
While the outcome of the decision was immediately hailed by leftists across the land, the more honest liberal legal scholars were (to put it charitably) dubious. Earlier this year, the Washington Examiner’s Timothy Carney collected some of the better examples. Harvard Law School’s Laurence Tribe famously said that “behind [Roe’s] own verbal smokescreen, the substantive judgment on which it rests is nowhere to be found.” Edward Lazarus, a former law clerk to Justice Harry Blackmun, the author of the Roe opinion, said, “As a matter of constitutional interpretation and judicial method, Roe borders on the indefensible.” Even Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the “Notorious RBG” herself, once said the case was “heavy-handed judicial intervention [that] was difficult to justify and appears to have provoked, not resolved, conflict.”
But that was then. Now Roe is sacred. So sacred, in fact, that it’s worth creating a new religion to protect. In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, the Supreme Court turned back a direct challenge to Roe in part by issuing a stirring ode to the power of precedent and in part by embedding a deeply religious principle deep in the heart of constitutional jurisprudence. Justices O’Connor, Kennedy, and Souter (GOP appointees, all) declared that “at the heart of liberty is the right to define one’s own concept of existence, of meaning, of the universe, and of the mystery of human life.”
This is a bold philosophical statement, found nowhere in the Constitution, that is utterly at odds with Christian orthodoxy and the fundamental beliefs of most major religions. It creates a kind of constitutional “super clause” that literally cloaks the act of mass-scale killing within a fictional right of each person to “define” for themselves the “mystery of human life.” Never mind DNA. Never mind science. Never mind logic.
Never mind the Constitution.
The moral consequences of this intellectual bankruptcy have been profound. Millions of children have been poisoned, stabbed, and dismembered. Our democracy has been corrupted to protect abortion charnel houses even from the most basic commonsense regulations. The precedents and reasoning that created the abortion right have translated into a belief in a “living constitution” that is so deeply embedded into the philosophy of the Left that it now believes that the Court can and should simply decide the correct outcome of any given case and then “find” the right and reasoning in some combination of philosophy, law, precedent, and (sometimes) even selectively chosen foreign legal decisions.
It is against this backdrop that people who respect the text and history of the Constitution look at the unusual exercise of GOP will — blocking Merrick Garland and pushing Neil Gorsuch through a potential filibuster and say, quite simply, “Finally.” Finally the GOP understands the stakes. Finally the political branches are taking steps to correct the judiciary’s overreach and abuse. Finally the checks and balances are checking the justices of the Supreme Court. They are not high priests. They cannot define a new religion. And they are not ultimately beyond or above the Constitution they purport to rewrite.
Roe casts its long shadow. That shadow fell on Merrick Garland. It now falls on Chuck Schumer and Senate Democrats. It falls on a political movement that won’t permit dissent from its child-killing ethos. Defying President Obama in 2016 and Chuck Schumer in 2017 won’t fix our nation’s jurisprudence, and it won’t necessarily end Roe, but it does signal that a critical mass of Americans have had enough. At long last, and for today at least, judicial supremacists face the consequences they so richly deserve.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The thing to bear in mind is that the White House does not do investigations. Not criminal investigations, not intelligence investigations.
Remember that.
Why is that so important in the context of explosive revelations that Susan Rice, President Obama’s national-security adviser, confidant, and chief dissembler, called for the “unmasking” of Trump campaign and transition officials whose identities and communications were captured in the collection of U.S. intelligence on foreign targets?
Because we’ve been told for weeks that any unmasking of people in Trump’s circle that may have occurred had two innocent explanations: (1) the FBI’s investigation of Russian meddling in the election and (2) the need to know, for purposes of understanding the communications of foreign intelligence targets, the identities of Americans incidentally intercepted or mentioned. The unmasking, Obama apologists insist, had nothing to do with targeting Trump or his people.
That won’t wash.
In general, it is the FBI that conducts investigations that bear on American citizens suspected of committing crimes or of acting as agents of foreign powers. In the matter of alleged Russian meddling, the investigative camp also includes the CIA and the NSA. All three agencies conducted a probe and issued a joint report in January. That was after Obama, despite having previously acknowledged that the Russian activity was inconsequential, suddenly made a great show of ordering an inquiry and issuing sanctions.
Consequently, if unmasking was relevant to the Russia investigation, it would have been done by those three agencies. And if it had been critical to know the identities of Americans caught up in other foreign intelligence efforts, the agencies that collect the information and conduct investigations would have unmasked it. Because they are the agencies that collect and refine intelligence “products” for the rest of the “intelligence community,” they are responsible for any unmasking; and they do it under “minimization” standards that FBI Director James Comey, in recent congressional testimony, described as “obsessive” in their determination to protect the identities and privacy of Americans.
Understand: There would have been no intelligence need for Susan Rice to ask for identities to be unmasked. If there had been a real need to reveal the identities — an intelligence need based on American interests — the unmasking would have been done by the investigating agencies.
The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president’s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests.
The FBI, CIA, and NSA generate or collect the intelligence in, essentially, three ways: conducting surveillance on suspected agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), and carrying out more-sweeping collections under two other authorities — a different provision of FISA, and a Reagan-era executive order that has been amended several times over the ensuing decades, EO 12,333.
As Director Comey explained, in answering questions posed by Representative Trey Gowdy (R., S.C.), those three agencies do collection, investigation, and analysis. In general, they handle any necessary unmasking — which, due to the aforementioned privacy obsessiveness, is extremely rare. Unlike Democratic-party operatives whose obsession is vanquishing Republicans, the three agencies have to be concerned about the privacy rights of Americans. If they’re not, their legal authority to collect the intelligence — a vital national-security power — could be severely curtailed when it periodically comes up for review by Congress, as it will later this year.
Those three collecting agencies — FBI, CIA, and NSA — must be distinguished from other components of the government, such as the White House. Those other components, Comey elaborated, “are consumers of our products.” That is, they do not collect raw intelligence and refine it into useful reports — i.e., reports that balance informational value and required privacy protections. They read those reports and make policy recommendations based on them. White House staffers are not supposed to be in the business of controlling the content of the reports; they merely act on the reports.
Thus, Comey added, these consumers “can ask the collectors to unmask.” But the unmasking authority “resides with those who collected the information.”
Of course, the consumer doing the asking in this case was not just any government official. We’re talking about Susan Rice. This was Obama’s right hand doing the asking. If she made an unmasking “request,” do you suppose anyone at the FBI, CIA, or NSA was going to say no?
That brings us to three interesting points.
The first involves political intrusion into law enforcement — something that the White House is supposed to avoid. (You may remember that Democrats ran Bush attorney general Alberto Gonzales out of town over suspicions about it.) As I have noted repeatedly, in publishing the illegally leaked classified information about former national-security adviser Michael Flynn’s communications with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak, the New York Times informs us that “Obama advisers” and “Obama officials” were up to their eyeballs in the investigation:
It appears very likely that Susan Rice was involved in the unmasking of Michael Flynn. Was she also monitoring the FBI’s investigation? Was she involved in the administration’s consideration of (bogus) criminal charges against Flynn? With the subsequent decision to have the FBI interrogate Flynn (or “grill” him, as the Times put it)?
The second point is that, while not a pillar of rectitude, Ms. Rice is not an idiot. Besides being shrewd, she was a highly involved, highly informed consumer of intelligence, and a key Obama political collaborator. Unlike the casual reader, she would have known who the Trump-team players were without needing to have their identities unmasked. Do you really think her purpose in demanding that names be revealed was to enhance her understanding of intelligence about the activities and intentions of foreign targets? Seriously? I’m betting it was so that others down the dissemination chain could see the names of Trump associates — names the investigating agencies that originally collected the information had determined not to unmask.
Third, and finally, let’s consider the dissemination chain Rice had in mind.
The most telling remark that former Obama deputy defense secretary Evelyn Farkas made in her now-infamous MSNBC interview was the throw-away line at the end: “That’s why you have all the leaking.”
Put this in context: Farkas had left the Obama administration in 2015, subsequently joining the presidential campaign of, yes, Hillary Clinton — Trump’s opponent. She told MSNBC that she had been encouraging her former Obama-administration colleagues and members of Congress to seek “as much information as you can” from the intelligence community.
“That’s why you have the leaking.”
To summarize: At a high level, officials like Susan Rice had names unmasked that would not ordinarily be unmasked. That information was then being pushed widely throughout the intelligence community in unmasked form . . . particularly after Obama, toward the end of his presidency, suddenly — and seemingly apropos of nothing — changed the rules so that all of the intelligence agencies (not just the collecting agencies) could have access to raw intelligence information.
As we know, the community of intelligence agencies leaks like a sieve, and the more access there is to juicy information, the more leaks there are. Meanwhile, former Obama officials and Clinton-campaign advisers, like Farkas, were pushing to get the information transferred from the intelligence community to members of Congress, geometrically increasing the likelihood of intelligence leaks.
By the way, have you noticed that there have been lots of intelligence leaks in the press?
There’s an old saying in the criminal law: The best evidence of a conspiracy is success.
The criminal law also has another good rule of thumb: Consciousness of guilt is best proved by false exculpatory statements. That’s a genre in which Susan Rice has rich experience.
Two weeks ago, she was asked in an interview about allegations by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) that the Obama administration had unmasked Trump-team members.
“I know nothing about this,” Rice replied. “I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today.”
Well, at least she didn’t blame it on a video.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
There have been roughly two sorts of Democratic presidents over the last century. A few were revolutionaries who sought to take the country leftward with them. They were masters of “never letting a serious crisis go to waste” transformations and came to power after the chaos of national crises and near collapse.
Franklin Roosevelt created the modern notion of intrusive, redistributive government during the panic of the Depression. Lyndon Johnson, following the trauma of the John F. Kennedy assassination, pushed through the Great Society, which institutionalized the idea that it was the duty of government to use its power and money to seek an equality of result among the citizenry.
Barack Obama, following the economic crisis of 2008, sought to implant “lead from behind” foreign policy and an update of the Great Society, and to “fundamentally transform” the country, usually by focusing on identity politics as the core of the culture (in which the color of our skin rather than the content of our character would brand us for who we are).
In contrast, Democratic presidents such as Harry Truman, John F. Kennedy, Jimmy Carter, and Bill Clinton acted more as caretakers. They more or less administered what they had inherited but lacked the ideological fervor (or perhaps the political savvy or desire) to take the state further leftward.
The immediate Republican antidotes to Democratic revolutionaries were rarely themselves counter-revolutionaries. Dwight Eisenhower modestly tried to pull the country back to the center after 20 years of the New Deal — but nonetheless was hounded unmercifully for trying to do so. The supposedly dark and evil Richard Nixon instituted wage and price controls, created the EPA, and went to China. He did not dismantle the Great Society.
A true conservative revolutionary has been rare — Goldwater failed to get elected, and Reagan, without both houses of Congress, ended up more moderate than he expected and was followed in office by a Republican centrist.
Nonetheless, the media and the Left, in their respective arenas, howled that these modest corrections back to the center by Eisenhower, Nixon, and now Trump were nihilistic and extreme.
True to form, we are now hearing those same end-of-days accusations — even as Trump seeks to bring the U.S. back to about where it was between 1980 and 1992. Note that this endless cycle of change and counter-change is not a static phenomenon but incrementally (and over time radically) takes government and the culture ever more leftward.
So far, Trump has adopted the old Bill Clinton approach to illegal immigration, a formerly centrist but now strangely unorthodox position: He favors law enforcement rather than politically inspired amnesties calibrated to give him electoral and demographic political advantage.
His appeals to the white working classes are right out of the Clinton-Gore appeals in 1992, and they’re a rehash of Reagan’s courting of Democrats.
Hillary Clinton pandered more to working-class whites in 2008 than Trump did in 2016. The latter never said something akin to Hillary’s overt boasts about her white support in the 2008 primaries. “I have a much broader base to build a winning coalition on,” she told USA Today, adding that an AP story “found how Senator Obama’s support among working, hard-working Americans, white Americans, is weakening again, and how whites in [Indiana and North Carolina] who had not completed college were supporting me.”
Trump seeks to finish the border wall that was authorized and started by others. And he is called nativist, racist, and worse, largely because between 2009 and 2016 what was extreme was presented not just as the new normal but as the new foundation of something even more radical to come. Trump’s proposed modest cuts in discretionary spending — less than 2 percent of a quarter of the budget — will hardly affect the deficit or the $20 trillion national debt. Nonetheless, Democrats will condemn him as a modern-day Scrooge.
On energy, Trump again is simply trying to finish the Keystone and Dakota pipelines that were authorized by others. His approach to coal is standard 1990s boilerplate Democratic politics. Sarah Palin’s 2008 mantra of “drill, baby, drill” was smugly written off by then-candidate Obama as Neanderthalism. In fact, she not only proved prescient; she also outlined the eventual energy protocols that saved the Obama presidency. When all of Obama’s efforts failed to achieve 3 percent economic growth, what he opposed — fracking and horizontal drilling — prevented a weak economy from completely tanking.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is mild-mannered and superbly qualified, and by design he avoids polarization. Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor had far greater records of unapologetic political activism.
Trump’s vision of the EPA, of regulations in general, and of taxes take us back to what was also normal in the George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton eras. They seem revolutionary — again only because Obama used executive-branch regulations along with the courts as a means to implement radical agendas that otherwise lacked both public and congressional support.
If Trump’s tax reform is successful, the top brackets won’t be that much different from what they were under George W. Bush.
The furor over Trump’s efforts to reform Obamacare (rather than repeal it and start over) largely grew out of the assumption formed over the last eight years that it was the duty of the federal government to demand that everyone have one standard brand of health insurance, regardless of individual circumstance and preferences. If Trump ever reforms health care, it will probably be a return to the old system prior to Obama, with some state subsidies for the indigent to buy their own private health-care plans and with a few protections about preexisting conditions and young adults being able to stay on their parents’ plans until age 26. These are radical ideas only to radicals who had envisioned Obamacare as the final step to a one-payer system like Britain’s National Health Service.
So far, the Left has not said much about Trump’s foreign policy, to the extent its shape can be discerned in the administration’s first 100 days. But again, what is emerging is something that is neither neoconservative nation-building nor “lead from behind” Obama-era recessionals.
Practically, it looks to be an unleashing of the restrictions on American power against ISIS, but no intention of occupying and rebuilding Syria; a Jacksonian determination to deter Iran and North Korea, but no desire to implement regime change by force in either country; and a return to the status quo of old friends and enemies after the Obama-era recalibration of American interests (Israel and the Gulf States are once again friends, Iran most certainly is not). Putin is Putin — to be quietly deterred rather than loudly, gratuitously romanced or alienated. He is neither worthy of attempting another reset along the lines of Obama’s open-mic promises of “flexibility,” nor is he the existential demon who robbed them of a third term of the Obama presidency, as the Democrats have suddenly decided.
Trump’s foreign-policy team has few hard-core politicos like Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, Samantha Power, Susan Rice, or Ben Rhodes.
James Mattis, Rex Tillerson, and H. R. McMaster may or may not have voted for Trump; they are Jacksonians, certainly not international utopians, ideologues, and globalists. They have never been elected to anything. Mostly, the trio wishes to protect American interests abroad, and they agree that U.S. interests come first. In other words, in them, we have something in between George Marshall and John Foster Dulles at the helm, rather than Cyrus Vance and John Kerry.
If Trump so far has tried to push the country back to the center after the last eight years of Obama’s efforts to “fundamentally transform” the country, why the hysteria?
Three obvious reasons come to mind.
1) Some in the media and the liberal community are mimicking Trump’s own “Art of the Deal” methodology. They know that Trump’s agenda so far is pretty much centrist by their own standards, but they believe that by exaggerating and demonizing it as nearly a John Bircher project, Trump will back off — and therefore end up to the left-center rather than in the center or right of center. If Trump is smeared now as 90 percent demonic, they can later negotiate downward for a 55 percent demonic president and consider it a smashing victory.
2) Other hysterical leftists are still furious, as much at themselves as at Trump. In the 2016 election, they had everything imaginable going for them: the Clinton brand name, the country’s Big Money from Wall Street, Silicon Valley, and Hollywood, Republican civil war and Never Trump insurrections, a captive and toady media, an abandonment of Trump by conservative megaphones, veritable collusion between the press and the Obama campaign, popular culture, the foreign press, and the European bureaucracy — and they blew it.
To admit that they imploded because Hillary Clinton was a shrill and unimaginative candidate, that the campaign was both horribly and arrogantly run, and that the proverbial “people’s party” was not seen as populist by millions of Americans in the key swing states is still impossible. In contrast, Trump as the beneficiary of Russian collusion and as a veritable Hitlerian Gruppenführer offers leftists the psychological atonement they require to recover from their self-inflicted disasters.
3) Finally, Trump the person, not the particulars of his agenda, drives the Left crazy. It is not just that he can be crude, blunt, and uncouth, but that by doing so he delights the half of the country that is sickened by supposedly elegant political correctness.
If Trump’s political agendas so far are correctives of Obama radicalism, his cultural and rhetorical agendas — Americans first, nationalism in lieu of globalization, economic and military rather than soft power, confident American ascendance rather than slow and comfortable adjustment to decline, the melting pot over the salad bowl — represent to the Democrats heretical apostasies from the entire politically correct national faith.
We know from the history of American politics that zealots more often are provoked by words than deeds, and react more to symbols than to statistics.
What to expect in this new civil war?
Trumpism, to the extent it can be defined, will be deemed successful and even iconic if it achieves a GDP growth of 3 percent or above.
If not, then expect the present hysteria over the journey back to the center to grow.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
A recent report in Spain’s El País touts “the Spanish connection with Trump’s Russia scandal”:
The meeting never took place, but according to El País, Torshin, who is currently the deputy governor of the Central Bank of Russia and is suspected by Spanish authorities of being part of a Russian money-laundering operation, has other links to the administration: Last May, he sat beside Donald Trump Jr. during a private dinner in Louisville, Ky.
Links between the new administration and the Kremlin are not hard to come by. There are the legitimate (e.g., Jeff Sessions’s visit with the Russian ambassador), the dubious (e.g., ousted NSA director Michael Flynn’s many communications with the same), and the alarming (e.g., nearly anything involving campaign advisers Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, or Carter Page). But after months of “explosive” revelations, it remains unclear precisely what the charges against the White House are. Has the new president simply been too friendly to Vladimir Putin? In his stupendous ignorance, has he permitted his egotism to reshape American foreign policy? Or — more troubling — has he wooed the Kremlin to advance his overseas business interests? Or — most troubling — did he work with Russian sources to manipulate November’s election? Prominent critics of the president have suggested that Donald Trump is “a Kremlin stooge,” “a pawn of Putin,” and a “collaborator” with Russian intelligence. But what the president is being accused of is always left hanging in a cloud of insinuation.
This is likely because, as of now, there is no concrete charge to make. There is no evidence that the president or his close advisers have broken the law in their communications with Russian officials. There is no reliable evidence that anyone “collaborated” with Russian officials to influence the election, or that Russian influence was more than indirect (i.e., votes may have been swayed by WikiLeaks’s exposure of the DNC e-mails, but Russia did not “hack the election,” in the sense of manipulating voting machines). Even Manafort, Stone, and Page, the three advisers with the closest and most troubling ties to the Kremlin, have not been shown to have done anything prosecutable. All of this is provisional, of course — and must remain so until the congressional intelligence committees complete their investigations — but it’s noteworthy nonetheless, as critics on right and left compare Donald Trump to Richard Nixon and whisper about impeachment.
What, then, is the problem with the administration’s Russia ties? The news from El País is instructive.
Part of Donald Trump’s appeal was that he would keep out of the White House Hillary Clinton and her whole network of should-be felons. The Right’s chief concern about the Clinton Foundation and the Clintons’ “charitable” work was that it provided a veiled way for parties — especially foreign parties — with alarming agendas to purchase White House influence. Right-leaning voters were convinced that the Clintons would not surround themselves with responsible, ethical public servants, but with people happy to sell American policy to the highest bidder.
If the Trump administration is entangled with the Kremlin, it seems — so far, at least — to be in precisely this way. With no interest in upholding any normal standards of public integrity, the White House has been willing to engage any comer with influence, and so time and again put its highly questionable judgment on display. This was Trump’s m.o. during the campaign, recall. There was no carefully plotted endgame in his praising Alex Jones; he was simply happy to help anyone who helped him. The same impulse goes a long way toward explaining not only the administration’s decision to invite a Russian gangster to breakfast, but its enthusiasm for individuals associated with the alt-right and much else. The White House is unconcerned with the dictates of propriety; it is self-interested and reckless.
This hypothesis — that the administration is more reckless than sinister — will displease Trump critics on both sides of the political spectrum, who need the president to be an out-and-out villain, and who have decided that the only appropriate conclusion to this saga is impeachment and a prison cell. That is a fantasy. But the fact that the president’s conduct does not merit a Senate trial does not mean it doesn’t merit vigilance and vigorous criticism. And that criticism is important in helping to keep the administration as much as possible on the straight-and-narrow. It has worked at least once: Under pressure from the media about its unseemly ties to Russia, the White House canceled the meetup with Torshin.
“Trump’s Russia scandal,” if what we know so far is any indication, may turn out to have been more smoke than fire. But this administration’s unflagging bad judgment leaves plenty to worry about.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
An Evangelical Filipino man who lived several years in Saudi Arabia recently told me about life for a Christian there. It’s a familiar story: hiding from the henchmen of an oppressive regime to worship in house churches, fearing arrest, torture, and worse.
There are approximately 1.5 million Christians in Saudi Arabia, most of them Asian and African migrant servants of the country’s opulent and often brutal ruling class. Abuse and exploitation are commonplace, rape and even murder go unpunished, and some servants disappear without a trace. Raids on house churches include the arrest of women and children. The governments of migrants’ home countries, such as the Philippines, are too weak to be effective advocates for their citizens. Western governments, compromised by a dependence on the Saudi regime’s oil and its sometimes-overstated ability to keep the Middle East stable, tacitly excuse the regime’s appalling human-rights record. Even most Christian leaders in the West are silent.
The mistreated Christian servants of the Gulf states came to mind amid reports that the U.S. is threatening to abstain from membership in the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) following the publication of a U.N. Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) report claiming that Israel is guilty of “apartheid.” Under pressure from U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley, U.N. secretary general António Guterres came out against the report, leading the Jordanian diplomat who originally published it to remove it from the U.N.’s website and subsequently resign her post in protest. A story at the time of the original report’s removal suggested that the ESCWA planned to publish another report likening post-1967 Israel to the antebellum American South.
The whole affair is rather absurd. Living conditions in the “apartheid” state of Israel would seem like heaven to the Christians of Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states, where actual apartheid might constitute human-rights progress. Saudi Arabia is a member state of the UNHRC, as are Cuba, Iraq, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, and Venezuela — all repressive regimes that refuse to recognize Israel’s right to exist. China and Egypt are also members. Russia lost its seat last year. Only the presence of Iran and North Korea would provide further moral clarity.
It should go without saying that in addition to their abysmal human-rights records, many of these countries have for decades actively or tacitly pursued campaigns of hostility and even violent extremism against America and Israel. The PLO, al-Qaeda, Hezbollah, Hamas, and hosts of other terrorist and extremist organizations could never have sustained operations without active and tacit support for decades from oil-rich states across the Middle East. Most terrorist organizations receive funding through a highly intricate global support network, a mix of shell charities and black-market enterprises that can often be traced back to individuals or organizations in countries that sit on the UNHCR.
Palestinians have always been a political prop for oppressive Middle East regimes, a means by which to direct the hatred of citizens at enemies abroad, thereby consolidating power at home. Westerners have been among the last to catch on to the con. A Palestinian-American, discussing Saudi Arabia, told me last year, “I hope they choke on that oil.” His grievance is legitimate: If but a fraction of the resources committed to the destruction of Israel — almost all from the Persian Gulf — over the decades had been used instead to build a Palestinian state, there would have been peace long ago. In the moments when it cried out for a Gandhi, a Solzhenitsyn, or a John Hume, the Middle East instead got Arafat, Abbas, and Hassan Nasrallah.
Dalia Hatuqa and Gregg Carlstrom, writing in Foreign Affairs, recently captured Palestinian frustration with Hamas’s inability to govern Gaza. “I swear, I don’t care anymore if the Jews control Gaza. I just want to live,” one Palestinian man told them. And yet states such as Qatar and Turkey, putative U.S. allies, continue to support Hamas.
The Obama administration had a policy of engagement with the oppressive members of the UNHRC. It is difficult to see how American interests and values, or those of authentic U.S. allies, were advanced by such an approach. The Trump administration appears to be contemplating the reversal of this policy, and larger changes to the way America engages with the U.N. as a whole.
At a minimum, the U.S.’s continued involvement with the UNHRC should be conditioned on a demand that all member states comply fully with the U.N.’s Universal Declaration on Human Rights, including Article 18, which holds that “Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.” Member states should also make a commitment to end support for violent extremism, to bring the sponsors and supporters of extremism within their borders to justice under the law, and to cooperate with the U.S. and its allies in the global fight against violent extremism. Lastly, to ensure that this terrible history is not repeated, member states should prohibit state-funded textbooks that deny recognized genocides and related crimes, or countenance terrorism as a means of pursuing justice.
That the UNHRC is filled with so many despicable actors is no accident. It is part of a campaign to undermine the advancement of human rights by dragging the institutions of the international system into disrepute. If this farce were neatly confined to Manhattan — where U.N. diplomats live in comfort, partly on the American taxpayer’s dime — and if there were nothing real at stake, it would be merely another example of extravagant U.N. waste and corruption. But there is something of paramount importance at stake, as the Filipino, Indian, and African Christians who gather secretly in house churches across the Arab Gulf states each Sunday know.
The days of oppressive regimes playing moral jujitsu at the U.N., and of barbaric actors using the moral weight of the broader array of global institutions against the civilized, should be brought to an end.
— Andrew Doran writes about U.S. foreign policy and human rights in the Middle East. He is a senior adviser to In Defense of Christians.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On Thursday, Jason Riley, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and a columnist for the Wall Street Journal, delivered the BB&T Distinguished Lecture at Virginia Tech University. His lecture, which centered on the problem of campus intolerance and came after he surmounted a disinvitation from Virginia Tech last year, should have been a triumph for free speech. Instead, Virginia Tech staged a public put-down of Riley. The university seized the occasion to insist again that Riley had never been invited in the first place, and it managed to forget to inform VT students that he was speaking.
First, a quick refresher. Riley was supposed to give Virginia Tech’s BB&T Distinguished Lecture last year. But, as Peter Wood and I recounted, the professor who invited Riley promptly disinvited him under pressure from the administration, which feared protests, because Riley writes as a black conservative critic of the Left. Eventually the university reversed course, but only under massive media coverage and a deluge of e-mails and calls from angry donors and alumni. And the university did so in the strained fashion of insisting, after three days of contradictory and confusing public statements, that its original invitation was never official and that it would issue Riley a new invitation — not a re-invitation.
That story plainly belied the fact that Riley had kept and publicly released his original, clearly worded invitation e-mail. Yet even at Thursday’s event, Virginia Tech insisted on having the last word. After Riley’s talk and the Q&A were over, Vijay Singal, head of the finance department, which hosts the BB&T Distinguished Lecture, stood to read a prepared statement recounting Virginia Tech’s side of the story. He claimed that “the moment we were made aware” that Riley had received an e-mail that sounded very much like an invitation, the university decided to officially “confirm” the invitation.
The spat over whether Riley did or did not receive a formal invitation last year is important because it shows Virginia Tech’s disposition toward free speech. The university was so reluctant to host a black conservative speaker that, on the most charitable interpretation, it mangled his invitation or, at worst, disinvited him. It was more concerned about its public image than about intellectual freedom, and eventually honored its invitation to Riley out of fear for its image and fundraising, not from principles of respect for its promises or for intellectual freedom. And rather than give Riley the space to start a conversation about the Left’s disregard for black conservatives and its growing disrespect for intellectual freedom, Singal hijacked Riley’s talk to redirect attention back toward the university’s story about the confusing way in which Riley eventually came to speak at Virginia Tech.
Singal’s overshadowing of Riley’s talk was not all the university did to closet Riley’s address. It left the event off the school calendar and, according to attendees present at the talk, marketed the event to alumni (whose respect and donations the university needed to regain) rather than to students. Riley estimated that of an audience of about 125, only three or four were students. Virginia Tech avoided the protest it feared Riley might spark, but it did so by keeping him out of the way, not by preparing its students to face ideas they didn’t like. In an interview, Riley said, “I think that this went down in a way that the university could say, ‘We’re not closed-minded or opposed to diverse viewpoints,’ while still shielding students from those diverse points of view.”
Contrary to what Virginia Tech may think, the substance of Riley’s talk is worth hearing. Here are a few highlights, drawn from notes published in the Roanoke Times and confirmed in conversation with Riley.
Riley argued that colleges and universities should avoid inculcating political views in their students and should instead welcome a plethora of arguments. He regretted that in college today, students learn to “silence people they disagree with, instead of debating them, especially on matters of race.”
He called out the problem of old-school leftists, once the defenders of free speech, abandoning respect for a diversity of views. “The people who led the free-speech movement 50, 60 years ago are now in control of the campuses, and they’ve decided that this movement was just about their own free speech.” And “the people who were burning down Berkeley 60 years ago for free speech are now throwing their hands up as the kids are burning it down to silence speech. It’s all been turned upside down.”
Riley also noted that the leftward bias in academia hurts students — and acknowledged that the solution is not to establish political quotas but to develop an ethos of respect.
In other words, Jason Riley’s lecture was exactly what students need to hear today. It’s a shame that so few did.
— Rachelle Peterson is director of research at the National Association of Scholars and a co-author of Sustainability: Higher Education’s New Fundamentalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Some of the things the Republican leadership in Congress has to do are hard to get done by their very nature, and serious citizens understand that. Health-care reform is one obvious example. Immigration reform is another. But there are other things that Washington makes hard for itself — and absurdly expensive for the taxpayer — because relatively simple things are made hopelessly convoluted by stupidity, stubbornness, bad arguments, clientitis, attention deficits, and a shortage of leadership. One such thing is the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial. That noble idea has become an overpriced and ugly mess that threatens to further deface the National Mall, waste a lot of money, satisfy the ego of a celebrity architect who has compared President Trump to Hitler, and do scant honor to the memory of the victor of D-Day and the 34th president of the United States.
If the Republican congressional leadership wants to demonstrate that it can achieve something worthwhile, let it cut this Gordian knot, now.
Congress created the Eisenhower Memorial Commission 18 years ago, to oversee the creation of a memorial to President Eisenhower. Since then, the commission, while failing to raise a memorial to Ike, has wasted tens of millions of dollars and made itself into a monument of sorts: a case study in how not to get things done efficiently and in a way that enhances our national public life.
The commission, through the General Services Administration’s Public Buildings Service (which had little experience in such matters), conducted a deeply flawed and opaque competition for a memorial designer that from the beginning seemed biased in favor of hyper-modernist architect Frank Gehry, a longtime friend of the Commission chairman. After winning the competition (to which no one was required to submit actual plans), Gehry, who has thus far made more than $16 million out of the Eisenhower Memorial project, proposed a design featuring gargantuan metal scrims, which seemed more appropriate to Tiananmen Square than the Mall, and a statue of a boyish Ike gazing wistfully into the future. That design was ridiculed from sea to shining sea, leading one commentator in the not notably anti-modernist New Yorker to observe that “in true bipartisan spirit, almost everyone hates it,” while an oversight investigation by the House Natural Resources Committee called the entire project a “five-star folly” in which the GSA violated its own competition rules.
Gehry has subsequently tweaked his design, which now calls for a scrim, or metal “tapestry,” depicting the Normandy beaches at which Eisenhower launched what he termed a “great crusade”; no one has yet to ascertain why the proposed “tapestry” will conjure up D-Day rather than, say, the Outer Banks. The Gehry redesign retains, however, two gigantic and wholly unnecessary limestone pillars from the original proposal, and substitutes a kitschy statue of a teenage Ike for the previous boy: an orangutan-like figure, all arms and legs, who gazes dreamily toward statuary recollections of Eisenhower as Overlord commander and president. In sum, Gehry 2.0 is a dog’s breakfast taking up a vast amount of space in marked contrast to what Ike’s son, retired general John S. D. Eisenhower, said he preferred as more befitting his father’s identity and legacy: “an Eisenhower Square that is an open green space with a simple statue in the middle, and quotations from his most important sayings.” But John Eisenhower died in 2013, and Ike’s granddaughter Susan has switched sides, saying that the family approves the Gehry redesign.
But while the family has been used as a kind of trump card in this ongoing argument, its views are surely not determinative. Nor does the claim that the Eisenhower Memorial must be built immediately, because World War II veterans are still alive, make much sense. Were signers of the Declaration of Independence alive when the Jefferson Memorial was built? And what about the National World War II Memorial, which already exists, right in the middle of the Mall? The appeal to veterans’ sensibilities is another emotional gambit in a political game that has been far too often characterized by heat rather than light, and in any case mistakes the nature of civic memorials, which are intended to instruct and inspire future generations.
This nonsense has gone on long enough. The Republican leadership of the House and Senate should get engaged with the issue and resolve it. The first order of business is for Congress to refuse the waiver that will permit the Eisenhower Memorial Commission to break ground before the Memorial is fully funded.
Next, the commission should be reconstituted. A new commission would perhaps be best chaired by Bruce Cole, a former chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities (and, full disclosure, my EPPC colleague). If selected, Cole, a current member of the commission and longtime critic of the Gehry designs who has scholarly expertise in the field of civic memorials, should be charged with leading an open and transparent competition aimed at soliciting designs that could be built at modest expense — not the $150 million the Gehry redesign would require, for which private funding has not been forthcoming, leaving the federal government to foot the entire bill. (It would be interesting to see current Republican proponents of building Gehry 2.0 explain such a large appropriation to their constituents, especially if those constituents understand that the National World War I Memorial now being built sought designs that could be built for $20–25 million).
And if the congressional leadership declines to get something eminently doable done, by stopping Gehry 2.0 once and for all and reconstituting the Eisenhower Commission so that it will produce an appropriate memorial, then it will be up to the White House, through the Interior Department and its authority to withhold construction permits, to step in and end this farce.
But it ought not come to that. This is a no-brainer. A Republican congressional leadership that badly needs a win demonstrating that things really have changed in Washington should see an opportunity for just that, right here.
— George Weigel is Distinguished Senior Fellow of the Ethics and Public Policy Center, where he holds the William E. Simon Chair in Catholic Studies.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
British prime minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on Wednesday, beginning the two-year process in which the U.K. must negotiate an agreement for its withdrawal from the European Union. During this process, the U.K. government must decide the most efficient way to keep, repeal, or amend the thousands of EU regulations on the books.
One day after May triggered Article 50, the U.K. announced its intent to repeal the European Communities Act of 1972, which grants supremacy to EU law over U.K. law, and introduce a Great Repeal Bill that will incorporate EU law into U.K. law. Having imported the whole kit and caboodle, the British Parliament will begin the arduous task of scrapping any statutes it considers superfluous.
Iain Murray, co-author of “Cutting the Gordian Knot” and the vice president for strategy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI), argues that the “Great Repeal Bill will begin what may prove to be the greatest deregulatory endeavor undertaken by any modern government.” But that deregulatory effort will be successful only if Parliament chooses to cut these overbearing regulations; otherwise, these same laws will simply be enforced by legislators in Westminster rather than EU bureaucrats in Brussels.
Here, the “how?” is as important as the “what?” Asking Parliament to vote to keep, repeal, or amend each law separately would be impractical and could take years. In practice, such an approach would likely lead to few laws’ being repealed. In consequence, Murray and his colleague Rory Broomfield argue that the British government should establish a Royal Commission on Regulatory Reduction and assign it the daunting job of deregulation. The committee would be chaired by a current or former justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, and members would represent both the governing and opposition parties.
The commission “would essentially depoliticize the process of regulatory reduction,” Murray tells National Review. Each year, it would provide regulatory revisions to be voted on by Parliament — and, to keep the process efficient, members of Parliament would be prohibited from amending the commission’s proposal.
If such a commission is formed — and if, as Murray hopes, it ends up successfully repealing a quarter of the regulations imported from the EU — the U.K. economy would save between £33 billion ($43 billion) and £140 billion ($182 billion) annually.
There is a lot of work to do before Britain reaches that point. The U.K. “won’t be able to cut the rules until they are formally out of the EU,” Murray says. Thus, as the U.K. moves toward a deal that restores sovereignty to the British people, U.K. leaders such as Theresa May must decide sooner rather than later how they expect Brexit will impact the economy, the environment, trade negotiations, and more.
It is possible that each area of regulation will require a different approach. In their report, Murray and Broomfield argue that some environmental rules — for example, the directive on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), “the most wide-ranging and restrictive in the world on chemical innovation and use” — ought to be repealed outright. Among other things, REACH places the burden of proof on chemical companies, not the government, to show that the products being used are safe — including products that have been in use for many years with no harmful effects.
On trade, by contrast, the U.K. should seek to engage in bilateral trade agreements or, if possible, form a bespoke global free-trade association with the world’s freest economies. “These [free] economies are by nature committed to free enterprise and free exchange of goods and services,” Murray and Broomfield said. The proposed free-trade association would require countries to have free-trade policies, protected property rights, and minimal business regulation. “Another option,” they explained, “would be for the U.K. simply to drop all tariff barriers and trade freely with the rest of the world.”
The U.K.’s leaders must consider a wide variety of issues in the coming months, and, as the Brexit debate intensifies, “there is going to have to be increased vigilance by Leave supporters,” Murray says. Leave may have won by a narrow majority on the day of the Brexit vote, but Remain supporters do not plan to remain silent. The U.K. is certainly leaving the EU, but if Remain supporters have it their way, there will be an “EU bureaucracy in Westminster instead of in Brussels.”
— Austin Yack is a William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Throughout its history, the United States Senate has experienced disgraceful filibusters (Strom Thurmond against the 1957 Civil Rights Act), entertaining filibusters (Huey Long in 1935 reciting a fried-oyster recipe) and symbolic filibusters (Rand Paul making a point about drone strikes in 2013). But the filibuster that Chuck Schumer is about to undertake against Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court is perhaps the institution’s dumbest. 
It won’t block Gorsuch, won’t establish any important jurisprudential principle, and won’t advance Democratic strategic goals — indeed the opposite. A Gorsuch filibuster would be an act of a sheer partisan pique against the wrong target, with the wrong method, at the wrong time.
The Democratic effort to portray Judge Gorsuch as out of the mainstream has fallen flat. He has the support of President Barack Obama’s former solicitor general Neal Katyal. He got the American Bar Association’s highest rating. He’s been endorsed by USA Today. He will receive the votes of at least three Democratic senators. Some radical.
From the moment of his announcement by President Donald Trump to the very last question at his confirmation hearings, Gorsuch has been an exemplary performer, whose deep knowledge has been matched by his winning temperament. The attack on him as an enemy of the little man is based on a few decisions where he clearly followed the law, even though it resulted in an unsympathetic outcome.
Much has been made of a case involving a driver for TransAm Trucking who had pulled over on the side of the road in freezing temperatures and, fearing for his safety, drove off in defiance of a direct order of a supervisor. Days later, he was fired. Alphonse Maddin claimed that the company had violated a whistleblower protection under federal law. In a dissent from the decision of the Tenth Circuit, Gorsuch carefully argued that the statute’s protections didn’t apply to the trucker, although he stipulated that “it might be fair to ask whether TransAm’s decision was a wise or kind one.” 
If Schumer upholds the filibuster against Gorsuch — and it looks like he has the votes — Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell will almost certainly exercise the so-called nuclear option eliminating the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations. Schumer portrays this as an act of procedural vandalism against the Senate, although he has no standing as vindicator of Senate tradition. 
First, a partisan filibuster against a Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented (Lyndon Johnson’s nominee for chief justice, Abe Fortas, was successfully filibustered by a bipartisan coalition). Second, Democrats already nuked the filibuster for other nominations besides the Supreme Court back in 2013, with Chuck Schumer’s support at the time. Finally, Democrats talked openly about how they’d use the nuclear option if Republicans filibustered a Supreme Court nomination from a prospective President Hillary Clinton.
In short, Democrats are departing from the Senate’s longtime practices and excoriating the GOP for responding with a tactic that Democrats themselves pioneered. Process questions are always a festival for partisan hypocrisy. This is still a bit much. Regardless, Ed Whelan of the Ethics and Public Policy Center notes that there isn’t much of a rationale for keeping the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees if it has already been eliminated for all other nominations.
Putting all this aside, a Gorsuch filibuster doesn’t even serve Schumer’s narrow interests, besides placating the left-wing #resistance to Trump that is demanding it. It would be shrewder for Schumer to keep his options open for a future nominee. If there’s another vacancy, perhaps Trump will nominate a lemon, or the Republicans won’t be so united, or the higher stakes of a conservative nominee replacing a liberal justice will create a different political environment. In these circumstances, it’s possible to imagine Democrats filibustering and Republicans not managing to stick together to exercise the nuclear option.
Maybe, but now we may never know. Because Chuck Schumer is about to make Senate history — for astonishing shortsightedness.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The New York Times spent the weekend in a hysterical frenzy over the financial-disclosure forms of key Trump advisers, despite the fact that the disclosures provided virtually no information we did not already know. Politico and the Washington Post joined the Times in completely missing the only pertinent point of the story: To a man (and woman), every rich Trump-administration official made their money before entering politics, not after and as a result of it.
There have been countless attempts to cast doubt on the sincerity of President Trump’s promise to “drain the swamp,” all of which seem to require a misapprehension of the phrase’s meaning: The American people are fed up with the conflicted cronies who have exploited them and betrayed their trust; not with those who started and sold businesses, invested capital well, or innovated in the private sector. The justifiable anxiety and cynicism the population has is with politically obtained wealth, not with those who made their money in the private sector before entering public service for a fraction of the pay. Rex Tillerson built a $239 million net worth at ExxonMobil before leaving to take a $203,000 annual salary as secretary of state. Harry Reid, meanwhile, entered legislative life with a net worth of maybe $1 million and is now worth north of $10 million, despite never earning more than $193,000 in annual salary as a senator. Hillary Clinton herself infamously claimed that she and her husband “left the White House broke,” and they spent the next 15 years amassing a net worth well north of $100 million on the strength of their political clout.
None of this is to suggest that Reid, the Clintons, and other leftist stars are the only poster children for monetization of one’s political life. Republican Trent Lott left the Senate in 2007 with a net worth of about $1 million and immediately parlayed his relatively unimpressive political career into a large seven-figure-per-year lobbying career. Newt Gingrich drew laughs and snickers in 2012 when he claimed that his lucrative consulting agreement with Freddie Mac was for “his work as a historian.” Powerful people such as Reid, Clinton, Lott, and Gingrich leave office with impressive rolodexes and the influence needed to capitalize on them. They don’t even bother pretending that their marketability is based on some unique skillset they possessed before entering politics; they sell themselves as influence peddlers, plain and simple. They have done great damage to the public trust, and that damage must be undone and prevented in the future.
Why, then, do the media portray those successful financiers and business executives entering government in the twilight years of their working lives as worse than those who enriched themselves through politics? Since the mere accumulation of wealth is no sin in American society, let alone a crime, why would anyone care that the executives, financiers, and lawyers surrounding Donald Trump are wealthy and accomplished? There are plenty of legitimate reasons to criticize Trump’s staffing choices, but it strains credibility to suggest that even the most controversial among them are “in it for the money.”
The media, knowing this, have apparently decided to let the mere announcement of Team Trump’s wealth stand on its own as an implied rebuke to the White House. They are wrong to do so. The economic success one has in private-sector life should be worn as a badge of honor in a country that values prosperity and growth. If we want to raise the volume on politically toxic wealth, we have to start with the broken system that makes gazillionaires of former politicians — and there are none of those in this administration.
— David L. Bahnsen is a trustee of the National Review Institute and the founder and chief investment officer of the Bahnsen Group, a wealth-management firm in Newport Beach, Calif.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The Senate voted last week to overturn a Department of Health and Human Services rule regarding state disbursement of Title X funding. In addition to providing a much-needed restoration of federalism, the vote served as the latest example of the 115th Congress’s willingness to use a little-known provision, — the Congressional Review Act (CRA), — to undo overreaching regulations enacted by the Obama administration.
Early in this session, congressional Republicans announced their intention to use the CRA to reverse a number of Obama-era regulations that had been in place since the middle of last year. The CRA grants Congress the authority to disapprove of any executive-branch regulation that affects a third -party, if a simple majority in each chamber passes a resolution within 60 days of the rule’s enactment. It was passed in 1996, but Congress has rarely used it since. In fact, prior to this year, it had only been used successfully only once time: when President George W. Bush signed a bill rejecting an OSHA regulation left over from the Clinton administration. (Congress passed five resolutions of disapproval using the CRA under Obama, all of which he vetoed.)
So far this year, though, Congress has sent bills to President Trump’s desk bills that would undo several regulations enacted in the final months of Obama’s second term. Lawmakers have, for example, abolished a regulation requiring the Social Security Administration to identify individuals whose Second Amendment rights should be restricted, as well as the “resource extraction” rule, imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, that conservatives viewed as federal overreach.
Because the CRA has been exercised so infrequently up to this point, there is some disagreement over its interpretation. For instance, the CRA’s text states that federal agencies can’t reissue rules that take “substantially the same form” as rules that Congress has killed. This somewhat ambiguous wording might be difficult to apply if an agency were to refile a regulation it claimed had been altered enough from the original version that Congress overruled.
The purpose of the CRA, too — its conception as a way of reversing overreach rather than enacting new policy — leaves room for distortions of Congress’s intent in rejecting a regulation. After last week’s Senate vote overturning the Obama-administration rule that effectively required states to direct Title X funding to abortion providers, for example, progressives and mainstream media outlets alike were quick to accuse the GOP Congress of “blocking” or even “cutting” funding to Planned Parenthood.
In reality, Congress’s use of the CRA in this instance was not an affirmative action to defund Planned Parenthood or any other abortion provider, but rather a return to the status quo of federalism, in which states have the power to control their own public-health budgets. Similarly, the other resolutions passed by Congress under the CRA since February have served to limit executive-branch power, not to institute new policy on any given issue.
Congress’s newfound desire to utilize the CRA is a victory both for state power and the rights of citizens. Though Congress could surely pass resolutions under this bill undoing federal regulations that conservatives favor, the bill itself is inherently conservative in principle. It allocates authority to the legislative branch in accordance with the Constitution, permitting the representatives of the people to check the power of unelected bureaucrats who all too often impose their will through undemocratic regulation, subverting the electorate’s will and tearing at the fabric of our republic.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism at the National Review Institute.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
You have to hand it to Chuck Schumer — he was dealt a brutal hand, but the man is putting on, if not a master class, a graduate-level seminar in misdirection and obfuscation. In the blink of a November eye, the New York Democrat went from majority leader in waiting to de facto leader of The Resistance on Capitol Hill, the only man standing between Republicans and a full complement on the Supreme Court.
First, Schumer sought to undermine the legitimacy of the nomination, in what amounts to a cheeky nod to last year’s Republican blockade. The dark cloud of Russian meddling hangs over this president, you see, so it just wouldn’t be prudent to confirm his pick until we get answers.
Like the GOP maneuver it echoes, it is a superficially plausible rationale with a certain internal logic, but ultimately a fig leaf meant to conceal a utilitarian political play. How do we know this? Thanks to the parallel case, which is recommending a filibuster of Gorsuch on the the grounds that this is an ill-gotten seat: The vacancy occurred under President Obama’s watch, he tapped a judge with unimpeachable credentials, the GOP Senate abdicated its constitutional obligation, and this is therefore Merrick Garland’s seat. So would they block Garland if Trump had nominated him? It can’t be both.
And, indeed, the third and final angle suggests that they would block Gorsuch — namely, he should not be confirmed because he is outside the “mainstream,” favors corporations over ordinary Americans, and adheres to a callous form of textualism that leaves no room for nuance or compassion for working people.
Neither party has a monopoly on bad faith, but the advantage of McConnell’s gambit was its simplicity. The election-year-vacancy rule, however contrived, lent itself to relentless message discipline. Republicans took great care not to indulge a debate on the process of the nomination, much less the merits of the nominee. It’s here where Schumer’s approach fails: Democrats are lodging an ideological complaint, wrapped in an appeal to principle, inside a procedural red herring.
Schumer’s muddled pretext has flushed his members down an agonizing logical cul de sac. Take Claire McCaskill, emerging from a self-proclaimed “vortex” to announce that she would join a filibuster, despite being up for reelection in 2018 in a state that went for Donald Trump by 19 points less than six months ago. Consider the tortured lede of her piece at Medium.com:
While you wouldn’t know it from Schumer’s dodgy rhetoric, or from McCaskill’s em-dash aside, these outcomes are not mutually exclusive. Indeed, it is precisely Senator McCaskill’s opposition on the procedural vote that will probably precipitate the rule change she professes to fear.
In a neat bit of sophistry, Schumer has injected into the narrative bloodstream the ahistorical notion of a 60-vote threshold for nominees to the high court. Not only is this clearly false, it conflates the confirmation vote itself with the procedural hurdle to “end debate” and proceed to consideration. There is no 60-vote requirement for Supreme Court nominees, formal or otherwise, and it is exceedingly rare for a vote on a nominee to be preceded by a vote on procedure. Traditionally the decorum of the Senate dictates that members grant “unanimous consent” to limit debate, thereby waiving their right to object and allowing a given matter to receive an up or down vote.
In fact, of the 29 Supreme Court nominations considered by the Senate since the advent of the modern filibuster, only three have faced a roll-call vote for purposes of invoking cloture: Abe Fortas, who was already on the bench, but whose elevation to chief justice was rejected on a bipartisan basis; William Rehnquist, who successfully ran the cloture-vote gauntlet first as a would-be associate justice and later to be chief; and Samuel Alito, the first nominee to face scrutiny in a nuclear environment, as the judicial filibuster had nearly been eliminated months earlier, spared only by a bipartisan “gang” of institutionalists.
Clarence Thomas, whose infamously bilious hearings culminated in the narrowest confirmation margin in history, avoided a procedural blockade. Even Robert Bork wasn’t “borked” on cloture.
But this is all academic, right? The staggered thresholds are such that voting to end debate is tantamount to supporting the nominee.
Actually, no — while the sample size is minuscule, both instances of successfully invoked cloture resulted in different vote counts on final passage. In Rehnquist’s case, two liberal Republicans who voted to end debate ultimately voted against his ascension to be chief justice. Alito’s nomination earned the support of three Senate Democrats, a figure Gorsuch may well eclipse. But no fewer than 16 others crossed over on cloture, acknowledging the judge’s qualifications without endorsing his judicial philosophy.
A decade (and several wave elections) later, most of those 16 Democrats are long gone. But a handful remain: Tom Carper of Delaware, Maria Cantwell of Washington, and Bill Nelson of Florida. All voted to give Alito an up or down vote on principle despite opposing his confirmation. Each has already pledged to deny Gorsuch that same courtesy.
So barring a last-minute cave by purple-state Democrats or an unlikely deal freelanced by a GOP rump, the filibuster for Supreme Court nominations will be a thing of the past. Democrats will gratify their base with a pyrrhic show of force. But one way or another, Gorsuch will sit on the Court, and he’ll be approved on a bipartisan basis. The only question is whether this futile tantrum marks the culmination of Senate dysfunction or the beginning of a new era.
— Liam Donovan is a former GOP staffer who works in government relations in Washington, D.C.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Trudging around the ruined Church of St. Addai, in the empty Christian town of Karemlash, I saw clearly where radical Islamic extremism leads. This was only days before the attack on Westminster in London on March 22. With broken glass underfoot and the walls of the Church blackened after ISIS firebombed it, perhaps the most powerful symbol I came across in Karemlash was the defaced Cross. Everywhere, in all the churches and monasteries I visited, the Cross was defaced, scratched out, broken, or pierced with bullet holes.
ISIS had spray-painted the message “the Cross will be broken” on the walls of the rectory, and the pastor’s office door was booby-trapped, to kill him when he returned. As I walked around the Christian cemetery, it was clear to me that the followers of the Prophet had dug up the Christian graves. In one instance, I was told, they had beheaded one of the corpses. In the sacristy of the church, they had dug up the grave of one of the priests and thrown his body away. Even in death, the persecuted Christians of Iraq were not safe.
Surveying the horror and the eerily silent town, punctuated only by the distant thump of explosions in Mosul, nine miles away, I asked Father Thabet, the Chaldean Catholic priest who serves as pastor of St. Addai, whether all this destruction represented real Islam. “Yes,” he answered strongly, without a moment’s hesitation. “You wouldn’t be allowed to say that it the West,” I said smiling. He didn’t smile back.
Karemlash, a town of nearly 10,000 people, had been almost 100 percent Christian for centuries. The Iraqi Christian Church, both Catholic and Orthodox, traces its roots back to disciples of Jesus, sent out under the direction of the Apostles. For ill-educated Westerners, who imagine missionaries brought the Christian faith to the Middle East sometime last century, it can come as a bit of a shock to discover that the very opposite is the case. During the awful days of August 2014, as the Islamic State surged across the Nineveh Plain, the ancient Christian heartland of Iraq, the citizens of Karemlash fled, with only the clothes they were wearing.
Now, nearly three years later, the towns are “liberated,” but the houses that were not blown up are burned out and filled with booby traps. A few citizens have been returning, briefly, to check the condition of their houses — very few at the moment, as it is necessary to negotiate multiple checkpoints manned by local militias as well as by the Iraqi army and Kurdish peshmerga. Unfortunately, some of these people are likely to be killed or maimed, because so far no one has removed the multiple booby traps. ISIS has been wickedly ingenious, putting devices even in television remote controls and vacuum cleaners.
On British TV, commenting on the awful events at Westminster Bridge and Parliament, a pundit described the impossibility of understanding “what drives a British born criminal to commit these acts.” The security services, he continued, were also struggling to come to terms with the motivation. The killer, Khalid Masood, was of course not a Quaker or a Christian Scientist. He was a convert to Islam. Religious conversion will never be understood by secularists. Religious faith is incomprehensible to them.
Running for president in 2008, Barack Obama said of Middle Americans — the “flyover nation,” as they are derisively known — that they “cling to guns or religion.” In that remark, he famously betrayed an attitude toward religious faith, particularly Christian faith, that is characteristic of the secular mindset that controls the media and the corridors of power in Europe and, increasingly, in the United States.
What drives a former criminal to commit acts of murder and destruction is exactly what drove Islamic militants to wreak the destruction that I witnessed in Iraq — it was my fourth visit there — and that continues to drive them all over the world. It is not, as we are relentlessly told by the experts, an “ideology” that must be “combated.” It is commitment to the faith of Islam, albeit a particular form of the faith.
Khalid Masood was a convert to Islam. At its Latin root, the word “convert” implies — as it does for converts to all faiths, including Christianity — a “turning about.” Introduced to a radical, but authentic, version of Islam in the dangerously unsupervised atmosphere of prison, the convert becomes a different person, obviously. How else could the conversion be real? Prison has been the incubator for Islamist terrorists across Europe.
Many secularists can’t understand — and can’t stand — Christianity but seem to have a bit of a soft spot for the “religion of peace.” The inability to comprehend the phenomenon of conversion and the power of religious faith leads them to imagine that radical Islamic extremism can be treated as other terrorist groups have been dealt with in the past.
The IRA (Irish Republican Army), the ETA (Euskadi Ta Askatasuna), and the ANC (African National Congress), for example, had territorial, nationalistic, or other specific aims. Even though governments always deny it, they negotiate with terrorist groups. That is not news to anyone. But there is no negotiating with the fire of a faith that has as a central tenet the necessity to convert the world, by the sword if necessary.
Moderate Muslim leaders must have the courage to speak out against this singular expression of the faith of Islam. Prisons must cease to be training grounds and finishing schools for radicalism, even if that means restricting and monitoring services and sermons.
As I left Iraq, an elderly priest, himself a refugee, gripped my hand and said in Arabic: “Be careful, be very careful. What has happened here will come to you.” Violence and intimidation is inimical to Christianity, despite the Crusades, the last resort of a secularist who has lost the argument. But it’s worth asking whether more conviction from Christian leaders that our faith is actually true might go some way toward converting hearts to the true religion of peace.
— Father Benedict Kiely, a Catholic priest, is the founder of Nasarean.org, which helps persecuted Christians in the Middle East.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
Wisconsin is well known as the Dairy State, and — as demonstrated by Green Bay Packer fans wearing foam-cheese wedges as hats — its citizens are justly proud of that moniker. But when government takes a good thing like dairy prowess and tries to make it mandatory, the result is not pretty. Recently the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty sued the state of Wisconsin to win “butter freedom” for the state’s consumers and retailers.
At issue is the freedom of Wisconsin retailers and consumers to sell and purchase butters that do not include a butter grade as determined by a licensed butter taste tester. The grade has nothing to do with the health and safety or even nutritional value of the butter. It is nothing but a compulsory government “taste test.” Unless a butter is submitted to the taste testers and labeled with the result, retailers can’t sell it in the state.
Apart from the obnoxious notion that Wisconsin consumers must be told by the government whether a food “tastes good,” the law has prevented Wisconsin grocers from selling certain butters — most notably those produced internationally that cannot be readily graded. The most prominent example is the popular Kerrygold butter, made in Ireland. Kerrygold claims to produce a “silky and creamy” butter with a “healthy, golden yellow” glow.
One might think that Wisconsin consumers and retailers are more than capable of deciding how “silky” and “golden yellow” Kerrygold butter really is. But they won’t get a chance unless a bureaucrat gets to try it first and stamp his opinion on the package. As a result, our clients and other Wisconsinites have been forced to travel to other states — often to Illinois — on “Kerrygold runs” in search of the creamy contraband. This isn’t new to Wisconsin. In the mid 20th century, its citizens made “oleo” runs to Illinois because state law prohibited the sale of margarine colored yellow.
Our lawsuit — aided by the preternatural silliness of the law and the fact that it was announced on St. Patrick’s Day — has resulted in a significant amount of attention and generated a bit of fun. We’re happy go along and acknowledge that butter freedom may not be the most pressing civil-rights issue of our time. But economic liberty is. When the state erects artificial barriers to the entry of goods and services, businesses and consumers bear the ultimate burden. In the most extreme examples, individuals are prevented from earning a living, and consumers are prohibited from obtaining the most competitive prices for goods and services.
We acknowledge that the state must have room to enact economic regulations. But when the government restricts the freedom to engage in otherwise lawful businesses or transactions — particularly when it compels the communication of a message such as the result of a government taste test — there must be some meaningful justification for doing so. In addition, that justification cannot be protection of local or otherwise preferred businesses. Our freedoms to work as we wish and to purchase what we want ought not to be completely at the mercy of the government and the special interests that often control it.
We have all the confidence in the world that Wisconsin’s butter producers can compete with the likes of Kerrygold. But the government should not place its thumb — or boot — on the scale. It ought to allow Wisconsin’s citizens to decide — and let them eat butter.
— Rick Esenberg is the president and general counsel of the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty. Jake Curtis is an associate counsel at the Institute’s Center for Competitive Federalism.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Talk to many conservatives, and they’ll tell you that this is the way you ought to respond to Donald Trump: Praise him for the good things he does; criticize him for the bad things he does. So, a conservative’s scorecard might go something like this:
Carrier deal, bad. Gorsuch nomination, good (indeed, great). A trillion dollars in federal spending on infrastructure, bad. Approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, good. And so on.
And yet I don’t think a scorecard captures the effect of a president — the effect of a president on the country for good or ill. A president affects America in all sorts of ways.
In 2012, many on the right were furious at Mitt Romney, the GOP presidential nominee, for being polite. Too polite. Gentlemanly to a fault. I was among those who wished he would take a more aggressive approach to President Obama.
I often incline to the aggressive, I think. I believe Lionel Tiger (the famed anthropologist whose name has always seemed amazingly appropriate) would understand me.
In 2016, a lot of people on the right wanted the dead-opposite of Romney — and, boy, did they get him. Romney was a religious, monogamous man who had devoted his life to charitable works, American enterprise, and Republican politics. Trump was … something else.
“I moved on her, actually. You know, she was down in Palm Beach. I moved on her, and I failed. I’ll admit it. I did try and f*** her. She was married. … I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married.”
One of the most recent two nominees said that. It wasn’t Romney. And it wasn’t Romney who won, either.
“I can’t be doing so badly because I’m president and you’re not,” said Trump to a reporter. A President Romney probably wouldn’t say that, or need to say that. But then, he came up short, against an incumbent Obama in 2012.
Over the weekend, President Trump sent out a tweet, saying, “When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?”
Chuck Todd is a TV journalist who hosts Meet the Press. I don’t know whether he has sleepy eyes or not. I haven’t really noticed his eyes. But I did notice the president’s tweet — and I think that this sort of thing may be at least as important as the Carrier deal.
A president sets an example, for good or ill. There was a time when no conservative would have disputed this. That was B.T., or Before Trump. You try to teach your children not to do things such as call other people names, particularly when those names have to do with physical characteristics.
But what about when your 70-year-old president does it? Ho-hum?
A recent poll by CBS showed that a great majority of Republicans believe that Putin’s Russia did not interfere in our presidential election at all. That’s the Trump effect, or one of them.
When you say or write something factual about Trump and hear his supporters say back to you “Fake news” — that’s the Trump effect.
When conservatives go on television and defend the indefensible — because, in their minds, something like The Team demands it — that’s the Trump effect. It cannot be measured in Carrier deals and Gorsuch nominations (important as those things are).
One more thing: In my experience, Trump supporters take great offense when you say that their guy physically mocked a handicapped reporter during the campaign. The tape seems to me pretty clear. But it’s also true that Trump had done such mocking many times before.
“Standard retard,” Ann Coulter calls it. In her latest book, In Trump We Trust, she writes that the candidate was “doing a standard retard, waving his arms and sounding stupid.”
“That’s his move,” a friend of mine said to me not long ago. Trump always does this, said my friend, when he wants to ridicule someone. My friend is a very good, and moral, and conservative man. He thought that Trump was off the hook: because the candidate was just doing his move. His standard retard.
Okay — but, to be a broken record, that’s the Trump effect. Carrier deals come and go. But this sort of thing matters a lot, I think, and cannot be measured in a scorecard.
Many years ago, I heard from conservatives that character matters a lot in politics. It matters in a leader, and it matters in a president. The Left around me always denounced this as fuddy-duddy and “bourgeois.” Get with the program, baby, it’s 1982 (or whatever). Ozzie and Harriet don’t live here anymore.
In the ’90s, we conservatives said that President Clinton was “corroding the culture” and “defining deviancy down.” (We borrowed the latter phrase from Senator Moynihan, who was mainly an ally of Clinton’s, though he permitted himself a few heresies.)
In 2016, I was surprised to hear many people on the right dismiss objections to Trump and his character as “moral preening.” Indeed, I thought some of the dismissers had been preeners themselves, on occasion.
Anyway, I cling, as to guns and religion, to the belief that conservatives were right in the first place, as to the crucial importance of character. There’s a lot one might say against Meet the Press. But to call its host “Sleepy Eyes”? Come on.
Terrible news out of Mexico (which is unsurprising, sorry to say): A newspaper is closing — because journalists keep getting killed. You can’t blame the newspaper for closing. Murder is a much greater repercussion than … what? Mean tweets and the like.
Still, a country needs a free press. Some of my colleagues around the world are unbelievably brave. I don’t know what I’d do, in their shoes. Glad I don’t have to know.
Bad news out of Russia — millions of Russians are out. Of Russia. The headline reads, “Millions of Educated Russians Flee Putin’s Russia.” This is a really big problem for Russia — and good news for Putin and the continuation of his rule.
Those who object to this way of life — Putin’s way of life — are fed up and leave. (If possible.) That takes pressure off Putin. The same way a kettle blows off steam, so to speak. Opposition to Putin is relieved by emigration.
I was talking to a Russian democracy leader about this recently. (Vladimir Kara-Murza.) He said that Russians are all over the world: New York, Tel Aviv, elsewhere. This has a major effect back home. It can be demoralizing, to those seeking change (within Russia).
On virtually every block in New York, you can hear Russian spoken. What would you and I do if we were Russian? Get up and go, from our homeland? I’m glad I don’t have to find out …
… which is becoming a theme of this column.
Scott Lincicome, the trade expert, tweeted out an article: “How America made Scandinavian social democracy possible.” In a nutshell, ambitious, entrepreneurial, independent-minded Scandinavians got up and went — to America. This had an effect on the places they left.
Bill Kristol commented, “The American form of empire involved not so much conquering land as importing some of the most ambitious and enterprising of other peoples.” His father, Irving, wrote of this as well.
Several years ago, I was talking with Victor Davis Hanson about Greece — modern Greece, which was going through economic calamity. (I’m not sure things are much better now.) I remarked that Greeks were successful all over the world. They were model businessmen, as hard-working as any group.
Yes, VDH said — and, sadly, these Greeks are abroad.
Now and then, I travel in the Third World, and I meet people with obvious talent, obvious spark, obvious gifts — but they are stuck, from lack of opportunity. This is a depressing thing to see. It’s depressing to see anywhere, of course.
India is changing, as I understand it. It used to be, if you wanted to make something of yourself, you had to go abroad. You had to leave India. Increasingly, you can stay.
Which is good news for India, even if Indians have enriched societies all over (America not least).
You’ve heard of a gold rush? Yeah, but have you heard of a sapphire rush? I hadn’t. There is one going on in Madagascar. And it is wreaking environmental and other hell. A fascinating story.
Okay, some news out of Detroit — from Comerica Park, where my Detroit Tigers play. Southeastern Michigan holds the largest Arab population outside the Middle East (I believe). And, of course, there is standard American food, like nachos (!). So, at the ballpark this summer, they’re introducing … a chicken shawarma nacho.
Very American.
Everything about this Anne Applebaum column concerning Marine Le Pen and Vladimir Putin is interesting — but one thing, in particular, caught my eye: At a rally in Lille, Putin’s name was cheered.
Yeah? Yeah. Do they know what they’re cheering? I don’t know — but I do know that Le Pen could win the presidency. I wouldn’t bet the ranch on it. But then, I wouldn’t have bet the ranch on Trump either.
And what a bonanza that would have brought in!
Bless you, dear ones, and catch you soon.
 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
How many different ways are there to make a Domino’s pizza? The answer might interest you.
It might also interest the Food and Drug Administration — at least, it should.
The nation’s franchise restaurants are about one month away from the imposition of new nutritional-labeling rules dreamed up by the Obama administration, another gift of the grievously misnamed Affordable Care Act. For outlets of brands with 20 or more locations, that means posting signs in the shop with calorie counts for every item on the menu and for every variation on that item.
That’s probably not such a big deal if you are, say, Raising Cane’s, and your menu ranges from one chicken finger to 100 chicken fingers. It’s a little different if you are a pizza shop, because pizza has a lot of variables.
A lot.
“We did the math,” says Tim McIntyre, an executive at Domino’s and chairman of (not making this up) the American Pizza Community, a thing that exists. “With gluten-free crusts to thick to hand-tossed to pan pizza, multiple sizes, cheeses, toppings . . . there are about 34 million possible combinations.” He does a pretty good deadpan delivery: “That is difficult to put on a menu.”
That’s going to be a big sign.
Not that anybody is ever going to use it. The great majority of Domino’s orders are placed over the Internet and almost all the rest are placed by phone. The number of people who walk into a Domino’s outlet, look at a menu, and order a pizza is relatively small, representing only a few percentage points of Domino’s customers. Other pizza chains see roughly the same thing.
So the signs are going to be largely useless, but they’re also kind of expensive, “Useless + Expensive” being the classic federal regulatory equation. McIntyre estimates a price between $3,500 and $5,000 per location. That isn’t very much to a big corporation like Domino’s, but the Domino’s corporation doesn’t operate all those Domino’s shops: Those are franchises, run by independent owner-operators. The profit margins are low, and five grand is a lot to put on a business that might only be throwing off $40,000 or $50,000 in profit a year. Or less: Franchise chains are pretty tight-lipped about what their stores actually earn, but if we assume a 5 percent profit margin, typical of such restaurants, and an average sales volume of about $730,000, as reported in 2013 by the Motley Fool, then that’s only $36,500 per store, meaning that a $3,500–$5,000 sign could easily eat up a tenth of a year’s profit.
What’s especially dumb about all this is that the store signage is replicating information that is widely available on the Internet. Domino’s, in fact, has a nifty little feature that no one uses (“very limited,” McIntyre says, diplomatically) called the Cal-O-Meter, which totals up your order’s caloric hit as you go. If you happen to be in that very small subset of people who both are very interested in Friday night’s carb load and are determined to eat takeout pizza for dinner, there’s an app for that.
There are lots of them, in fact. There are dozens of different smartphone apps (and smartphones are emerging as the dominant tool for ordering food deliveries) that provide nutritional data far in excess of anything required by food-labeling rules. There are even apps that turn your phone into a bar-code scanner so that you can get up-to-date information on every can of baked beans during your Saturday-morning Kroger run. The real problem in these early days of the 21st century isn’t scarcity of information but overabundance of it.
Not that anybody cares, really. The sort of people who count calories and total up their daily carbs and protein and monounsaturated fats already moved beyond government-mandated food labels ages ago. As for everybody else: There is basically no evidence that food labeling actually results in consumers’ making healthier choices about their food. The belief that people who are given better information will make better choices is intuitively persuasive, but it does not stand up to empirical scrutiny. In fact, a study of McDonald’s customers found that those who were provided with supplemental information about recommended daily caloric intake ordered lunches with 50 calories more on average than those who were not advised of expert opinion.
Similar regulatory backfires have been observed in mandatory labeling for non-food items, especially cigarettes and alcohol.
Domino’s and other members of the American Pizza Community (seriously!) are asking for a delay of the rule’s implementation. What’s notable here is that they do not oppose the rule per se. They are all on board with disclosure. And, like most major industries, Big Pizza prefers one consistent federal regulation to a patchwork of sundry state and local rules, because it is cheaper and easier to comply with one rule than 598 of them. They have some complaints about how the rule is to be implemented, particularly about the fact that if a Domino’s franchise operator with 15 shops is competing with a regional chain that also has 15 shops, the rule applies to him but not to his competition simply because his sign says “Domino’s” on it.
But, mostly, they don’t want to see their franchisees forced to spend thousands of dollars per location to put up signage that is of no use to anybody.
“It’s a 20th-century approach to a 21st-century question,” McIntyre says.
But Uncle Stupid is dead serious about this: Violating the new federal pizza rules is not a civil offense but a criminal one. A pimply-faced teen-ager who throws an extra handful of cheese onto a large Cali Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza could be thrown in the federal lockup for a year.
And you thought that zany Icelandic president who wanted to ban pineapple pizza had big ideas.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The bottom line is that Paul Polman is not focused on the bottom line.
Polman is CEO of Unilever, the Anglo-Dutch consumer-products multinational. Managing a corporation that operates in 100 countries, markets 400 different brands, employs 169,000 people, and grossed $56 billion in 2016 should be enough to keep Polman at his desk. But this Dutchman has had his mind on far bigger things since he took the helm in 2009.
“I am really more interested in development,” Polman declared in February.
Polman co-authored a 2014 essay in which he announced that capitalism has “proved dysfunctional in important ways. It often encourages shortsightedness, contributes to wide disparities between the rich and the poor, and tolerates the reckless treatment of environmental capital.”
Polman has directed his employees to avoid a singular focus on ROI and instead implement USLP: Unilever’s Sustainable Living Plan. Its latest annual report trumpets the slogan: “making sustainable living commonplace.”
CEOs need not aspire to be Gordon Gekko. But they need not strive to be Mahatma Gandhi, either. Polman fancies himself as the latter. “As CEO of Unilever, my personal mission is to galvanize the company to be an effective force for good.”
The liberal media love Polman’s shift from generating black ink to pursuing a crunchy, green Weltanschauung.
Fortune praised “Paul Polman’s Plan to Save the World.”
“Unilever’s CEO Is All In on Addressing Climate Change, Global Poverty,” crowed a Huffington Post headline. “Unilever’s Paul Polman on diversity, purpose and profits,” the Guardian cheered in London. Politico applauded: “It’s Not Just George Soros Anymore.”
This outpouring of love in global newsrooms apparently has blinded the media to the dark side of Polman’s vision. Under his leadership, Unilever has violated virtually every gospel that Polman has preached.
Unilever paid its female workers in Kenya about three euros per day in 2011 — or roughly $4.15, at that year’s average exchange rate —according to the Irish Times. These women also inhabited low-quality housing. Even worse, the paper reported, they typically spent about a quarter of their wages to bribe their bosses to avoid being sexually harassed.
Unilever sourced tea from Indian producers whose employees serve under consecutive, short-term contracts, Sri Lanka’s Daily Mirror reported in 2014. This keeps them on payroll, but without those pesky pension-and-health benefits.
Last year, Unilever settled a long-term legal battle with Indian workers who suffered mercury poisoning at a now-padlocked thermometer factory. The Indian government confirmed laborers’ complaints that mercury sickened them and damaged their children.
On March 2, South Africa’s Competition Commission recommended prosecuting Unilever for colluding with the Sime Darby Group over the sale of margarine and cooking oil. Antitrust officials in Pretoria say that the companies restricted open trade by agreeing to stay out of each other’s markets for certain products, thereby creating mutually beneficial monopolies for specific goods. Consequently, Unilever could be fined 10 percent of its annual revenue.
These corporate misdeeds have disgusted one Dutch watchdog.
“Do not fall for the sweet talk of Unilever,” the Center for Research on Multinational Corporations recently told Holland’s newspaper De Dagelijkse Standaard. “This business is not the jewel in the Netherlands, but rather something we should be ashamed of.”
While Polman has left human-rights activists cold, he has frosted investors, too.
As Polman served as King of the World, Unilever’s sales growth hit a five-year low in 2014. Its overall revenue fell 1 percent in 2016. In the last twelve months, Unilever’s stock price has risen 10.6 percent, lagging the S&P 500’s 14.4 percent increase and the Dow Jones’s 16.6 percent climb.
Investors were buoyed in mid February when Kraft Heinz offered to buy Unilever for $143 billion. Its stock soared 14 percent. But Polman then rained on the parade and rejected the deal. Analysts reckoned that Polman preferred to continue his global crusade rather than endure cost cutting under Kraft Heinz.
“As a Unilever shareholder,” Graham Shore wrote last month in the Financial Times, “I would prefer if Mr. Polman furthered his societal ambitions using his own rather than his shareholders’ money.”
Paul Polman could satisfy many people, not least himself, by standing down as Unilever CEO and announcing his candidacy for secretary general of the United Nations.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Republicans are showing more eagerness to blame one another for defeat on health care than they ever did to gain a victory. After the House leadership’s health-care bill had to be pulled from the floor for lack of votes, the party’s various factions read from their familiar scripts. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s allies lashed out at the conservative die-hards in the House Freedom Caucus for rejecting the bill. Those conservatives blamed Ryan in return, saying he had given them a lousy bill — one that a significant number of Republicans on the left and in the middle of their House conference had also rejected. Trump critics blamed Trump for his erratic leadership.
None of these groups is entirely right. But a just apportionment of blame should be secondary to moving health policy in a conservative direction, which is still achievable in this Congress if Republicans turn their attention from their rivalries to that task.
After being surprised by Trump’s Election Day victory, Republicans — led by Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell — decided on a two-part strategy. Republicans would repeal much of Obamacare early, using “reconciliation” procedures to allow a simple majority of the Senate to act without being filibustered by the Democratic minority. Later, they would repeal the rest of Obamacare and enact a replacement. One attraction of this idea was that repeal was a relatively simple matter. Republicans had already passed a reconciliation bill repealing Obamacare’s taxes and subsidies when President Obama was in office. (He vetoed it, of course.) Replacement would, on the other hand, require Republicans to overcome their disagreements.
It became clear, however, that McConnell’s plan would not work, in large part because insurance markets could collapse in the interim. This danger arose because the initial bill in the plan would not touch Obamacare’s regulations. The reconciliation procedure was invented to deal with budget bills, and it was thought that the Senate parliamentarian would not allow legislation to include regulatory changes, even changes with incidental effects on the budget. If the bill included enough regulatory changes, the parliamentarian could rule that the Democrats could use a filibuster to keep the Senate from taking it up at all. But if Obamacare’s regulations were to stay in place, then its subsidies and taxes could not simply be eliminated.
So Speaker Ryan adopted a new plan, in which the first bill would replace as well as repeal much of Obamacare. Crucially, though, he continued to seek fast action even though it required coming up with a new bill rather than taking one off the shelf. The House leaders devised a bill that they said accomplished as much of both repeal and replacement as the parliamentarian would allow. Without giving much in the way of advance notice of its content to their normal allies, they released this bill and fast-tracked it for committee votes and floor consideration.
The most conservative Republicans in the House, many of them affiliated with the House Freedom Caucus, balked at the legislation. The bill scrapped Obamacare’s tax credits for people without access to Medicare, Medicaid, or employer-provided insurance, but created its own credits for them — a feature that many previous Republican plans had also included. But many of the conservative critics, at least by the end of the debate over the bill, were willing to accept that tax credits were necessary. What continued to concern them was that so many of Obamacare’s regulations were left in place.
Republican moderates had a different set of concerns. The Congressional Budget Office reported that the number of people with health insurance would drop precipitously under the bill. The insurance rolls would shrink by 14 million people in 2018. While the CBO’s numbers were exaggerated — it has repeatedly overestimated the effectiveness of Obamacare’s fines on people without insurance as a means of getting them to buy it — the basic forecast of severe disruption in insurance arrangements was plausible.
That problem could have been addressed by being less aggressive in rolling back Obamacare’s expansion of Medicaid, the health program for the poor, and by making the tax credits more generous to people with incomes a little too high for Medicaid and people nearing retirement. But these steps would have driven conservatives further away from the bill. Alternatively, the bill could have eliminated or eased Obamacare regulations. The CBO had said that a repeal of Obamacare’s regulations as well as its spending would lead to higher coverage levels than just a repeal of its spending, presumably because more people would find it worthwhile to buy the cheaper policies that getting rid of the regulations would enable. But further deregulation appeared to be blocked by the Senate’s reconciliation rules.
The result was a bill that satisfied nobody and was deeply unpopular. Republicans who voted for it would be responsible for lower levels of insurance coverage and a short-term increase in premiums (if the CBO was to be believed), and would not even be able to say honestly that they had repealed Obamacare.
Then Senator Mike Lee of Utah, an ally of the Freedom Caucus, reported that the parliamentarian had told him that nobody had asked her about the permissibility of some specific deregulatory steps. (She appears to have spoken similarly to others.) This added to the caucus’s skepticism of the bill. House Republican leaders threw in a bit more deregulation to appease them, but lost some moderates.
Throughout this process President Trump remained supportive of the legislation both in public statements and in private conversations with legislators, even as some of his biggest fans in the media blasted it as the misbegotten handiwork of Ryan. He was, however, incapable of horse-trading on policy, knowing as he did few specifics about the legislation. Growing tired of cajoling congressmen on the issue, he said that he was pushing for an immediate vote. His top aide, Stephen Bannon, reportedly told the conservatives that they had no choice but to support the bill. These tactics failed.
With the legislation stuck about a dozen votes short of a majority, Trump and Ryan then canceled the vote and announced that, in Ryan’s words, “we’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future.” Republicans moved on to finger-pointing, and Democrats to gloating. The survival of Obamacare, the latter said, proved that the law was sensible and moderate, that Republicans’ attacks on it were demagogic, and that their alternative health-care ideas were either bad or unpopular or both.
What it really shows, above all, is that legislating is easier when you have 60 rather than 52 senators on your side. The Democrats had a much freer hand in making regulatory changes when they passed Obamacare and did not need to structure their bill around the reconciliation process. They also had more votes to spare in the House. And they didn’t have these majorities primarily because their health-care ideas were so popular. When President Obama was elected, he was opposed to one of the main components of his law: the fines on uninsured people. (He was also opposed to taxing employer-provided insurance plans, which became part of the law as well but has never been implemented.)
But it’s also true that Republicans could have done better. A presidential candidate who ran on a health-care plan might have been able to unify his party behind it in the process of winning the election. Trump, who has never shown much interest in health-care policy, was not going to be that candidate. During the campaign he had a brief outline of a plan that made little sense, and he dropped it in favor of letting the Congress come up with something. He consented to putting the bill at the top of the agenda even though he lacks interest in it, because he also has no serious legislative agenda on anything else. Ryan and McConnell, meanwhile, should have adopted a slower and more deliberate pace. The House Freedom Caucus, while it made some reasonable arguments against the leadership’s bill, leaned too heavily on its not being a full repeal. That was true, but a bill could have been a major improvement without meeting that description.
The party’s worst mistake on health care, though, would be to quit at the first sign of difficulty. Flawed as the bill was, it did help to bring the Republicans closer to a common policy. The most conservative Republicans accepted a tax credit, and the least conservative ones accepted a restructuring of Medicaid. Nothing is stopping the Republicans from spending the next year hammering out a bill that they like better, refining it as they go so that it enables more people to buy coverage they actually want.
Many Republicans, including President Trump, are rationalizing inaction on health care on the ground that Obamacare is collapsing as it is. Republicans have used this excuse before. But it’s not clear that Obamacare’s exchanges are collapsing, as opposed to performing badly. And if they are, it is all the more important to have legislation ready to limit the damage their failure can inflict on vulnerable people. Medicaid, meanwhile, is capable of continuing indefinitely to deliver poor results for the money spent.
Most Republicans now embrace moving toward a market in which all Americans have the option to buy renewable catastrophic coverage and in which such coverage competes with more comprehensive plans on a level playing field. That was the right stance to take before President Obama got elected, and it remains the right one after the failure of Speaker Ryan’s bill. Once that failure recedes a bit into the distance, they will see that they have no reason to let a few weeks of clumsy legislating doom that cause for all time.
— Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor of National Review. This article appears in the April 17, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The late terrorist Yasser Arafat (1929-2004) was famous for saying one thing to American media and the opposite to Palestinian audiences. To U.S. presidents and chief diplomatic correspondents he would profess his desire for peace and for a two-state solution, while to Arabs and Muslims he would impugn Jews, hint at Israel’s abolition, and incite and pay for anti-Semitic violence. His problem was that, like most liars, he was eventually found out. President George W. Bush saw through Arafat’s skein of deception and disengaged from the self-defeating “peace process” that he had manipulated to his advantage for decades. By the time of Arafat’s death, it was clear that any practical improvement in the Israeli-Palestinian relationship would have to bypass the Palestinian autocrat. He just couldn’t be trusted.
It is by this standard that I hereby judge Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer to be the Yasser Arafat of the Democratic party. Schumer is so practiced at saying one thing to Democratic elites and another to the Democratic base that it is easy to fall for his charade. But neither Arafat nor Schumer should fool you. Schumer is a hypocrite and a liar and out for no one but himself. And it is for these reasons that his threat to filibuster Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch should be viewed with incredulity.
Schumer says he will vote against bringing the Gorsuch nomination to the floor of the Senate. He urges his fellow Senate Democrats to do the same. His decision is chum in the water for the frenzied “resistance” to President Trump, which has decided that a judge who was approved to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals with Democratic support — including Schumer’s — and whose fans include President Obama’s former solicitor general and legal scholar Cass Sunstein is somehow a jurisprudential freak who should be prevented from joining the Supreme Court by extraordinary means. The conventional wisdom in Washington, taking Schumer at his word, holds that enough Democrats will follow their leader to force Mitch McConnell to change the Senate rules. This is the so-called “nuclear option” on which Democrats were ready to act had they won last November. But of course they didn’t win. So now 60 votes is “the appropriate standard for a Supreme Court nominee,” Schumer said this week. Another lie.
The abortion lobby and liberal activists are pleased with their leader. The donations will keep rolling in. But what is Schumer telling his caucus behind closed doors? I ask because, while plenty of Democrats seem willing to expose themselves as dishonest hypocrites, as I write there are not enough votes to sustain a filibuster. According to the Washington Post, 29 Democrats are ready to block Gorsuch, but 12 additional votes are necessary. If you look at the list of Democrats on the fence, you see that the April 5 vote could go either way. Sens. Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin, both of whom are up for reelection in states President Trump won by double digits, have said Gorsuch deserves an up or down vote. Sens. Joe Donnelly and Jon Tester are both up in 2018 in states Trump won by 20 points. Senator Angus King’s desire to be known as an “independent” would be quashed if he fell into line for such a transparent power grab. Last week Senator Pat Leahy said he might vote for cloture, only to back off on Twitter when the liberal interest groups went after him. Who knows what he’ll decide in the end.
If these senators vote to move the nomination to the floor, Republicans would need one more Democrat to stop the filibuster attempt. Among the possibilities are Michael Bennet, Gorsuch’s home-state senator, and Mark Warner, who might want to live it up and assert his centrism. Could that happen? Especially if the Democrats are aware that McConnell probably has the votes to go nuclear, which would not only leave them with Gorsuch on the Court but also free Trump to nominate Bill Pryor or Mike Lee or Kid Rock the next time around? Having the nomination squeak through would allow Schumer to have it both ways: animating his base with a meaningless pose while preserving his leverage. There’s a reason he smirks so much.
This is the self-proclaimed “guardian of Israel” who said he opposed the Iran deal — but then did absolutely nothing to stop it. “In my experience with matters of conscience and great consequence like this, each member ultimately comes to their own conclusion,” he said at the time. OK, sure. But they also reach conclusions after lobbying and persuasion from influential figures in their caucus and party. And it is precisely such lobbying and persuasion on an issue he claims is dear to his heart that Schumer did not do. And he didn’t do it because leading the opposition to the Iran deal wasn’t in his self-interest. Taking a stand against President Obama would have sunk his chances for career advancement. Besides, he must have thought, the deal was going to happen anyway. A regular profile in courage, Chuck Schumer is.
Last November, when Schumer announced he supported Congressman Keith Ellison for chairman of the Democratic National Committee, many of us were surprised. Ellison is on the far left of the Democratic party, has a history with the anti-Semitic Nation of Islam, and supports Bernie Sanders in his war against the Wall Street bankers that Schumer represents. What was Schumer doing? Here’s what he was doing: He knew Ellison had no chance, that the White House would oppose Ellison, that the opposition research would bring Ellison down, but he supported Ellison anyway just to shore up his left flank. He was telling the base he was with them, while telegraphing to the Democratic elites alarmed at Ellison’s rise that he was with them too.
Conniving, spineless, duplicitous, misleading, double-crossing — Chuck Schumer is a fitting exemplar for the modern Democratic party. All he needs is the keffiyeh.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved 
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
‘Horrifying!” inveighed an indignant Hillary Clinton at the last presidential debate, less than three weeks before Election Day. What so horrified her? Donald Trump’s refusal to pledge that he would accept the legitimacy of the election.
Trump speculated that the electoral process could be rigged. Until he saw how it played out, the Republican nominee said, he could not concede that the result would be on the up-and-up.
Trump offered a three-part “rigging” claim. There was the allegation for which he’d already been roundly derided: A foreign element could swing the election — specifically, “millions” of ineligible voters, a reference to illegal immigrants, the bane of his campaign. Further, there was the gross one-sidedness of the media’s campaign coverage — scathing when it came to him; between inattentive and fawning when it came to his opponent, whose considerable sins were airbrushed away. Finally, there was deep corruption: Clinton, he maintained, should not have been permitted to run given the significant evidence of felony misconduct in her mishandling of classified information. Meanwhile, law-enforcement agencies of the Democratic administration bent over backwards to give her a pass, and congressional Democrats closed ranks around her — conducting themselves in committee hearings more like her defense lawyers than investigators searching for the truth.
A flabbergasted Clinton responded that she was shocked — horrified! — to hear Trump “talking down our democracy.” This was a top theme in her campaign’s closing days: The election was absolutely legitimate; Trump was traitorously condemnable for refusing to say so.
Of course, Clinton and the Democrats who parroted her would prefer that you forget that now. And given her strained relationship with the truth, they’re right to calculate that you’d never retain anything she said for very long. Nobody does. Corporate big wheels who paid to hear her vaporous speechifying couldn’t tell you a memorable thing she’d said after paying $250,000 for her “insights.”
The media-Democrat indictment of Trump’s election-rigging spiel was not rooted in patriotic commitment to the American democratic tradition of accepting election outcomes. They said what they said because they fully expected to win — all the polls said so! Hillary and her chums, Barack Obama included, would not abide a taint of illegitimacy affixing itself to her inevitable presidency.
Except she wasn’t so inevitable.
So now, there is just one very inconvenient problem for the “Russia hacked the election” narrative, the tireless media-Democrat harangue since November 8: Everything of substance that is known to the U.S. government about Russian meddling was already known in those pre-election weeks when Clinton and the Democrats were hailing the legitimacy of the process.
They’ve changed their tune not because the facts changed, but because they lost.
And what’s their story now? It’s pretty much the same one they scalded Trump for telling. They peddle a three-part rigged election claim: (1) foreign interference, not by illegal aliens who may have voted but by Russians who did not affect the voting process; (2) one-sided press coverage — they mean the Russian propaganda press and the WikiLeaks release of DNC and John Podesta e-mails, which they’d now have you believe had more influence on Americans than did the Democrat-media complex and the grudging State Department release of Hillary Clinton’s own e-mails; and (3) the corruption that lifted a low-character candidate who should not have been allowed to run but who received extraordinary government assistance — not from the Obama Justice Department but from the Putin regime.
The story is never going to fly.
By late October, the Russian “cyber espionage” effort to meddle in the election was well known. In the same debate in which Clinton rebuked Trump for refusing to concede the election’s legitimacy, she attacked her rival as “Putin’s puppet” and cited the finding of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia sought to interfere in the election. Clinton was not at all concerned that Putin’s shenanigans would have any actual impact on the election. She invoked them because she thought it was helpful to her campaign — an opportunity to portray Trump as ripe for rolling by the Russian regime.
And how could she have taken any other position? None less than President Obama himself said that there was nothing unusual about Russian scheming to influence American elections, which he said “dates back to the Soviet Union.” Obama deftly avoided mentioning that past scheming had never gotten much media traction because it had been undertaken on behalf of Democrats. While he blamed the Putin regime for hacking e-mails during the 2016 campaign, Obama described the perfidy as “fairly routine.” He acknowledged, moreover, that it was publicly notorious well in advance of the election — which, of course, is why Clinton had been able to exploit it in a nationally televised debate three weeks prior to the election.
What happened here is very simple: Russia was unimportant to Democrats, was avoided by Democrats, until they needed to rationalize a stunning defeat.
Prior to November 8, Democrats had little interest in mentioning “Russia” or “Putin.” Oh, they sputtered out the words when they had no choice — not wanting to address the substance of some embarrassing e-mails, they had to shift attention to the nefarious theft of the e-mails.
Beyond that, attention to the Kremlin was bad news for Clinton. It invited scrutiny of the Clinton Foundation’s corrupt foreign dealings; the sulfurous interplay of Putin cronies, Bill Clinton’s lucrative speech racket, and Hillary’s biddable State Department that resulted in Russia’s acquisition of major U.S. uranium supplies; the embarrassing “Russian reset” whereby, during Clinton’s State Department stewardship, the supine Obama administration watched Putin capture territory in Eastern Europe and muscle into the Middle East, while arming and aligning with Iran; and the intriguing relationship between Podesta (the Clinton-campaign chairman and former Obama White House official) and Putin’s circle — specifically, a $35 million investment by a Putin-created venture capital firm, Rusano, into a small Massachusetts energy company, Joule Energy, just two months after Podesta joined Joule’s board.
So, while Donald Trump’s Russia rhetoric ranged from the unseemly (blowing kisses at an anti-American thug) to the delusional (the notion that Russia, Iran’s new friend, could be a reliable ally against jihadism) to the reprehensible (moral equivalence between the murderous Putin regime and American national-defense operations), Clinton’s own Russia baggage rendered her unable to exploit them.
It was only afterward, after she lost a contest she thought she had in the bag, that the election turned illegitimate.
It was only after the campaign — after Hillary’s baggage no longer mattered, after the Democrats decided that “Russia hacked the election” was a better storyline than “we ran a lousy candidate and have lost touch with Middle America” — that Obama made a show of vigorous action against the same “cyber espionage” he’d pooh-poohed as par for the course seemingly five minutes before. Suddenly, on his way out the door, the president who’d sat on his hands while Putin sacked Crimea, grabbed slices of Eastern Ukraine, and abetted Syrian war crimes was moved to eject Russian diplomats, shutter Russian installations, and impose sanctions for what his administration labeled “Significant Malicious Cyber-Enabled Activities.”
“Russia hacked the election” is politicized theater of the most irresponsible kind — the worst since Democrats last sought to delegitimize a Republican administration by agitating against a war they had voted to support, even as American men and women were laying their lives on the line. And in this theatrical exercise, just as in the last one, the Left is undermining national security for political advantage.
Regardless of how one came out on the question whether Saddam Hussein should be ousted, the Bush administration’s post-Saddam strategy was a debacle premised on the notions of democratizing an anti-Western sharia society and courting Iranian cooperation (on the theory that the mullahs had a profound interest in regional stability!). The half-baked premises, and the fact that we had troops in harm’s way, demanded a sober, adult evaluation of what we could reasonably accomplish and to what degree we could responsibly extricate ourselves.
Instead, Democrats scorched the earth with despicable claims Bush had lied the nation into an illegitimate war. Republicans were thus driven to defend the war and the administration, regardless of misgivings about how it was being prosecuted. Having turned “Iraq” into a dirty word and ridden the “Bush lied, people died” smear to electoral victory, Democrats ensured that Obama would withdraw without regard to the conditions on the ground and the American sacrifices of blood and treasure. The chaos and the far more dangerous world we confront today is the consequence of a bipartisan political class that has forgotten when politics must yield to the demands of statesmanship.
Well, here we go again.
Russia is a hostile regime whose intelligence operations — from cyber to propaganda to political assassination to promotion of rogue regimes and factions — are formidable. Many of us were warning against Putin while George Bush was gazing into his eyes for a “sense of his soul,” the Bush administration was imagining Russia as a “strategic partner,” Hillary Clinton was resetting our path to cozy relations, Barack Obama was appeasing Putin in desperation to keep the perilous Iran nuclear deal on track, and Donald Trump was “bromancing” the dictator. So if Democrats have suddenly decided the Kremlin is a malign force, we should welcome them and fight the urge to ask, “What took you so long?”
Russia did not “hack our election.” But Russia is our “number-one geopolitical foe” — to quote Mitt Romney’s bull’s-eye assessment, the object of such media-Democrat scorn. Putin’s anti-American operations in the run-up to the election — which were directed, according to our intelligence agencies, against both political parties — should be a matter of serious concern to all Americans, as should Russian machinations in the Obama years, the Bush years, in Europe, the Middle East, and elsewhere.
Yet, rather than encourage a responsible evaluation of what we’re up against, Democrats and their media allies are promoting a fraud: If you take the Russian threat seriously, it means Russia stole the election and, ergo, that Donald Trump is an illegitimate president. Since that is not what happened, Republicans — who should be pushing Trump toward a harder line against Moscow — will be constrained to refute the Democrats’ allegations. The Democrats will demonize Trump, while Trump sympathizers sound like Putin’s defense lawyers.
In the Kremlin, they’ll be smiling.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is as senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
People are accusing White House press secretary Sean Spicer of being “racist” and “sexist” for telling a reporter to stop shaking her head — because the reporter was black and female, and apparently any criticism of anyone with these attributes automatically qualifies as bigotry.
During Tuesday’s White House briefing, a reporter for Urban Radio Networks named April Ryan was interrupting Spicer and shaking her head as he attempted to answer her question, according to an article in the Washington Post. Spicer told her, “You’re shaking your head,” and then later, when she kept shaking her head, “I’m sorry, please stop shaking your head.”
Now, you may be struggling to figure out exactly how race and sex are involved the sentence “I’m sorry, please stop shaking your head,” but apparently a lot of people on Twitter felt differently:
Hillary Clinton even weighed in. According to an article in The Blaze, Clinton specifically mentioned Spicer’s comments during a speech in California on Tuesday, saying: “Too many women, especially women of color, have had a lifetime of practice, taking precisely these kinds of indignities in stride.”
Now, I agree that women, and particularly women of color, certainly do have to face certain challenges that other people don’t have to face. What’s more, I understand that reporters certainly do have every right to shake their heads if they want to shake their heads. We have a free press in this country, and Ryan had every right to shake her head — and to keep shaking her head — regardless of Spicer’s instructions. You can call it rude if you’d like, but do you know what? That doesn’t mean it was “sexist” or “racist.”
This is especially true considering the fact that Spicer has frequently displayed attitude when dealing with reporters, regardless of their race or gender. Remember his first official press conference, when he essentially attacked the media as a whole? When he made it clear that he was going to be tough on them? No reporter, male or female, would ever rush to call Spicer “agreeable.”
No, there’s no problem with calling Spicer out for telling Ryan to stop shaking her head, but trying to spin “I’m sorry, please stop shaking your head” into a racially motivated attack — when all evidence points to the fact that anyone could have been on the receiving end of these kinds of comments — is absurd. The Left seems to just throw out accusations of racism and sexism in some kind of knee-jerk reaction every time a woman or a nonwhite person is involved, regardless of other considerations, and it doesn’t help anyone. In fact, it can actually hurt.
After all, the more these terms are used frivolously, the less likely people are to take them seriously when they hear them.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
“Prayer is the life-breath of the soul’s relationship with God,” Los Angeles Archbishop José Gomez writes in his foreword to Fire from Above: Christian Contemplation and Mystical Wisdom. And, he writes, “If we are to recover our true humanity in this secular age — the true meaning of our lives as children of God made in His image – then we must return to prayer.” Anthony Lilles, academic dean of Saint John’s Seminary in Camarillo, Calif., is the author of Fire from Above, and he talks about going deeper in matters of the soul.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: Contemplation? Mystical wisdom? How is that practical or relevant? Who has time?
Lilles: Contemplation is nothing more than a conversation between friends — the soul and God. Mystical wisdom is the living awareness by faith of the Lord’s personal presence in one’s own life and in the world. It is relevant because this creating and healing presence holds everything together, and to live life to the full, we need to draw close to this source of life. Sadly, not everyone makes time for this kind of wisdom in their lives, and that is why so few people know how much they are loved by God. Unless we make the effort to be vulnerable to God in prayer, we will never know this love that heals and restores the deepest truth about who we are. With this truth, the untapped potential and greatness of who we are finds the firm ground it needs to grow into full maturity.
Lopez: Is learning about mystics really a the best way to start going deeper in prayer?
Lilles: Yes. If we want to be healthy, we listen to a doctor. If we want to be good at sports, we listen to a coach. If we want to deepen our life of prayer, we need to listen to the mystics that God has given to the Church. Mystics are those who have allowed themselves to be drawn into the mystery of Christ, and they are the most qualified to reveal this saving mystery to us.
Lopez: What does it mean to be a contemplative, and can you be one while living in the world?
Lilles: To contemplate means “to behold,” and to be a contemplative means to be someone who lives by what the light of faith reveals about our lives and the world around us. It is a way of life that is lived at the pace of prayer, and it allows itself to be established and enveloped by God’s peace that is constantly being poured out — even in very difficult and painful circumstance. No one starts out seeing the world or themselves in this way. Yet, as a disciple of Christ strives to keep himself mindful of God’s presence with complete confidence, he soon discovers that the Lord has implicated Himself in everything that concerns humanity and constantly works in hidden and exquisite ways to make all things new. A contemplative recognizes this great mystery and responds to it with his whole being. While some actually consecrate their whole manner of life to this pursuit in monastic or hermetical vocations, it is also true that very active priests and bishops, and even members of the lay faithful can live contemplatively. The grace of baptism makes such a life possible.
Lopez: You write that “the world needs the wisdom that the tradition of Christian prayer offers.” What does prayer have to do with wisdom?
Lilles: Mystical wisdom is the living awareness of God’s presence in the world. Such wisdom is not an accomplishment that one arrives at by intellectual rigor. Instead, it is the result of prayer, a kind of prayer in which we allow the Lord to question our whole way of life. Such prayer evokes a sense of wonder and inclines the heart to want to participate in the Lord’s salvific work.
This is why St. Thomas Aquinas understands the gifts of knowledge, understanding, and wisdom as gifts of the Holy Spirit that become operative in contemplative prayer. Through each gift, the Holy Spirit establishes the soul in a beatitude that anticipates the fullness of life that awaits us in heaven. In the case of wisdom, St. Thomas affirms that the blessedness of the peacemakers is realized through this gift: Blessed are the peacemakers, they shall be called the children of God. This means that when we invest ourselves in contemplative prayer, our existence is caught up into the identity we have as sons and daughters of God. Just as the Father is working to bring peace into the world and into each heart, His sons and daughters, touched by the wonder of His love in prayer, find themselves participating in His work.
Lopez: Can mysticism be an entryway to established religion for our modern age, when many people consider themselves spiritual but not religious?
Lilles: This is a fascinating question. For some, I think it has.
Lopez: You talk about “the supernatural life” and virtue as ways God invites us to have access to His light here on earth. That could sound like the realm of superheroes to people today. Do you read the news?
Lilles: Yes, I read the news. At the same time, I also know that we live at a time of too much information. Thus, we need to be careful consumers of the news products available to us. We must not allow ourselves to be caught up in news cycles that various broadcast companies use to market products — because, at the end of the day, as good as the people are who work for them, they are commercial enterprises servile to their own bottom line. Sensationalism, especially the bombastic kind, can be a tool to keep us hooked.
There is something in us, after all, which enjoys those feelings of indignation or triumphalism. If we are not careful, carried away by one sensational story right after another, we can forget to pray. Then believers are just as driven as everyone around them and just as blind as is everyone else to the splendor of the Lord shining in their midst. If we do not keep our eyes on the Lord, it is difficult to recognize the hope that He offers us moment to moment. Yet, if we keep our eyes on Him, sun and moon may pass away and the whole world fall down around us, but we will stand firm in His love. This is the witness of the martyrs of our time.
Lopez: You write, “The Holy Trinity dwells in our hearts to be loved and adored by grace.” What would you say to someone who believes in God, is a Christian, goes to Church, and yet to whom that statement simply sounds over-pious?
Lilles: It does sound too good to be true, and it is always possible to assent to this as no more than pious twaddle. To do so, however, would be a mistake. It is real — so real — that Christ delivered Himself over to suffering and death that we might receive this gift, the gift of the Almighty God dwelling within us.
Lopez: What’s so special about Elizabeth of the Trinity, who was canonized by Pope Francis?
Lilles: Saint Elizabeth of the Trinity has turned the attention of the Church back to the mystery of the Divine Indwelling. Theologians as diverse as Louis Bouyer, Garrigou-Lagrange, and Hans Urs von Balthasar recognized the importance of this spiritual mission today. She is the only 20th-century mystic quoted in the Catechism of the Catholic Church, and her words are used to illustrate that the ultimate end of the Divine Economy is not something remote or in the future, but a mystery of communion that we truly anticipate now by faith.
Lopez: Why should anyone who does not know of St. Elizabeth pick up A Life of Praise to God, a book recently published in English with a foreword by you?
Lilles: This is a wonderful book. The author, Sr. Giovanna della Croce gives you a delightful glimpse into St. Elizabeth’s charming personality and profound teachings. Julie Enzler has captured this with a very accessible translation.
Lopez: You note the Second Vatican Council insisting that there is a universal call to holiness: “While there are many forms and expressions of the Christian life, we are all called to the same holiness.” Isn’t there a danger of defining holiness down? Surely we’re not all capable of being Mother Teresa.
Lilles: The mystery of Christian holiness is a mystery of our image and likeness to God. Christ died for us to send the Holy Spirit upon us that we might become fiery icons of love to provide this dark world a little warmth and light — that others might find their way home. God has a plan for each of us — and for each of us, the most unique and un-repeatable adventure awaits. Holiness is a great adventure of love. What it will entail for each one is impossible to say — but we know we progress in this journey with the One who has gone before us and that whatever else happens in life, He is awaiting us and always ready to help us.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
As one would expect from a president who is a master of political theater, the backdrop for this week’s announcement of his executive order “Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth” was dramatic: President Trump, with twelve all-American-looking coal-miners flanking him, announced that he was undoing a number of President Obama’s climate policies, while announcing a number of pro-energy-development ones. As is typical with this president, though, the media were so wrapped up in the theater that the substance of the order was almost entirely buried in many stories.
But while the green lobby was rending its garments and proclaiming the end of the world, more astute observers noticed what Trump’s executive order didn’t do — which was arguably more important than what it did.
Notably, the president did not (1) withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement or (2) start a process to repeal the EPA’s endangerment finding on carbon emissions, which underlies the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan.
Some (though by no means all) conservatives are up in arms about this, as EPA administrator Scott Pruitt was supposedly particularly active in beating back proposals to challenge the endangerment finding, while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was allegedly active in lobbying to stay in the Paris Climate Agreement. At first blush, this seems hard to square with the records of two men who were being denounced as enemies of the people by the environmental lobby from the moment of their nominations, but in their early approaches to the issue they are showing a disposition that is more pragmatic than radical.
This is not a surprise to more seasoned observers of energy policy on the right. Those who have actually worked with Pruitt stressed that, contrary to the media caricature, he was not an ideological Don Quixote tilting at windmills. Instead, he is going to carefully and methodically go after EPA overreach while focusing on cleaning up air and water in tangible ways.
The endangerment finding found that greenhouse gases threatened human health and welfare, which provided the legal justification for the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan. But Pruitt, along with several senior White House aides, argued that attempting to overturn the finding would be a messy and protracted court battle that would be very unlikely to succeed.
Meanwhile Tillerson did not want to rush into immediately withdrawing from the Paris Agreement. with all of the attendant blowback it would cause among key allies, when the administration has more important diplomatic priorities.
Conservative critics of Obama’s climate policies may be justifiably angered at Trump’s refusal to act on these issues in this executive order, but for an administration that cares a lot about winning, it did not make sense to act in a way that would likely result in a loss. If Trump really wants to roll back the endangerment finding, his best bet is probably a revision of the Clean Air Act (which would in and of itself be a bruising fight) that would explicitly strip out CO2 from the law’s jurisdiction. This would meet the demands of conservatives who have long complained that the Clean Air Act is an inappropriate vehicle for regulating greenhouse gases.
As for the Paris Agreement, in theory, Trump should not lend further legitimacy to the largely useless, if not counterproductive, U.N.-based process. But he needs to balance backing out of the agreement with the reality that its demands are unenforceable and mostly symbolic, and that doing so would anger a number of our allies with whom we need to work on more critical matters.
And while the EO was notable for what it didn’t do, what it actually accomplished was substantial.
First, it initiated a formal review of the Obama administration’s technocratic and opaque Clean Power Plan, which is likely to be the first step toward ending it altogether. But while conservatives and the utility industry celebrated this as a big win, the short-term practical effects are likely to be minimal — the specter of the Clean Power Plan played a significant role in shutting down some coal plants, but it is far from clear that the rescinding of CPP will cause them to reopen.
The move does have some potential to make a difference over the longer term, however. The EPA’s carbon dioxide emissions standards for new power plants, first proposed under the Clean Power Plan in 2012 and finalized in 2015, effectively banned construction of all new coal plants that didn’t utilize highly speculative carbon-capture and -storage technology. This played a significant role in taking new coal plants off the table, as utilities could see the writing on the wall. Unlike a rewriting of the endangerment rule, which would be very chancy, there are strong legal justifications for rewriting this rule, should the administration be interested in doing so.
Second, the EO removed the ban on coal leases on federal land, an important win for Trump’s supporters in that industry. But the administration needs to be realistic about the fact that there is not likely to be a coal renaissance even with these orders. Booming supplies of natural gas, thanks to the hydraulic-fracturing revolution, mean that coal will have a difficult time competing in the domestic marketplace. Furthermore, increasing mechanization at mines, particularly in the more productive Powder River Basin, means more jobs are likely to be under threat. The coal-miner issue is more symbolic than substantive, but it does show that Trump is advocating for a constituency that he actively courted.
Third, the EO revisits the Obama administration’s estimate of the “social cost of carbon,” the basis for a good bit of regulatory overreach from the Obama administration. Honest policy analysts, regardless of their views on climate policy, should be able to acknowledge that attempting to quantify such a cost is a fool’s errand — a triumph of scientism over science. The “social cost” of carbon is almost entirely subjective and uncertain. But until someone challenges at the Supreme Court the dubious 2007 Ninth Circuit ruling that gave rise to its use, a recalculation (presumably with a lower value) is the most the Trump administration can do.
Fourth, the administration will revisit the Obama administration’s rules on forcing drillers to detect and stop methane leakage. Since drillers were already financially incentivized to stop this leakage anyway, the rules were often seen as overkill by the industry. Expect to see a friendlier set of rules from this administration.
Fifth, it will reduce pressures to factor in climate change for National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) reviews. This is one of those esoteric things that could end up being very important for reducing regulation, but it will almost certainly be challenged in the courts.
Finally, the order also repealed a number of smaller Obama orders on how the government deals with climate change, while adding a requirement that agencies report back within 180 days on any rules they have that may be impeding domestic energy production — a task that will provide the basis for future administration EOs and legislation in this area.
Much to their dismay, Obama’s climate partisans are discovering that Trump can also wield a pen and a phone. But complaining Democrats brought this approach on themselves by refusing to do the hard work of lawmaking, confident that Democratic-controlled administrative agencies would enact their agenda.
As the editors of this publication aptly put it in their editorial earlier this week, “If we are to make climate change a priority of the U.S. government, then Congress needs to pass a law establishing what that means and how we are to proceed. “This is a question for elected officials, not for cloistered, unaccountable regulators.“ Trump’s undoing of Obama’s legacy of climate policy by fiat may be a first step in restoring democratic accountability to American climate and energy policy.
— Jeremy Carl is a research fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Immigration reform is an issue that Washington can’t seem to address. Few disagree on beefing up security at the nation’s borders. But politicians part ways when discussing how to handle the country’s 11 million undocumented workers, who have either overstayed their visas or entered without permission. The resulting gridlock has left them in limbo for decades.
For the Left, the solution is to create a path to citizenship. Many arguments are made to support it. Undocumented workers pay their taxes, though in many cases because it may help them gain legal status. And undocumented workers have been here a long time without ever having had a legal right to establish permanent residence, but set that fact aside for the moment. The weakest rationale for granting them a path to citizenship is this: that they have toiled hard on American soil, contributing to the national economy. They have, but they have done so by violating the nation’s immigration laws. The end doesn’t justify the means.
So what’s the solution?
Government could get tough on those who hire undocumented workers. Stiffer penalties would mean fewer job prospects for the job seekers. And studies show there there is a net outflow of workers when available jobs are scarce. But businesses want migrant labor, and immigration enforcement has long been overlooked to make sure they get it. Many rightly note that parked on America’s doorstep is a sign that reads “Keep Out” on one side and, on the other, “Help Wanted.”
This hypocrisy has augmented the problem of mixed-status families: cases in which some family members — most notably, children — have the legal right to be here while others do not. Nearly 5 million American kids have at least one undocumented parent. Confronting that reality means accepting that forced deportations, long touted as a solution, are socially unviable. They are also fiscally irresponsible. One estimate pegs the cost of deporting 11 million people at over $400 billion.
A more pragmatic solution would be to offer a path to legalization that stops short of citizenship. That would meet the humanitarian imperative to keep families together. But it would also hold those who have violated immigration laws accountable for their actions. This would apply only to undocumented workers who were of legal age when they entered the United States; those who were not of legal age should be given a citizenship path identical to the one that is available to legal immigrants.
Except for those who were born on American soil, citizenship is not a right. It’s a privilege. A path short of citizenship sends a powerful message to America’s legal-immigrant community, whose members have worked tirelessly to follow existing immigration guidelines. There is a rule of law, and citizenship is granted to those who follow it.
A path short of citizenship would assuage Republican concerns that immigration reform would hurt the GOP. Many undocumented workers hail from Latin America, and Latinos have long favored Democrats over Republicans. Some Republicans worry that granting these workers a path to citizenship would tip the future balance of political power. That may sound petty, and it is. But it is also a political reality.
Withholding citizenship, the Left will argue, creates a working class who will never truly feel that America is their home. Citizenship, they maintain, holds the key to becoming a “full and open member of American society.” Yet a significant number of legal immigrants who can naturalize don’t. They have pursued an education, own homes, and have forged links in American society. Not being citizens hasn’t stopped them from claiming their piece of the American dream. Why would it be any different for undocumented workers?
The fact that not all legal immigrants claim American citizenship challenges another liberal argument: that citizenship increases wages. Many advocates of a path to citizenship tout studies that show that when immigrants naturalize, earnings increase — by as much as 25 percent, according to one account. If that were true, wouldn’t all eligible immigrants line up for American passports? Wage increases, after all, would be a powerful a powerful incentive.
The reality is that evidence linking citizenship to wage increases is weak. Researchers often mix legal noncitizens with undocumented workers when looking at earnings — an approach that skews results in favor of the liberal position. More important, many studies don’t control for occupational choice. The salaries of physicians who are American citizens will always be higher than those of secretaries who are legal noncitizens. Nationality has little to do with it. Choice of profession does.
Citizenship can improve wages by offering access to jobs previously off limits. These include high-paying public- and private-sector positions that require security clearances. But they also require advanced education and skills training. As a whole, undocumented workers, nearly half of whom haven’t graduated high school, are ill equipped for such employment. And suggestions that immigrants tend to pursue higher education as a consequence of enjoying citizenship are not backed up by hard data.
One thing is certain. The needs of America’s changing economy cannot be met by laws that haven’t been touched in 25 years. Overhauling the nation’s immigration system requires a dose of pragmatism. And the current occupant of the White House, as unconventional as he may seem, might just be the one to deliver.
— Ashley Nunes writes on work-force productivity, regulatory policy, and behavioral economics.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Alec Baldwin takes the charm out of the animated film The Boss Baby. Doing the voice of the title character, a newborn infant whose insistent demands challenge the family life of his young parents, Baldwin plays to type: court jester for the angry Hillary mob. He no longer has the mellow calm that established a tone of resigned poignancy for Wes Anderson’s The Royal Tenenbaums (2001). Now, Baldwin’s overbearing insistence on politics creates a problem that, very likely, will keep some viewers away from The Boss Baby, a surprisingly imaginative animated movie.
The Boss Baby epitomizes the snowflake phenomenon that is snowballing and putting our desire to enjoy popular culture at risk. (Even singers and rappers go beyond the pale in voicing political antagonism.) When the Boss Baby’s delivery inspires envy in his older brother, Tim Templeton (voiced by Miles Christopher Bakshi, with adult narration by Tobey Maguire), the situation should be immediately relatable and make for likable entertainment. But Baldwin’s own political voice — resonating with his public professional nastiness — gets in the way of the filmmakers’ best efforts.
Director Tom McGrath adapts Marla Frazee’s 2010 children’s book about sibling rivalry. One can enjoy the movie’s exemplary animation style for its innocent expression of what film scholar Lotte Eisner would call our pre-conscious will. The Boss Baby starts out looking like Pixar — a clean-scrubbed appearance that remakes life into a too-sleek product. But, from there, it shifts into inventive psychological expressionism. The film’s point of view actually comes from Tim, the jealous brother who is freaking out: Nursery-room pastels are used for an effervescent nightmare. Unlike the Toy Story films, McGrath explores a child’s heightened emotional state, using surreal, constantly scene-shifting modes.
 
As The Boss Baby morphs in and out of assorted illustration styles (goofy, scary, even downright cartoony skits), it demonstrates the resourceful resilience of Tim’s imagination. At one point, figures move with levers attached like pull-and-tug children’s books. Much more than a digital-animation jamboree, this stylistic range is key to Tim’s development; he achieves zany empathy with his baby brother (a reminder of his own recent infancy) and thus realizes his role in the family’s dynamic.
Yes, there’s a political parallel in this plot, and here is why Baldwin’s casting is destructive: The obnoxious, domineering character of the Boss Baby (depicted as a big-bottomed suit-and-tie business executive) is so similar to Baldwin’s persona in the TV series 30 Rock that, like his recent odious impersonations of President Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live, it is impossible to separate the actor’s art from the actor’s hate.
Baldwin’s tabloid exploits are outside my purview, but the aversion that many people (including some NRO readers) have to Baldwin’s repellent Saturday Night Live “political satire” can be legitimately justified as intellectual and aesthetic disgust. Baldwin’s snarling, slobbering routines overshoot any political point and then sink into ad hominem malice. The mainstream media’s dutiful re-broadcasts of these SNL smear tactics each week, as if they were “breaking news,” not only confirms media bias but hastens the perverse transformation of reporting into editorializing.
During the Bush II era, Baldwin rescued his faltering career by shifting from handsome rake to plucky comic, but now his one-sided, “unpresidential” political stunts discredit his craft. (Where’s the “empathy” that actors so often claim?) Going from court jester to hitman is a different kind of shape-shifting than the kaleidoscopic mood changes that portray Tim Templeton’s domestic fright. Note how director McGrath and screenwriter Michael McCullers replace those old storks-and-cabbage-patch folk myths for Pixar-shiny metaphor with a dark side: Boss Baby is not “made from love,” as Stevie Wonder sang, but comes from an exaggerated combination of corporate manufacturing and capitalist marketing. Yet the spoof of middle-class consumerist cynicism has not been thought through. This year’s animated French film My Life as a Zucchini went even deeper into the private needs of family life than did The Royal Tenenbaums. By comparison, The Boss Baby is shallow.
A conceptual fantasy about a grasping, needy child suggests some aspect of postpartum panic; it’s not so far from the selfish, mean-spirited bawling of post-election crybabies. And our awareness of Baldwin’s SNL scurrility stinks up the film’s genial family humor. Thus, The Boss Baby suffers from the cultural crisis in which celebrities take sides — petitioning one political group while showing contempt for another. This anti-democratic gamesmanship makes even shallow entertainment difficult to abide.
Fortunately, few major artists besides Spielberg and De Niro strain our tolerance for such brazen political petulance; Baldwin is among the vapid upstarts like Jimmy Kimmel who, here, voices Tim’s father (the animation of that doofus character looks like MSNBC court jester Joe Scarborough). These celebrities jeopardize their potential as effective performers. They make enemies instead of making art. Even animated films were more fun when we didn’t know the actors’ political prejudices — and their prejudices weren’t so hateful.
*****
Filmmakers Petra Epperlein and Michael Tucker go from irony to irony in Karl Marx City, a “conspirative” documentary full of interviews plus deliberately reenacted filmmaking gestures. They research the mysterious suicide of Epperlein’s father in the German town that Soviets named after Marx, but they also seek to resolve that tragic mystery in the history of the Stasi, the secret police of the German Democratic Republic whose surveillance of its own people created a culture of total paranoia. The peak irony is the film’s release at this moment of American history, when government surveillance is revealed as a tool used by proponents of the progressive and Socialist principles that entrapped Germany since its partition in 1949. Will patrons of this fascinating and exasperating film note this ultimate irony, or will they continue believing the uniquely American political fantasy that only the enemy insists on power and control?
 
Epperlein and Tucker, the married duo who made the 2004 Iraq War film Gunner Palace, expand nonfiction techniques into showy ruminations. Real surveillance material mixed with their own black-and-white footage, including the overdone motif of Epperlein roaming her hometown carrying a large microphone as if it were a divining rod, makes for thin history but becomes commentary on itself. Epperlein and Tucker lament a people “stuck between an abandoned past and an unredeemed future.” The definitive irony is Karl Marx City’s evocation of the great b&w silent films of Fritz Lang (Spies, Metropolis, The Testament of Dr. Mabuse), which were themselves divining rods of German paranoia between the world wars. Lang’s underappreciated masterpieces also predicted the fear and suspicion that contemporary filmmakers haven’t yet grasped, except as irony.
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.
READ MORE



ARTICLE
The demise of the American Health Care Act, House speaker Paul Ryan and the White House’s ill-fated effort to reform Obamacare, has prompted a cascade of finger-pointing as Republicans try to assign blame for their recent embarrassment. The White House and much of the Republican establishment have settled on a familiar scapegoat: the famously stubborn 30 or so members of the House Freedom Caucus. On Thursday morning, President Trump tweeted: “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
We have been not infrequent critics of the Freedom Caucus, who often seem oblivious to Ronald Reagan’s observation that “my 80 percent friend is not my 20 percent enemy.” There is no doubt that members of the caucus can be frustrating and prone to an unrealistic tactical maximalism.
Yet in this latest episode, the Freedom Caucus was mostly in the right (and it wasn’t just them — members from all corners of the House GOP found it impossible to back the bill). The American Health Care Act was a kludge of a health-care policy. Described as a way to simultaneously repeal key elements of the Affordable Care Act and replace them with market-oriented reforms, the bill in its final form managed to do little of either. Freedom Caucus members were particularly concerned about the willingness of House leaders to leave the vast majority of Obamacare’s regulations on the books — after Republicans spent seven years promising that the party would “repeal and replace Obamacare.” Even the rationale that the AHCA would be better than nothing was hard to justify; it probably would have further destabilized the individual market, while millions fewer would have been insured.
No wonder that strong-arming on behalf of the bill didn’t work. According to news reports, in the final hours, the White House sent adviser Steve Bannon to tell obstinate Freedom Caucus members that they “have no choice” but to vote for the bill. It’s hard to imagine a less effective pitch to a group that has long accused Republican leaders of trying to coerce conservatives into falling in line against their principles.
In any case, the now-or-never rhetoric around the bill has now been exposed as a convenient exaggeration. The House is exploring whether it can revive the repeal-and-replace effort, as it should. Some members of the Freedom Caucus are demanding an immediate, straight-up repeal of the Affordable Care Act, or at least of its taxes and spending, which is unrealistic. But for all their reputed rigidity, most of the Freedom Caucus had accepted the inclusion in the Ryan bill of tax credits for people without access to Medicare, Medicaid, or employer-provided insurance — a policy that they had previously tended to oppose.
That the president has decided to declare war, at least rhetorically, on this bloc of his own party’s congressional majority is a reminder of one of the other key elements of the AHCA collapse: For all of the praise heaped on the president’s negotiating acumen, he has yet to demonstrate it in his dealings with Congress. Trump’s tweet has all the hallmarks of ineffectually blowing off steam, since it’s hard to imagine the president and his supporters following through with the organizing and funding it would take to try to take out conservative members representing deep-red districts. If Trump wants to win over the Freedom Caucus — and all the other members — who opposed the health-care legislation, the first step should be obvious, if more difficult and less satisfying than popping off on Twitter: Get them a better bill.
READ MORE EDITORIALS:



ARTICLE
I’ve heard numerous versions of this story, but I’ll go with the one reportedly told by Dr. Abraham Twerski, a renowned psychiatrist and Orthodox rabbi. (I’ve trimmed and paraphrased it a bit.)
The bearded Twerski goes to the airport in his Hasidic garb — the hat, the long coat, the buttoned white shirt. Another Jew, this one modernly dressed, is annoyed by Twerski and unloads on him: “What’s wrong with you? Must you insist on parading around in that medieval get-up as if it were Purim? Don’t you realize how ridiculous you look? You bring nothing but scorn and embarrassment upon us Jews!”
After letting the angry man continue for a while, Twerski says, “I fail to understand what thee art saying. You do realize that I’m Amish, don’t you?”
The modern Jew’s anger quickly turns to embarrassment. “Oh, I beg your pardon,” he says apologetically. “I didn’t realize that you were Amish. You look so much like those Hasidic fellows. You should know that I have nothing but respect for you and your people — keeping to your ways without bowing to society’s wills and whims.”
The kicker comes when Twerski says, “Aha! If I were Amish, you would have nothing but respect for me. But since I am a Jew, you are ashamed of me. Hopefully one day you will have the same respect for yourself that you have for others.”
But that’s not the moral of the story I have in mind.
The Washington Post ran a profile of Vice President Mike Pence’s wife, Karen, and lots of people are outraged or repulsed that two Evangelical Christians do things that are fairly normal for Evangelical Christians to do. Specifically, Mike Pence apparently doesn’t dine alone with women or attend events where alcohol is served if his wife doesn’t accompany him. Perhaps this practice started when he was in Congress, a place where many a politician has ruined his marriage and career by not following such rules.
In response, there’s been a lot of cheap mockery from prominent liberal writers and activists. It’s an affront to working women! He’s a Christian weirdo! He thinks a meal with any woman will lead to sex!
A lot of conservatives have leapt to the Pences’ defense — and rightly so. Mollie Hemingway of the Federalist concentrated on how these rules help prevent infidelity: “Good on Mike Pence for acknowledging these truths and knowing his limits.”
I agree. But it’s worth pointing out that infidelity needn’t be the issue. I doubt Pence would be a lothario save for those rules. Perhaps he followed them simply to reassure his wife?
Or maybe this is none of our business? That would certainly be the attitude of many liberals if Pence were a Democrat and had actually cheated on his wife.
Last summer, when Bill Clinton spoke about his wife at the Democratic convention (“In the spring of 1971, I met a girl . . . ”), liberals gushed at the “love story,” and the rule of the day was that marriage is complicated and the Clintons’ ability to stay married (though practically separated) was admirable. Besides, “Who are we to judge?” — no doubt Bill Clinton’s favorite maxim.
It’s a very strange place we’ve found ourselves in when elites say we have no right to judge adultery, but we have every right to judge couples who take steps to avoid it.
But ultimately, I don’t think the important double standard is about marriage or adultery. It’s about traditional Christians.
If the Pences were Muslims and followed similar rules, as devout Muslims indeed might, I doubt there’d be anything like this kind of liberal scorn.
Of course, that’s unknowable. But liberals spend a lot of time and energy defending accommodations for religious Muslims — burqas, veils, gender segregation, etc. — that they would never make for committed Christians.
Part of it is coalitional. For instance, the feminist march on Washington — the one with all those women wearing female-genitalia hats — was co-chaired by Linda Sarsour, a committed Muslim who at times defends sharia law (including the Saudi ban on female drivers, for instance).
But part of it strikes me as a crude form of partisan bigotry born of a kind of self-loathing of America’s traditional culture. Orthodox Muslim views on women are exotically “other” and somehow courageous, like the imagined Amish traveler. Orthodox Christians are embarrassing, like the Hasidic one.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Trumpism is in crisis.
This isn’t a function of poll numbers, or any melodrama of the past months, but something more fundamental: No officeholder in Washington seems to understand President Donald Trump’s populism or have a cogent theory of how to effect it in practice, including the president himself.
House speaker Paul Ryan isn’t a populist and doesn’t want to be a populist. He has spent his adult life committed to a traditional limited-government agenda. He crafted his own platform during the campaign, the so-called Better Way agenda, to differentiate congressional Republicans from Trump.
Trump, for his part, has lacked the knowledge, focus, or interest to translate his populism into legislative form. He deferred to others on legislative priorities and strategies at the outset of his administration, and his abiding passion in the health-care debate was, by all accounts, simply getting to a signing ceremony.
In light of all this, the product of the Ryan-Trump partnership was a health-care bill bizarrely at odds with a national election Republicans had just won on the strength of working-class voters. Under the GOP replacement, fewer people would have had coverage, and workers farther down the income scale would have been particularly hard hit. Neither of these facts seemed to exercise the White House, at least not enough to try to do anything to fix them.
Maybe Ryan doesn’t “get” the new political reality created by Trump’s victory, as the president’s boosters like to say. But what excuse does the president himself have for evidently not getting it, either?
A President Trump acting more in keeping with his free-floating reflex to take care of people, as expressed in speeches and interviews, would have pushed the health bill to the left. But Trump so far hasn’t followed the logic of his own politics in dealing with Congress.
His path not taken would have been to give an inaugural address with less carnage and more kumbayah. Immediately invite Chuck Schumer to the White House and tell him, “Chuck, you’re not leaving this building until we agree on an infrastructure package.” Take the resulting big-spending proposal and dare the GOP leadership to defy him. Pass it with a bipartisan coalition.
Now that the initial health-care bill has gone down, there’s loose talk from the White House of wooing Democrats, but a lot has transpired the past few months that makes this much harder. Most importantly, the left-wing “resistance” to Trump is fully activated and prepared to exact punishment on any quislings.
And Trump’s style of politics is not well-suited to bipartisanship. Democrats tend to be fond of Republicans like John Kasich and Jon Huntsman, who are determinedly inoffensive and loath to touch hot-button issues. Trump is neither. He could propose a $2 trillion infrastructure bill funded by forced requisitions from Wall Street bankers and Democrats would probably say, “Hell, no.”
In any case, the White House is moving on to tax reform. This, too, may end up running in well-worn GOP ruts. Trump executed a hostile takeover of a Republican party that was obsessed with the 1980s and cutting marginal tax rates. Now, the Republican Plan B is revisiting the tax reform of 1986 with ample cuts in marginal tax rates.
If things continue to go badly over this first year, it’s easy to see Trump turning to the New York Democrats in his White House. This would entail less emphasis on trade, immigration, and fights with the mainstream media, and more emphasis on a nonideological economic boosterism. The loose antecedent for this scenario is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, who swept into office in California as a drain-the-swamp reformer after winning a populist crusade, and then recalibrated to accommodate the system after suffering politically damaging setbacks.
The range of possible outcomes of the Trump presidency is still wide. Unexpectedly, one of them is that his most die-hard populist supporters will eventually be able to say that Trumpism, like socialism, hasn’t failed, it’s just never been tried.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) will not step down from the chairmanship of the House Intelligence Committee. He is the new target in an already long line of those targeted by the media for forced resignations — Stephen Bannon, the purported anti-Semite; Sebastian Gorka, the alleged closet Nazi; Jeff Sessions, the supposed Russian patsy; and now Devin Nunes, the purported partisan naïf.
Nor should he resign — especially given the wider and bewildering landscape of the politicization and corruption of the intelligence community over the last months and the dangerous state in which we all find ourselves vis-à-vis the intelligence agencies and the transition of presidential power.
Some salient points, all of which have been reported in the media, need to be reemphasized with two caveats: First, the central question remains who leaked what classified information for what reasons; second, since when is it improper or even unwise for an apprehensive intelligence official to bring information of some importance to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee for external review — in a climate of endemic distrust of all intelligence agencies?
 
Sources
An unidentified intelligence official, possibly, it is now reported, attached in some role to the White House, apparently contacted Nunes. We have no idea whether the source did so because he did not completely trust high-ranking intelligence officials, or because he did not yet have confidence in the experience of the new Trump administration to digest such information, or because he was caught up in internal politics or wished himself to adjudicate the veracity of a prior Trump tweet. We do know that he did not in this case leak classified information to the press (as have higher-up officials). In any case, the source sought to have Nunes confirm the authenticity of his information — which purportedly suggested improperly handled intelligence-agency intercepts of the Trump transition team. Reporters several times have asked Nunes whether the information he’d read had anything to do with the investigation into possible connection between the Trump associates and Russia. Nunes several times said no, as he did most recently:
Nunes also said that the surveillance shown to him “was essentially a lot of information on the President-elect and his transition team and what they were doing.” Further, he suggested that the surveillance may have involved high-level Obama officials. When a reporter at Nunes’s second March 22 press conference asked, “Can you rule out the possibility that senior Obama-administration officials were involved in this?” Nunes replied, “No, we cannot.”
Ipso facto these are startling disclosures of historical proportions — if true, of an anti-constitutional magnitude comparable to Watergate. Given the stakes, we should expect hysteria to follow, and it has followed.
 
No Transparency Goes Unpunished
Amid the current shouting, we nonetheless know that Nunes did not hide the fact that he had sought to adjudicate the validity of those explosive documents (with the original sources in the secure possession of the executive branch). And he did not hide the fact that he was going to notify the president of the United States of the extraordinary information about which he had knowledge. At his morning press conference, he said, “I will be going to the White House this afternoon to share what I know with the president and his team.”
Nunes quite transparently informed the press and the nation about exactly what he had done and also what he would do.
Such a bombshell disclosure redirected the dominant narrative away from one solely about Russian collusion (itself the theme of daily and unsubstantiated leaks) to the possibly illegal means of seeking to substantiate that rumor. But it also is not the sort of thing that a conservative politician wishes to do in the current media and political climate in Washington.
In other words, it would have been far easier — and probably politically safer — for Nunes to have adopted the usual D.C. modus operandi.
In cynical terms, as we have learned the last year, this mode goes something like the following:
Secretly meet with the official in question; do not check the authenticity of the documents; secretly meet with Trump about such new information; then leak the document (or, better yet, partially leak preferred excerpts of it) to the appropriately sympathetic media under the usual rubric of “an unidentified source with knowledge of sensitive intelligence matters,” and then, of course, deny, if asked, that he was the source of the leaks. (See the admissions of former Obama official Evelyn Farkas below for an abbreviated version of how this is done.) All that is the new normal.
Instead, Nunes was transparent, at least as much as an intelligence chairman might be expected to be without revealing the name of the government whistleblower (or his job title) who provided the chairman of the Intelligence Committee with such information. And he was candid to such a degree that he also reiterated multiple times that he had so far found no literal basis in the past or present for Trump’s Twitter allegation: “Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower.” Moreover, Nunes at no point said that de facto such surveillance was illegal, only that the full circumstances of how Trump people were monitored was more complex than and different from what had so far been leaked to the media and reported by them.
We can sense that even Nunes’s opponents were startled about his directness, given the hostile storyline that quickly surfaced, about a rural legislator (a “former dairy farmer”) from the Central Valley of California (one district over from my own) who was “over his head” in Washington. Fox News punditry essentially summarized his disclosures as politically self-destructive rather than opportunistic. Fury ensued over whether Nunes’s source was a staffer, a White House aide, an executive-branch intelligence officer, etc., and whether such a title did or did not contradict his earlier statement that he had not met with the White House — an odd obsession for reporters who jealously guard sources and have no desire to reveal the names or titles of those who for six months have leaked classified information to them.
Yet is it partisanship or leaking to have contradicted the literal allegations of the president of the United States and yet also to have informed the president of surveillance activities that were “used against President Trump and his associates” to collect “details with little apparent foreign intelligence value” that were then “widely disseminated”? All the while, Nunes was apprising the press of just those disclosures.
That all sounds a lot more like a Mr. Smith Goes to Washington figure than a sinister partisan seeking to subvert his own congressional investigation.
 
Lone Wolf?
Nunes did not act in lone-wolf fashion. At least according to press accounts, he first informed and got consent from members of the House leadership, including Paul Ryan and apparently Republican colleagues, informally, as well. He also told the press that he had informed both the CIA and NSA directors and intended to do the same with the FBI director — both about the nature of the information in his possession and his intent to verify it, disclose it to the president, and all the while inform the press of what he was doing and why. He later apologized to Democratic members of his committee that he had not initially apprised them of what he knew (more on that below). Ostensibly no one he briefed went on record to have him hold off from making public statements.
 
House of Mirrors
Nunes is currently not operating in a normal climate of trust. In today’s environment, one would have reason to doubt whether intelligence agencies would comply with requests for information or be transparent about what has happened over the past five to six months.
We still do not know why Nunes’s sources, if they worked in some capacity at the White House, felt they could not report directly to the president. Were they fearful that it would seem in-house investigating, or that their own information would or would not fully support Trump’s tweet? But surely it is important that knowledge of such information is now out, that it will be fully investigated by congressional committees, and that it might set the record straight about hearsay, five months of constant leaking, and media collusion in writing stories based on unidentified sources at intelligence agencies. Fear of all that drives the current frenzy.
If anyone were in Nunes’s position, he or she might doubt that the new Trump administration could fully trust Director Comey or others in the intelligence agencies to provide disinterested appraisals of such information, given that a number of intelligence officials may themselves, in theory, have been involved in the intercepts and their dissemination. He might advise that any possible sources connected even remotely to the White House should have disclosed the existence of such information to his boss. Nor would he necessarily believe that Representative Adam Schiff (D., Calif.) would be a reliable partner on the intelligence committee. Would Schiff remain silent about the true significance of such information while it was being distilled and examined by the committee, given his previous public insistence that the committee had new information incriminating the Trump administration — though to date Schiff has not presented such information or even characterized it?
Some notion of such intrigue, or rather the former nexus between Congress, the Obama administration, the intelligence agencies, and the monitoring of incoming Trump officials, was inadvertently disclosed recently by former Obama-administration Department of Defense deputy assistant secretary and current MSNBC commentator Evelyn Farkas. In an interview that originally aired on March 2 and that was reported on this week by Fox, Farkas seemed to brag on air about her own efforts scrambling to release information on the incoming Trump team’s purported talks with the Russians. Farkas’s revelation might put into context the eleventh-hour Obama effort to more widely disseminate intelligence findings among officials, one that followed even earlier attempts to broaden access to Obama-administration surveillance:
Here we see a former Defense Department official taking credit for urging the expansion and stepped-up dissemination of classified surveillance of the Trump transition team (“get as much information as you can”), and she is apparently unconcerned about the means used to attain that end. She seems to wish that members of Congress (“Hill people”) and others will have access to intercepts, but she expresses no worry over whether it was legal to do so and seems to wish that its political utility was maximized. She tells us this now, when she is a media pundit, though she remained silent about it when she worked for Hillary Clinton. Farkas finished her interview with co-host Mika Brzezinski with the odd repartee: “That’s why you have the leaking,” which sounds like a confession of the ideological fuel of those disclosures.
Note again that Farkas left the Defense Department in September 2015 and became an adviser to the Hillary Clinton campaign (which accused the Trump campaign of collusion with the Russians). One wonders how a political activist in 2016 was still influential enough to speed up the release of “what we knew.”
To quote what Churchill said of Russia, all this is “a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.” The current intelligence world is imploding. It’s also one in which former CIA director John Brennan is on record having misled the nation about the nature of the drone program and collateral damage. He was forced to apologize in his past for his agency’s intercepts of information on U.S. Senate computers. He has not been shy about criticizing the incoming president.
A former director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, is on record having lied to the Senate about the nature of NSA surveillance of American citizens. More than 50 intelligence analysts also faulted Clapper for improperly pressuring staffers to “cook” CENTCOM reports so they’d conform to predetermined administration narratives about the supposed positive progress of Obama’s efforts to defeat ISIS. On whose ultimate authority Clapper acted we do not know. He did not meet a Petraeus-like fate for misleading government officials. Clapper too is on record being harshly critical of the incoming president.
There is no need to rehash the strange political career of FBI director James Comey during the 2016 election. As Andrew McCarthy has noted in his recent NRO analyses, news accounts alleged that Comey’s FBI investigations of supposed contacts between General Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador were shared with Obama-administration officials — but why and how we are not sure. Comey himself was quick to note that his agency is investigating supposed collusion between Team Trump and Russia, but he refused to comment on whether or not the FBI is investigating possibly inappropriate or illegal intercepts of Trump officials and the surely illegal dissemination of intercepted info through leaks to favorable media.
Nunes in the past has said on the record that the FBI has not been prompt in complying with requests for information on its investigation of the intercepts concerning Flynn, Trump, and possible other Trump officials — and perhaps how such information was gathered, whether it was leaked, and on whose ultimate orders it was undertaken.
In addition, almost daily leaks and rumors continue, alleging that there is nebulous intelligence tying Trump to the Russians, even though intelligence officials have so far denied a factual basis for these allegations. Schiff, who is the leading Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee, has claimed that his committee has new evidence of Russian collusion with Team Trump, as reported on March 23; he says that the evidence warrants a grand-jury inquiry, but he has not substantiated such allegations. No one has suggested that Schiff resign for such preemptory disclosures or apologize for mischaracterizing committee business.
Given this bizarre house of mirrors, Nunes seems to have decided to bypass the usual intelligence channels and go instead directly to the press and the president. In this way, interested parties may examine for themselves the explosive information that was directed his way.
 
Let the Truth Decide
Now that news of these latest disclosures is in the public domain, their validity eventually will rise or fall on their own merits. I think the very point of Nunes’s public announcement was to warn that what has so far been leaked to news agencies is not necessarily the truth, and to prod reluctant and possibly politicized agencies to cooperate with the committee’s review — and thereby to get to the bottom of a strange and sad chapter in American history. He has likely succeeded, and we should expect lots of investigations about what was heretofore selectively and opportunistically leaked classified material.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
A five-year-old girl was suspended from her North Carolina elementary school for playing a game with a stick that looked like a gun, according to her mother.
Brandy Miller, the girl’s mother, told WRAL.com that her daughter Caitlin had been playing a game during recess at J. W. McLaughlin Elementary School where her friends were a princess and queen and she was the security guard with a gun-shaped stick. When another child on the playground came up to them, she pointed the stick at him as part of the game. That student told their teacher, and Caitlin was sent to the principal’s office for violating the school’s zero-tolerance policy — and as it turns out, she had apparently violated it so severely that it warranted a one-day suspension.
WRAL reports that Miller’s mom received a letter from the school explaining that Caitlin had been suspended for “turning a stick into a gun and threatening to shoot and kill other students.”
“One minute she’s playing with her friends and the next her teachers are dragging her to the principal’s office,” Miller told WTVD. “She’s confused. Nobody explained anything to her.”
Sorry, but this entire thing is completely ridiculous. Kids play these kinds of imaginative games all the time, and being a kid who plays these kinds of games is not the same thing as being a kid who is earnestly “threatening to shoot and kill other students.” But the district is insisting that the school did the right thing.
“It is our duty to ensure the safety of our students and staff,” Hoke County Schools said in a statement to WRAL. “Therefore, we respond to all threats in a serious manner and take appropriate action.”
But here’s the thing: This situation is the perfect example of what’s wrong with these kinds of zero-tolerance policies. They don’t allow for considerations on a case-by-case basis, which is ridiculous seeing as how every case is different, and this kind of punishment for a case that involved a five-year-old playing a game with a stick is clearly an obvious overreaction.
What good does it do to humiliate a student for playing a game that she didn’t even understand was wrong? After all, as Miller noted in a Facebook post as reported by the Washington Post, kids routinely play laser tag and games with nerf and squirt guns, and it makes complete sense that Caitlin would not have thought there was anything wrong with what she was doing. Why not just talk to her about it?
The school states that the intent behind its policy is to “ensure the safety of the students and staff,” but I am pretty sure that no one with a brain would tell you that a single person at the school would have been in any kind of danger had Caitlin been allowed to attend school the next day.
But do you know who it did hurt? Caitlin.
“She feels like all the teachers hate her,” Miller’s Facebook page stated. “I can’t imagine being 5 and feeling that way.”
Terrible, right? But hey — at least we can all sleep well knowing that the school is now protected from the serious threat of a five-year-old with an imagination.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
Sometimes the most mundane things can expose the vast and yawning gulf between the cultural and religious Right and the secular Left. Take, for example, this simple tweet from Washington Post White House reporter Ashley Parker:
She was noting one detail from a long and interesting profile of Karen Pence, and it struck me as a completely conventional and wise practice. In fact, I would have been surprised if he had any other policy, at least on dining alone. I don’t know a single prominent Evangelical leader or pastor who doesn’t govern their lives similarly — perhaps not with the identical policies, but still taking great care in their relationships with members of the opposite sex.
Others, mainly on the left, reacted as if Pence was a curiosity at best, and a misogynist at worst. I won’t round up all the tweets (Mollie Hemingway and Jason Howerton have numerous examples if you’d like to see them), but the New York Times’ Nate Cohn spoke for many when he tweeted: “The response to Pence’s unwillingness to be alone with women is, from my POV, the most surprising and eye-opening cultural divide in a while.”
Yes indeed, it should be eye-opening. Even in polarized times we often underestimate the difference in world view between many (certainly not all) Christians and many (certainly not all) secular progressives. Let me break this down as clearly as possible.
It’s too simple to say that orthodox Christians believe that man is fallen, that we’re all subject to temptation, and that precautions like the Pence family’s mainly represent prudence in action. The spiritual reality goes even deeper. Men and women were created to be together. The attraction between man and woman can’t be reduced to mere lust (though that certainly exists) but is instead rooted in their fundamental complementarity. In other words, when God said, “It is not good for man to be alone,” he wasn’t speaking of hanging with the guys at the gym.
Because of this powerful reality, when you put men and women together in intimate or intense situations, sexual relationships are inevitable. To be clear, it’s not inevitable that any given individual will have a relationship, but in the aggregate it will happen, and it will happen even in the face of rules, regulations, and social taboos.
Thus, Christians who refuse to recognize this reality and refuse to adjust their own behavior and family practices accordingly are foolish, naïve, or possibly arrogant. I’ve lived long enough already (I’m only 48) to see Christians live the entire cycle of bitterly earned experience — scoffing at their parents’ rules, living lives similar to their secular peers, and either falling themselves or seeing so many others fall that they return to their parents’ wisdom.
Many folks on the left, by contrast, find this entire line of thinking absurd. They don’t see men and women as “men and women” (what is gender anyway?) but as “people.” So it’s strange and sexist to say that two people can’t have dinner together on the same basis as any two other people — especially if that policy is perceived to place women at a professional disadvantage. (I’d contest the notion that Pence’s rules place anyone at a disadvantage. Indeed, placing proper boundaries around opposite-sex relationships can help cleanse the workplace of the sexual scandals that do more to inhibit professional women than any limitations on private dinners.)
Extending the Left’s argument further, it’s thus strange and sexist to argue that men and women can’t live and work side-by-side in any number of close and intense circumstances without causing sexual tension and drama. And if sexual tension and drama happen anyway, then that’s merely evidence of the persistent sexism that pervades the American workplace. Why can’t “people” just work together as professionals?
At the end of the day, two irreconcilable world views collide. Think of the extreme example — women in combat. Countless Christians and other cultural conservatives look at the Left’s argument and think, “Why do you want to infect infantry platoons with sexual tension?” In response, countless progressives think, “Why do those misogynists believe sexual tension is inevitable?” Or, perhaps, “If sexual tension occurs, we can stamp it out through better training and education” — rejecting the idea that they’re hopelessly pushing against human nature itself.
During the brief few days when I contemplated an independent run for president (did that really happen?), I was roundly mocked on Twitter after a Politico reporter found and tweeted an incomplete summary of the “rules” my wife and I jointly agreed upon during my deployment to Iraq. To put them simply, she agreed not to drink while I was away (I couldn’t drink while in Iraq, by military policy), we both agreed to be extremely careful about forming new friendships with people of the opposite sex, and we set boundaries on non-professional interactions with people on the Internet.
It was easier for me to comply than for her — I was part of an all-male unit at a remote Forward Operating Base — but I still stand by our rules not just as the best choice for our family but as a prudent consideration for other military families facing long deployments. I’ve seen too many good Army families break up to believe that the problem is simply lust or lack of self-control. There is extraordinary, natural power in emotional intimacy between men and women, and that intimacy is only enhanced in stressful times.
Now that I’ve returned home, my wife and I don’t live by the same rules we used when I was deployed, and we don’t govern our household the same way as the Pences, but we do still have our own guidelines. And they exist not just because they “work for us” but because they reflect deeper truth.
God made men and women for each other. People can and do reject that notion and emerge unscathed. People can understand that truth and still fall. Life can’t be reduced to formulas. But what do you do when you understand that truth? The Pences know. Most Christians know. To defy reality is to needlessly and arrogantly risk ruin. To understand reality is to embrace humility and prudence. The Pence family has made the right choice.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
We are witnesses to an abuse of power by government that represents a test of our democracy. Anyone who fails to rally to the cause of the Americans victimized in this case should be discredited.
Though I have not been shy about criticizing President Trump when I think he deserves it, he is not involved.
I refer to the Kafkaesque malfeasance by Xavier Becerra, attorney general of California. Becerra, for many years a Democratic congressman, is using his office to hound two citizen journalists. They came into his sights because their videos exposed the sickening reality behind the euphemistic surface of Planned Parenthood. Becerra and other abortion rights absolutists found this embarrassing. Why do I call it Kafkaesque? Because David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, who went undercover to reveal the law-breaking of Planned Parenthood, now find themselves, not Planned Parenthood, accused of 15 felony counts by the State of California.
Their crimes? Recording people without their consent. The editorial board of the Los Angeles Times, to its credit, has called this a “disturbing overreach.” And Kevin Drum of Mother Jones, while condemning Daleiden’s politics, has defended his rights, saying, “This was a legitimate investigation, and no level of government should be in the business of chilling it.”
Xavier Becerra is no stickler about secret recordings. In 2012, he relished the release of Mitt Romney’s surreptitiously recorded comments to donors in which he mentioned the “47 percent.” Romney had joked that if he were Hispanic, he’d win the election. Xavier Becerra didn’t seem concerned about Romney’s privacy rights when he rushed to the microphones to denounce the Republican: “The insult of all insults, Mitt Romney says if he was Latino he would win the presidential election, as if being Latino would have given him any advantage to win the White House.”
Could there have been a political motive? Consider that the prosecution began under Becerra’s predecessor, Kamala Harris (now California’s junior senator), whose website urged Californians to “support Planned Parenthood” (recusal anyone?) and who was not above sending police to raid not just Daleiden’s office, but his home, in search of video footage.
Let’s review. When the Daleiden videos were first released in 2015, they were so damning that Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards felt the need to release a video apologizing for the “tone and statements” of a Planned Parenthood executive. That was Dr. Deborah Nucatola, who said this about the techniques she uses to preserve body parts for donation (and sale): “We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.”
Daleiden’s group recorded dozens of hours of video at several abortion clinics. It’s a disgrace that no prosecutor followed up with charges against Planned Parenthood based on the evidence Daleiden obtained. The explicit haggling over the price of body parts should have been enough to at least get started.
And it is a scandal that most of what Daleiden documented is legal. I personally will never forget the images of those tiny baby parts being picked over with a tweezer on a light table. How atrophied does your human sympathy have to become to push human remains (excuse me, “tissue”) about as if they were frog cadavers? And the callous insouciance of the Planned Parenthood doctors and other employees who spoke of getting “intact calvariums” (heads) and other specimens was enough to nauseate a neutral observer.
That’s why Planned Parenthood has circulated the false story that the videos were “deceptively edited.” Alexandra DeSanctis debunked that fiction. Planned Parenthood has resorted to lies about its grisly trade for many years. Recall that in 1995, Ron Fitzsimmons acknowledged that the entire abortion industry, of which he was a part, had “lied through [our] teeth” about partial-birth abortion.
The lying is a civic hygiene problem. But what is happening to David Daleiden goes beyond that. This is a political vendetta and thus a malicious prosecution. Yes, California law forbids recording a person without his consent. But there are exceptions, as the LA Times editorial noted, in cases of public interest. Thus, ABC News, among others, has done covert investigations of various entities without risking retaliation from the attorney general. Animal-rights activists who’ve gone undercover to reveal the mistreatment of chickens have not been prosecuted. But then, baby chicks are defenseless.
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
I wrote for Politico today about how no officeholder in Washington apparently has any idea how Trump’s populism should be reflected in a legislative agenda:



ARTICLE
The March 2017 No Good Deed Goes Unpunished Award goes to Mr. Robert Eitel, Esq.
Eitel is an attorney in Virginia. He moved there after Hurricane Katrina swept him and his family from their home in Slidell, La. He soon bounced back and became the second-ranking lawyer in President George W. Bush’s Education Department.
After the Bush years, Eitel represented a number of legal clients, including Bridgepoint Education, Inc., which operates several for-profit universities.
Eitel recently decided to do some good for our country by serving on the “landing team” that is helping the Trump administration ease its transition into the U.S. Department of Education.
And that’s when the ingratitude and abuse began.
The staff of America’s execrable former “Paper of Record” rolled out one of their typical “news story” attack pieces. They blasted Eitel for having what they, with their warped mindset, consider a conflict of interest.
Never mind that Eitel was on leave from Bridgepoint, and that he cleared his former Bridgepoint legal work with the Education Department’s Office of Ethics. In fact, he reportedly consulted with ethics authorities at Education on February 14, 16, and 21. But, Pravda on the Hudson insinuates, the mere fact that Eitel huddled with the Office of Ethics proves that he is corrupt. By that logic, if Eitel had visited his physician for an annual checkup, that alone would demonstrate that he is riven with disease.
And, of course, if Eitel had not spoken with the Office of Ethics, his critics would showcase that as evidence of corruption. There is simply no way for conservatives to win when it comes to the Left and its sinking “journalistic” flagship.
Most puzzling is Senator Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.). Fauxcahontas barked at DeVos during her confirmation hearings to become Secretary of Education: “You have no personal experience with college financial aid or management of higher education.”
Now, Warren has written in a letter to DeVos, Eitel’s work as a “compliance officer for for-profit colleges [raises] concerns about whether [he] would be able to advise you in an objective fashion on higher education matters.” In short: Eitel has too much personal experience in higher education.
So, in the world according to Elizabeth Warren, one should have experience in higher education but not have experience in higher education.
I met Bob Eitel when we both were freshmen at Georgetown University in 1982. In the times we have spoken since we graduated in 1986, Bob has remained the gentleman I remember from our four years on campus: low-key, sober, quietly amiable, and moderately conservative — surely in style and evidently in substance.
As our mutual friend Quin Hillyer has written to defend Bob against these absurd and fabricated accusations: “Bob Eitel is exactly the sort of man — studious, thoughtful, accomplished, unselfish, honest — we should want as a close adviser to a Cabinet member.”
For her part, Washington Post columnist Jennifer Rubin has been equally baffled by this invented non-issue. “What, then, is a public-spirited official to do?” Rubin wondered on March 21. “If someone with relevant experience and the right background wants to serve, and goes above and beyond ethics requirements, they will soon learn there is no way to be hired without being accused of impropriety. As a result, qualified and ethical people won’t serve.”
President Donald J. Trump has some 1,000 or so political vacancies to fill across the Obama-infused federal bureaucracy. Eitel’s treatment — for doing nothing other than devoting himself to the American people — presents a needlessly discouraging Help Wanted sign to others.
And maybe that’s why the Trump-hating Left is trying to create a scandal where none exists.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online.



ARTICLE
In a follow-up to last May’s announcement of penalties for students who choose to join officially unrecognized single-gender social organizations, including fraternities, sororities, and final clubs (all of which are off-campus and receive no university resources), Harvard College dean Rakesh Khurana has released the long-awaited report of the committee that is designing the policy.
The report recommends that members of these groups be denied an even larger number of scholarships, fellowships, and awards than originally planned, most prominent among them the Rhodes and Marshall Scholarships. Members will also be ineligible to lead athletic teams or recognized student organizations, and to receive post-graduate fellowships. Harvard has thus conferred second-class status on students who choose to join outside groups of which it disapproves — a dangerous precedent that could be punish members of any groups deemed “unworthy” or “unrepresentative” of the university’s mission.
The Implementation Committee that wrote the report defended its decision, claiming that it is noble to be “intolerant of intolerance.” But there is nothing inherently intolerant about wanting to spend your free time in a single-gender environment. Harvard President Drew Faust should know this better than most: As an undergrad, she attended the all-female Bryn Mawr College. And yet she seems determined to eradicate much less extreme single-gender environments at Harvard.
There’s plenty such hypocrisy to go around here, of course. Take, for example, the report’s disparate treatment of women’s and men’s organizations. Khurana’s e-mail to students states that “historical inequities faced by women in College social life may require that we provide additional resources for certain organizations to transition into inclusive organizations,” addressing the report’s endorsement of “continuing to allow the female final clubs and sororities to operate with gender focused missions, with the understanding that the positive contributions of those organizations to the campus community would be assessed in three to five years.” Men’s groups will not be similarly allowed to continue their operations, although existing, recognized single-gender groups, including the Black Men’s Forum and the Asian American Women’s Association, will not be affected at all because they are already under the university’s jurisdiction.
The university has also put a freeze on the filing of applications for official recognition by new student organizations during the spring 2017 term, so that students involved in lesser-known unrecognized organizations will not be able to gain recognition, and therefore exemption from the penalties, before they are put in place this fall.
While Harvard’s leadership rarely answers to anyone for its actions, the sanctions have nevertheless faced more resistance than the administration publicly recognizes. Students’ ability to respond was initially stunted by the strategic timing of the announcements — May’s decree occurred at the start of final exams, and March’s during midterms — but in a November student-body referendum, two-thirds of voters expressed a desire to repeal the sanctions. This refutes the report’s assertion that there is a “clear consensus” on campus that the status quo is untenable. A number of faculty members have also criticized and questioned the policy, though the faculty as a whole has left its decision on the policy to a Faculty Committee tasked with analyzing the new report.
This is a university that claims to accept students it deems uniquely able to excel and grow during their college years, a university that last year accepted only 5.4 percent of applicants. And yet administrators are imposing these overbearing and paternalistic sanctions on students in the name of “inclusion.” This latest salvo in Harvard’s unending battle to weed out student activity that offends liberal ideas of “community” is unworthy of the university and its students.
— Emily Hall is a member of Harvard University’s class of 2018.



ARTICLE
How many times can one presidential administration end life as we know it? Buckle up, friends, because we’re about to find out.
Well, scratch that. Unless you’re professionally required to follow the crazed and breathless ins and outs of today’s by-the-minute news cycle, you’ve probably already tuned out most of the ruckus. Based on dozens of conversations with friends and acquaintances of various political stripes, this seems to be a popular move.
“It’s exhausting to try to follow the news.” “I’m paying much less attention than I used to.” “I don’t even know what’s real.” I’ve heard all three lines repeatedly, and if this also sums up your personal approach to politics and media in 2017 — a year that has offered a general mélange of panic topped with garnishes of palace intrigue paired with spurts of random outrage over one thing after another — congratulations! If you’re reading this, it means you’re still alive, and have survived the approximately 5,000 world-ending decisions that the Trump administration has supposedly made thus far this year.
The Russians, at least as far as I know, have not yet taken over. Faced with budget challenges and various logistical challenges, including the fact more than 1,000 miles of our border with Mexico is actually a river, it seems that Trump’s much-decried Great Wall of America could be slowly shuffled off into the “it seemed like a good idea at the time, but maybe not really” pile. When it comes to health care, congressional Republicans seem to be in the political equivalent of that one unlucky bumper car that gets stuck in the corner, no matter which way you steer. As Francis Fukuyama addressed the panic in Politico this week: “Trump’s a dictator? He can’t even repeal Obamacare.”
But never mind. Back to the news! “President Trump Risks the Planet,” The New York Times declared on Tuesday, in the wake of Trump’s executive order rolling back Obama-era climate regulations. (This seems an overly optimistic view of the U.S. government’s power to micromanage the same global mechanism that brought us the Ice Age, but let’s go with it for now.) With his characteristic flair for the dramatic, filmmaker Michael Moore took the idea to its logical endpoint on Twitter: “Historians in the near future will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began, thanks 2 Donald Trump.” (Moore’s casual “2,” unfortunately, negated his tweet’s otherwise somber and compelling tone, much as the “2”s in 2 Fast 2 Furious surely weakened its otherwise airtight grip on the Oscar for Best Picture. Many readers also helpfully pointed out to Moore that in the scenario he described, future disapproving historians would be extinct, too, unless they were robots, aliens, or immortal. Details, details.)
New York magazine, meanwhile, has kept a running tally of “All the Terrifying Things That Donald Trump Did Lately,” which unintentionally offers a master class in the media’s classic problem with covering Donald Trump: If everything is terrifying, then nothing is terrifying. Was Trump’s push for a mess of a replacement health-care bill sinister and nightmarish, or a textbook political misfire? Surprise, surprise: It’s on New York’s “terrifying” list. What about the specter of cutting government funding to Meals on Wheels, which ended up raising the group’s overall visibility, bringing in a flood of private donations? Also “terrifying,” at least according to New York.
At a certain point, unless things change, we’re all going to run out of eye rolls.
“This is what it’s like to experience true dissonance,” Buzzfeed’s Katherine Miller wrote this week. “There’s so much discordant noise that just making out each individual thing and tracking its journey through the news cycle requires enormous effort. It’s tough to get your bearings.” Miller was largely referring to social media, but the same holds true for much of the news these days: “Trying to find your way under the crush — to determine the truth amid the complexities of protocols, regulations, legislation, ideology, anonymous sources, conflicting reports, denials, public statements, tweets — it’s too much. We can’t live like that!”
Many Americans have decided, quite simply, that they won’t live like that. They’re tuning out, and that’s bad news for Americans of all political persuasions. But the media’s current modus operandi — a flurry of panic, too quick to process, tossed out on social media before stories are completely cooked — seems unsustainable. If and when it corrects itself, it will be a very good thing indeed.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist.



ARTICLE
The Senate’s coming confirmation of Neil Gorsuch will improve the Supreme Court, and Democrats’ incontinent opposition to him will inadvertently improve the Senate — if Republicans are provoked to thoroughly reform the filibuster. If eight Democrats will not join the 52 Republicans in providing 60 votes to end debate and bring Gorsuch’s nomination to a vote, Republicans should go beyond extending to Supreme Court nominees the prohibition of filibusters concerning other judicial nominees. Senate rules should be changed to rectify a mistake made 47 years ago.
There was no limit on Senate debate until adoption of the cloture rule empowering two-thirds of senators present and voting to limit debate. This occurred on March 8, 1917 — 29 days before Congress declared war on Germany — after a filibuster prevented a vote on a momentous matter, the Armed Ship Bill, which would have authorized President Woodrow Wilson to arm American merchant ships. (He armed them anyway.)
In 1975, imposing cloture was made easier by requiring a vote of three-fifths of the entire Senate, a change the importance of which derived from what Majority Leader Mike Mansfield (D., Mont.) did in 1970: He created the “two-track” system whereby the Senate, by unanimous consent or the consent of the minority leader, can set aside a filibustered bill and move on to other matters. Hitherto, filibustering senators had to hold the floor, testing their stamina and inconveniencing everyone else to encourage the majority to compromise. In the 52 years after 1917, there were only 58 cloture motions filed; in the 46 years since 1970 there have been 1,700.
Wisdom about the filibuster comes today from the other side of the Capitol, where House rules make filibustering impossible. Representative Tom McClintock, a conservative California Republican, writing in Hillsdale College’s publication Imprimis, praises the Senate tradition that “a significant minority should be able to extend debate” in order to deepen deliberation. Post-1970 filibusters, however, are used to prevent debate. As McClintock says, “the mere threat of a filibuster suffices to kill a bill as the Senate shrugs and goes on to other business.” 
McClintock urges the Senate to make a “motion to proceed” to consideration of a bill undebatable and hence immune to filibustering: “Great debates should be had on great matters — but not great debates on whether to debate.” And he says the Senate should abandon the two-track system. This would prevent the Senate from conducting other business during a filibuster but would require filibusterers to hold the floor. As he says, it was this mutual inconvenience that, between 1917 and 1970, made filibusters rare and that intensified the pressure to resolve the impasse by way of compromise.
As a result of today’s Senate paralysis, McClintock says, “The atrophy of the legislative branch drives a corresponding hypertrophy of the executive branch.” The promiscuous use of faux filibusters — requiring 60 votes to proceed with consideration of, or votes on, ordinary legislation — blurs the implicit constitutional principle that extraordinary majorities are required only for extraordinary matters, such as proposing constitutional amendments, overriding vetoes, and ratifying treaties.
The trivialization of filibusters — no longer requiring them to be strenuous and disruptive events — has deprived them of dignity. Restoring them to what they were would affirm the principle that majoritarianism — simply counting numbers, government by adding machine — should be tempered by a reformed filibuster as a mechanism for measuring the intensity of a minority’s opposition to a majority position. The Constitution affirms the power of each house of Congress to “determine the rules of its proceedings,” so any Senate procedures are compatible with the Constitution’s text. But the practices made possible by the post-1970 rules have contributed to institutional disequilibrium, destabilizing the Constitution’s design by inciting a dangerous expansion of presidential power. Hence Georgetown law professor Randy Barnett and The Weekly Standard’s Jay Cost urge forbidding filibusters of appropriations bills:
Democrats have discovered that if they block individual appropriations bills, the entire operation of government will inevitably be rolled into an omnibus appropriations bill, and the majority must either accept it in toto or face a partial shutdown of the government. This maneuver has largely eliminated Congress’s ability to discipline the executive via line-item spending cuts.
Certainly the filibuster fits a non-majoritarian institution in which 585,501 Wyomingites have as much representation as do 39,250,017 Californians. Besides, filibusters delay but do not defeat political processes: Can anyone name anything that a majority of Americans have desired, strongly and protractedly, that has been denied to them because of a filibuster?
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
Like Jack Fowler a couple of years before me, I met Linda Bridges for the first time with Priscilla Buckley when I came to NR to interview for a summer editorial internship. Unlike Jack, I would not have been startled by any manner of eccentric dress — I came from a college where idiosyncrasy was commonly cultivated. What did stand out to me in that interview was Priscilla’s and Linda’s laughter, which always seemed to extend a little longer than one would expect from the joke, and which I found an unexpected feature of a job interview. Laughter is a very fitting thing to remember; Priscilla and Linda loved to see the humor in things, and in the days I worked there the editorial offices were always filled with laughter.
I was blessed to be given the summer job, and ended up staying happily for a couple of years. A few years later, when I was not sure what I wanted to do next, Linda talked to Priscilla and made room for me at the magazine again, for another year. The wages were meager, and the reward was to be able to work with the amazing people of NR — particularly, for me, with Linda, who was the heart that drove the production of the magazine.
The rest of us tried; really we did. But when Linda took off for one of her vacations (skiing at Cortina in Italy or attending the Shakespeare festival at Stratford, Ontario), the magazine was never quite as well done. We would get letters to the editor from readers pointing out typographical errors and, worse, errors of grammar or of fact. Linda was brilliant. She was always kind, and she and I were kindred spirits in many ways, both having studied Latin and loving the English language and conservative principles, but every once in a while she would cast her piercing look at me, and I would realize how ignorant I was.
She knew about almost everything. Once she confessed to having spent an unusual evening with friends while conversation focused on a subject of which she was ignorant, and she asked me to guess what it could have been. I thought, sports? But no. Linda could have talked baseball with anyone. I gave up. The answer? Bruce Springsteen. I can’t think of many other topics Linda would not have been ready to discuss.
Linda treasured people. Yes, everyone will remember the manual typewriter on her desk, but in the back of her office she also had a huge chest of old-fashioned lead type and I suppose an entire Linotype machine — something she had salvaged from her earliest days at NR, when part of the biweekly routine had been a trip to Connecticut to proofread the magazine in its metal typeset form. Admittedly, she did collect things, probably more than was good for her, but when I asked her about the reason for keeping all the type, she would start to tell me about the typesetters up in Connecticut. The metal type was beautiful and valuable to her in itself, but also as an emblem of the people who had set it, and whom she had come to know and love. She became the embodied archive of NR memory because she didn’t want any of its idiosyncratic and original people to be forgotten.
It’s hard to write about Linda without writing more about myself than seems appropriate, and I think that’s because she was such a great and good friend. Although as assistant managing editor she was my “boss,” she made room for me in her life, and lunches with Linda and drinks one night a week with her roommate Alice and their friend Maureen became a part of my life. Over the first years of our friendship, she listened kindly and objectively as I gradually and by fits and starts decided that a career in the world she loved and inhabited was not appropriate for me. And for years after I left New York and NR, I would make trips “home” to NR, to visit her.
In those days, Linda was an active member of the C. S. Lewis Society and described herself as a “Catholic fellow traveler,” an expression that, as the keeper of NR’s oral history, she would conscientiously credit to its originator. (Now that she is gone, no one will be able to correct me if I am wrong in guessing that the phrase was Bill Rusher’s.) However, it turned out that she had never been baptized. I was touched when, more than a decade after I had first met her, she invited me to sponsor her at her baptism. So, oddly, she was both my mentor and my godchild. She was baptized at the Episcopal Church of St. Mary the Virgin in New York, in 1995. Years later it seemed only fitting that I should ask her to be a godmother to my daughter. Once baptized, Linda threw herself into the life of her parish, and I am confident that she prayed faithfully for my child.
Linda spent little of her adult life around children, and I thought it likely that she would become more of a friend to my daughter now, as my daughter matures. I also always thought that I could make just one more trip “home” to New York, for drinks with Linda and to laugh with her and learn a little more, as I did almost every time we visited. Instead, I was busy with my life, and had been out of touch, and I gather that she lived through a very difficult last year, for which I am so sorry. It is a comfort to know that toward the end she was cared for by her NR friends and colleagues and her fellow parishioners, who were family to her. Although she was relatively young, many of the people she loved the most had already died, and I imagine she must have been in some ways ready to go. I’d like to think of her now looking down on us, loving all of us, and laughing a little longer than everyone else.
— Lacey Washington is an associate professor in the Department of Radiology at Duke University.



ARTICLE
An Instagram post showed Kim Kardashian with her hair pulled back into a bun using a headband of bobby pins – and the Internet is freaking out that it’s appropriating Caribbean culture.
Kardashian’s stylist, Chris Appleton, posted the photo on his account, and it didn’t take long for Instagram commenters to freak out, according to a post on the issue in Allure. (The comments seem to have since been deleted.)
Khalea Underwood, a columnist for Refinery29, also weighed in:
“I was a little bit stirred when Kim Kardashian’s glam squad posted her latest hairstyle a few days ago,” Underwood wrote. “It was one that a few Internet sites were quick to cover.”
“They called it ‘high fashion,’ ’edgy,’ and ‘pretty’ – and one even named it a ‘bobby pin headband,’” she continued. “Let’s make one thing clear: that’s a doobie wrap.”
A “doobie wrap,” Underwood explained, “is a protective style popular in the Caribbean and is worn to help maintain a blowout on textured or curly hair.”
“So what’s the problem? Like all cultural-appropriation issues, it’s about giving credit where credit is due,” Underwood stated.
But here’s the thing. Even though, in the beginning of her article, Underwood said she wanted to make it “clear” that the style was a “doobie wrap,” she said at the end of her article that she wasn’t “totally certain if Kim’s hairstylist was necessarily going for a doobie on purpose, especially because she had a low bun in the back. But you can’t deny the similarities.”
Similarly, according to Devon Abelman’s column in Allure, “the issue here isn’t the accuracy: It’s the fact that she’s once again being credited (whether intentionally or inadvertently) with originating a style that was created by and for women who’ve been doing it for a long, long time.”
First of all, neither Appleton nor Kardashian claimed to have invented this style in the first place. And yes, Appleton may call it a “bobby pin headband” and not a “doobie wrap,” but both columnists admit that Kardashian’s hairstyle is, in fact, not the same thing.
So, what they are saying is that even though it is not the same thing — and Kardashian’s stylist was using the bobby pins to adorn a bun instead of to preserve a blowout — it’s still cultural appropriation? How far does this go? I wear bobby pins sometimes, if I happened to wear too many around the sides of my head, then would that be a problem, too? Is there, like, a numerical limit of bobby pins I’m allowed to put on the side of my head without having to give a shout-out to the Caribbean? What about the hideous, sparkly butterfly clips that I used to wear in some kind of weird halo around my head in middle school? They weren’t exactly bobby pins, sure, but they served the same function — is that also not okay?
Let’s say a white-owned restaurant invents a new, hipster-eqsue food that looks kind of like a taco. It’s shaped like a taco, but it uses lettuce instead of a shell, and some sort of vegan-substitute instead of meat, and some kind of edible sparkles instead of cilantro and onion, and the restaurant calls it a “sparkly lettuce smiley face.” Would that restaurant be obligated to include a disclaimer in its Instagram caption of the dish stating: “We understand that this may resemble a taco, and we, as white people, acknowledge that we did not invent the taco”? Honestly, given how big of an issue cultural appropriation has become with food — students at Oberlin College even said that the school’s cafeteria sushi was cultural appropriation because, essentially, it was bad sushi — I wouldn’t be surprised. But is that the world we really want to live in? After all, as being far from the first humans on earth, everything modern has some sort of root in something ancient. According to this logic, I wouldn’t be able to post a selfie wearing a new style of hoop-shaped earrings with the caption “Look at these new hoops!” without adding “Note: This style of jewelry originates in ancient Greek, Roman, and Sumerian cultures.” Sorry, but I don’t think it’s all that hard to see just how insane that sounds.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
On Monday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that to be eligible for Department of Justice grant money, local jurisdictions will have to certify that they are in compliance with federal immigration law. This has come as an outrage to elected officials in several “sanctuary cities,” including Los Angeles, Chicago, and New York, who have declared plans to buck the administration and potentially sue.
The attorney general’s announcement is, in reality, not news. He has simply reiterated an element of President Trump’s executive order aimed at “enhancing public safety in the interior of the United States,” signed on January 25.
And the law is on his side. The relevant statute reads:
To be clear, this is not a blanket prohibition on all policies associated with sanctuary cities. But localities that specifically forbid their officials to provide information to federal immigration authorities are violating the black-and-white letter of the law. A report from the Department of Justice’s inspector general last year found that sanctuary cities such as Chicago are running afoul of this statute. It is entirely appropriate for the federal government to make law-enforcement funding conditional on jurisdictions not themselves ignoring the law.
The Obama administration encouraged sanctuary cities, and President Trump is right to push in the opposite direction. The more than 300 sanctuary jurisdictions across the country release thousands of illegal immigrants subject to deportation back onto the streets every year, at a risk to public safety. Recall that the illegal immigrant who killed Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco in 2015 had seven felony convictions and had been deported five times previously; at the time of the killing, he was facing a sixth deportation order. Even as Democrats at all levels of government declare their support for deporting known criminals, sanctuary-city policies keep those individuals out of the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
More fundamentally, it is impossible to have a truly effective regime of interior enforcement if localities aren’t willing to cooperate with the federal government even when it comes to illegal immigrants who have been arrested for committing crimes.
The Justice Department plans to award about $4.1 billion in grants in the current fiscal year, according to Sessions. In places like New York City and Los Angeles, some of that grant money goes toward valuable services, so Democrats are balking at what one California state senator is calling “blackmail.” But there’s no blackmail here. Every jurisdiction can benefit from the Justice Department’s largesse, provided they do what they should have been doing all along: enforce the law.



ARTICLE
Check out the latest episode of The Editors, in which Rich Lowry, Reihan Salam, Ian Tuttle, and Charlie Cooke discuss Susan Rice, Neil Gorsuch, and more!



ARTICLE
On Tuesday, in a National Review Online column, I contended that the reported involvement of former national-security adviser Susan Rice in the unmasking of Trump officials appears to be a major scandal — it suggests that the Obama White House, of which she was a high-ranking staffer, abused the power to collect intelligence on foreign targets, by using it to spy on the opposition party and its presidential candidate.
It should come as no surprise that the defense Ms. Rice and Obama apologists are mounting is heavily reliant on a fact that is not in dispute: viz., that the intelligence collection at issue was legal.
I anticipated that line of argument a week ago. The issue is not technical legality, it is monumental abuse of power.
To analogize, if a judge imposed a 20-year jail term on a man for passing a marijuana cigarette to a second man, the sentence would be perfectly legal — a distribution of a Schedule I narcotic drug controlled substance calls for a sentence of up to 20 years’ imprisonment, see 21 U.S.C. §841(b)(1)(C). Nevertheless, the sentence would also be an outrageous abuse of judicial power. A judge who did such a thing would be unfit — worthy of condemnation, if not impeachment.
Abuses of power are offenses against the public trust. They often overlap with a criminal offense, but they are not the same thing as a criminal offense. For example, a politician who accepts money in exchange for political favors commits both the crime of bribery and an impeachable offense of corruption. The jurors in the bribery case need not find that the politician breached his public trust; they need only find an intentional quid pro quo — payoff in exchange for favor. By contrast, the breach of public trust is central to the impeachment case: To remove the pol from office, there would be no need to prove the legal elements of a criminal bribery charge beyond a reasonable doubt, but it would have to be demonstrated that the politician is unfit for office. If it is a petty bribe, a prosecutor might ignore it, but the public should want to throw the bum out.
This is why a “high crime and misdemeanor” — the constitutional standard for impeachment — need not be an indictable criminal offense. It may be a chargeable crime, but it need not be one.
A famous example (though one not much remarked on during the last several years) is the second article of impeachment against President Richard M. Nixon. It alleged (my italics):
The impeachment allegation went on to describe how Nixon had, among other things, directed the FBI, CIA, and IRS to investigate innocent Americans for reasons unrelated to national security or law enforcement. For the most part, these directives were not violations of penal statutes. But they were, individually and collectively, heinous abuses of presidential power warranting impeachment.
If the new reporting is to be believed, Rice orchestrated the unmasking of communications involving the Democrats’ political rivals — the Trump campaign. Her current stress on the lawfulness of the intelligence collection is a straw man. No credible commentator is claiming (based on what we currently know) that the intelligence-collection activities of the FBI, CIA, and NSA were illegal. As I explained yesterday in my aforementioned column, the surveillance and collection operations were undertaken pursuant to statute (the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) as well as to the president’s constitutional authority to collect foreign intelligence (the exercise of which authority is laid out in a longstanding executive order, EO 12,333).
The allegation against Rice and the Obama administration is that the unmasking of Trump-campaign and transition officials appears — cumulatively, and probably in many specific instances of it — to have run afoul of minimization instructions. These instructions are proposed by the Justice Department and ordered by the FISA court.
To discuss non-compliance with minimization instructions in the context of crime is a fool’s errand. Violating minimization instructions applicable to electronic surveillance is not a crime. Nothing unusual about that. Not every offense against laws, court orders, regulations, guidelines, etc., is a crime. Most law violations, in fact, are not crimes.
Moreover, the standard articulated in the minimization instructions is too vague to predicate criminal liability. It requires the masking (or concealment) of the identity of any American incidentally intercepted unless the intelligence value of an intercepted communication cannot be understood without knowing the American’s identity. Within reasonable parameters, that is a subjective judgment call. The criminal law is not for judgment calls. Its provisions must be precise, putting people on clear notice of exactly what is proscribed. Reasonable minds can differ on how much identifying information about an incidentally intercepted American is necessary before the intelligence value of a lawfully intercepted communication can be fully understood. That’s not the stuff of crime.
But the technical legality of any particular instance of unmasking is beside the point. The question is abuse of power.
Here, it is critical to bear in mind something that can easily be forgotten. The sole purpose of foreign intelligence collection is to understand the actions and intentions of foreign powers and their operatives. If the government’s purpose is to understand the actions and intentions of American citizens, there are two proper ways to go about that: (a) conduct a criminal investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause of a crime, or (b) conduct a FISA investigation in which the American citizens can be targeted for court-authorized surveillance based on probable cause that they are acting as agents of a foreign power.
If neither of those two alternatives is chosen, then the American citizens are not supposed to be the subject of the intelligence collection effort — they are supposed to be protected. The snooping to which they are subjected is an incidental byproduct (i.e., an unintentional albeit inevitable consequence) of snooping on foreign powers. The incidental snooping deprives them of privacy protections rooted in law — the requirement that the government obtain a judicial warrant before seizing and eavesdropping on their communications. The law allows this to happen, but only if post hoc safeguards are applied.
That is why, as Director James Comey testified before Congress, the FBI is “obsessive” about concealing the identities of Americans. That is why unmasking is a big deal.
When an American is intercepted, the collecting agencies (FBI, CIA, and NSA) don’t shrug their shoulders and say, “Well, we could provide a marginally better understanding of the meaning of this communication if we revealed the name of the American.” Their practice is more along the lines of: “We don’t reveal the names unless it is absolutely necessary to understanding the communication, and even then, we prefer to use some substitute (e.g. ‘American Diplomat No. 1’) rather than the actual name.” The agencies take this position not because they are good, honorable people (though most of them are). They take it because it is in the interest of successfully carrying out their national-security mission. They know that if they fail to protect the identities and privacy of Americans, and the inevitable scandal arises, an irate public will demand that Congress curtail their spying powers.
On the other hand, anyone can make a mistake. A failure to unmask an American’s identity when knowing it would be essential to an understanding of some crucial bit of foreign intelligence could have disastrous consequences. That is why consumers of intelligence sometimes – very rarely, but sometimes — ask the collectors to unmask. Even though the collecting officials know more about their investigations than do consumers (e.g., White House staffers on the National Security Council) of their intelligence reports, it is always possible that the consumers could notice something the collectors missed. Or they could think of an intelligence angle that didn’t occur to the collectors.
So with all this gray area, how do we know whether unmasking is a massive abuse of power or a perfectly appropriate exercise of discretion? We apply common sense.
Was the questionable unmasking a single, isolated instance, or was it part of a pattern?
Did the communications in question have real foreign intelligence value, or were they just blather in which Americans participated or were mentioned — such that it might appear that unmasking the Americans was the objective of the collection effort, not something that was “incidental”?
Was there a series of unmaskings of a particular American or group of Americans? After all, it would not seem very “incidental” to collect and unmask the very same people again and again — that would look more like targeting.
Were standards applied consistently: Was the same unmasking protocol applied to all Americans with equal rigor, or does it appear that some Americans — like maybe . . . Americans connected to Trump — were given less protection than others?
While the unmasking was going on, was an unprecedented presidential decision made to disseminate intelligence information very widely across the “community” of 17 intelligence agencies, including to officials with no obvious need to know?
And while that was going on, were administration officials (including some former ones, like Evelyn Farkas, who left the administration to join the Clinton campaign), pressuring Congress to seek as much disclosure from intelligence community as possible regarding Trump?
Whether we are dealing with a major abuse-of-power scandal or not depends on the answers to those questions. Contrary to Susan Rice’s latest version of events, it has little or nothing to do with whether laws were broken.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As partisan warfare escalates in the Senate, members of that distinguished body seem to be in a race to see who can best make Saul Goodman — of Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul fame — seem a comparative model of honesty, forthrightness, and sincerity. Democrats who implied that they would nuke the filibuster to confirm the Supreme Court nominee of a hypothetical President Clinton are now proclaiming the sacrosanctity of the (completely new and obviously completely opportunistic) “60-vote threshold” for Neil Gorsuch. Senators who a few weeks ago were arguing for an up-or-down vote on Gorsuch are now attempting to deny him an up-or-down vote. The wild swings of opinion not only give the observer a case of cognitive whiplash — they are also highly corrosive to the norms of good faith necessary for republican life.
A model of partisan disingenuousness, the fight over the Gorsuch filibuster risks leading to a stand-off where we are left with a choice between the terrible and the merely bad. As Jason Willick has not unpersuasively argued, the Schumer precedent would, if carried to its logical conclusion, be a Tomahawk missile aimed at the Supreme Court: The proposition that the president’s party needs 60 votes in the Senate to confirm his Supreme Court nominees would leave the Court essentially unfilled. The only post-1968 nominee who would have been confirmed under that precedent is Sonia Sotomayor. Plenty of Supreme Court justices have been confirmed with more than 60 votes, but there has not been before such a concerted effort to organize a partisan filibuster against a nominee who enjoyed majority support. No Supreme Court nominee has ever been defeated by a partisan filibuster, and the effort to sustain partisan filibusters against nominees sets a very troubling precedent. (By contrast, whatever one thinks about the Republican denial of a hearing for Merrick Garland, that set a much narrower precedent: No Supreme Court nominations will be approved by a Senate controlled by the opposite party during a presidential-election year. Unlike the Schumer precedent, the Garland one would still allow the court to be filled.)
If the choice is between the nuclear option and the Schumer precedent, then, the decision seems relatively straightforward. The nuclear option would damage the Senate as an institution (and conservatives should not kid themselves — it would damage the Senate). But the Schumer precedent would destroy the Supreme Court. Wounding one branch of government to save another seems an understandable trade.
However, in this troubled time we might be better off thinking not about how to damage institutions the least but instead about how to preserve and sustain them. The filibuster plays a crucial role in making the Senate an institution of consensus. The filibuster empowers individual senators and encourages bipartisan comity. This is especially true for the legislative filibuster. Nuking the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees (which is a relatively novel application of the filibuster) is logically distinct from the fate of the legislative filibuster. However, politics often defies logic, and another exercise of Harry Reid’s nuclear option only habituates the Senate more to the process of gutting the filibuster in all its forms.
It thus behooves Republicans and all who want to maintain the norms of Senate deliberation to try to find some way between the nuclear option and the Schumer precedent. Sean Davis of The Federalist and James I. Wallner and Ed Corrigan at the Heritage Foundation have offered one intriguing way of working through a Gorsuch filibuster: Use Rule XIX of the Senate as a way of ending the filibuster. Under Rule XIX, each senator is allowed to give no more than two speeches on a given topic during each legislative day, which is distinct from the calendar day. Extending the legislative day over multiple calendar days, the Republican majority would let each Democrat who wanted to filibuster Judge Gorsuch speak for as long as he or she wanted to but would hold each senator to only two speeches on Gorsuch. Once all filibustering Democrats had given their two speeches, a vote on Gorsuch would commence; there would be no need for a cloture vote on the nomination because, under Rule XIX, no more filibustering senators could speak.
Applying Rule XIX could solve some problems for both Republicans and Democrats. It would allow Republicans to confirm Neil Gorsuch without going down the road of partisan nihilism charted by Harry Reid. More than a few Senate Democrats are aware that filibustering Gorsuch is a dangerous strategy (see Claire McCaskill’s comments on the subject). But they fear the risks of a primary challenge in voting for cloture on Gorsuch. Rule XIX would allow Gorsuch to be confirmed without Democrats’ having to walk the plank on a vote for him. Applying Rule XIX to the Gorsuch vote would also shift the vote from binaries (yes/no on cloture) to a spectrum of action (such as how long to speak for). This spectrum would give rise to new political calculations. Does a senator like Montana’s Jon Tester, whose state Trump won decisively in 2016, want to give a ten-hour stem-winder against Gorsuch, or deliver more abbreviated remarks? How much does he want to make sustained, on-the-record attacks on Gorsuch, and thereby risk alienating his constituents back home — many of whom voted for Donald Trump so that he could make nominations like Gorsuch?
Applying Rule XIX would exact a price from the majority (they couldn’t confirm Gorsuch instantly), but it would also cost the minority, which would have to mount a talking filibuster against Gorsuch knowing that, eventually, that filibuster would be ended by Rule XIX. The nation would see filibusterers endlessly fulminating against President Trump and Neil Gorsuch — and not working to address the challenges the nation faces. Circumventing the nuclear option could be a first step toward rebuilding trust and comity in the Senate. It might — that’s might — suggest that Harry Reid’s tenure as majority leader was a partisan anomaly rather than the new normal.
For ideologues certain of their righteousness, and tribalists secure in their enmities, deliberation is a passé virtue. But those of us interested in maintaining a free republic might realize that deliberation is a major ally of republican life. The Senate, for all its flaws, has often been an institution of deliberation. Henry Clay, Abraham Lincoln’s hero and perhaps the greatest senator from Mitch McConnell’s home state of Kentucky, spent much of his life using the tradition of deliberation to preserve the republic during fractious times. Our own days grow more contentious, which makes it even more important to try to preserve the institutions of deliberation and compromise. Before pulling the trigger on the nuclear option, Republicans should weigh the costs of that measure and try to find a way to preserve the integrity of the Supreme Court and the conciliatory elements of Senate procedure.
— Fred Bauer is a writer from New England. He blogs at A Certain Enthusiasm.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Republicans have vowed to go back to the drawing board to draft a new Obamacare repeal-and-replacement bill. Meanwhile President Trump is threatening to work with Democrats to come up with a health-care plan — or maybe to simply let Obamacare crash and burn.
But whoever eventually comes up with a replacement for the Affordable Care Act should keep a few hard truths in mind.
1. Health care is neither a right nor a privilege; it’s a commodity. Worse, it’s a finite commodity. There are only so many doctors, so many hospitals, and so much money, and there are limits to how much these things can be expanded. That’s why no health-care system, outside Bernie Sanders’s fantasies, provides unlimited care to everyone.
Every health-care system in the world rations care in some way, either through bureaucratic fiat (Scandinavia, the U.K.), waiting lists (Canada), or price (that’s us). One can argue about which of these rationing mechanisms is fairest or most efficient, but let’s not pretend that it won’t occur.
2. Coverage is not access. Democrats like to pretend that giving everyone a piece of paper called insurance guarantees them access to the care they need. It’s sort of like magic. Say the right words, and poof, medical care appears. But in the real world it doesn’t work that way.
For example, take Medicaid, which is responsible for more than half the increase in coverage under Obamacare. Nearly a third of primary-care physicians won’t accept Medicaid patients. And when doctors do see Medicaid patients, they tend to be slower in granting appointments. Moreover, for the working poor, seeing doctors during normal office hours can be problematic. Perhaps that’s why Medicaid patients continue to use emergency rooms for routine care at a disproportionate rate. Numerous studies show that health outcomes for Medicaid patients are little better than those for the uninsured. In fact, some studies show patients faring worse under Medicaid than if they had no insurance at all.
Similarly, if Obamacare forced your insurance carrier to cut back its provider network, your shiny new coverage may no longer include the physician of your choice. And the incentive structure of Obamacare, notably its pre-existing-condition rules, encourage insurers to drop coverage for top doctors and hospital centers of excellence.
3. The uninsurable are uninsurable. Let us remember that the definition of “pre-existing condition” is: someone who is already sick. It’s a little like driving your car into a tree and then trying to retroactively buy auto insurance. It won’t work. Insurance is the business of spreading risk. But for someone who, say, has cancer, there’s no risk to spread, just cost. That’s not insurance, it’s paying for health care.
Obamacare tried to square this circle by mandating that young and healthy people buy insurance to offset the cost of providing care to those already sick. It turns out that didn’t work. Not enough healthy people signed up to pay for the influx of sick people. Insurance companies either dropped out of the market, cut back on high-quality providers, or raised premiums. All of this forced more healthy people out of the insurance pool and threatened an adverse-selection death spiral.
Republican proposals to keep the popular pre-existing-condition protections while jettisoning the mandate for coverage is only going to make the adverse-selection problem worse. It may have sounded like a moderate compromise, but it is like trying to be a little bit pregnant. It’s not going to work. The only realistic approach to dealing with pre-existing conditions is to take those people out of the insurance pool altogether and somehow pay for their care directly. There are several options for doing so, from state insurance pools to a revamped Medicaid program.
4. Medicare is not a success. Faced with the wreckage of Obamacare, Democrats are increasingly embracing the once controversial idea of “Medicare for all.” Most of them would start slowly, with a Trojan-horse “public option,” a taxpayer-subsidized plan that would undercut private insurance, but the result would still be a government-run national health-care plan based on Medicare.
Medicare is undoubtedly popular, especially with its beneficiaries. It should be. The average two-earner couple pays about $150,000 over their lifetime in Medicare taxes and premiums, while collecting almost $450,000 in benefits. Jackpot! But that disparity is one of the reasons why Medicare is running some $58 trillion in the red, after totaling all projected future liabilities. A program facing more long-term debt than most countries probably isn’t begging to be expanded.
Moreover, almost everything that people complain about with our health-care system is even more evident in Medicare. Medicare is inefficient, spending lots of money without evidence of better results. According to the landmark Dartmouth Atlas study, the counties with the highest per-patient Medicare costs showed no better outcomes than low-spending areas. Medicare over-covers routine care but stops covering you if you get really sick. It is based on an old-fashioned “fee for service” payment protocol that rewards inputs, not quality. And, its bureaucratic price controls under-reimburse doctors, shifting costs to private insurance plans, or discouraging doctors from seeing Medicare patients. About 15 percent of doctors don’t accept Medicare, and as many as a third limit the number of Medicare patients that they will treat.
5. No, we didn’t have a “free market” health-care system before Obamacare. Suggest free-market reforms to our health-care system and critics will inevitably suggest that you want to go back to the flawed system we had before Obamacare. But that system had little to do with a free market. Nearly all health care was subsidized in some way, either directly or indirectly. Actual health-care consumers paid barely 13 cents out of each dollar spent on health care, while the government directly paid for more than half of all health-care spending. This third-party and even fourth-party payment mechanism insulated consumers from the cost of their health-care choices and drove up both spending and prices.
At the same time, provider cartels, both insurers and medical professionals, used regulatory and licensing barriers to protect themselves from competition and inflate prices. Other markets in goods and services routinely produce lower prices and better quality. Health care has always been different precisely because free-market competition and consumer choice have been missing.
6. You are never going to make everyone happy. Obamacare is unpopular. The GOP replacement was unpopular. Single-payer in unpopular. In fact, one searches in vain for a health-care reform that voters will love.
Americans want widely contradictory things from health-care reform. They want the highest-quality care for everyone, with no wait, from the doctor of their choice. And they want it as cheap as possible, preferably for free. At the same time doctors, trial lawyers, hospitals, insurers, pharmaceutical companies, and government bureaucrats are all trying to protect their fiefdoms, hold onto their gains, and shift costs to others. There is simply no way to satisfy all these special interests and produce a health-care plan that will be hugely popular.
Given this reality, Republicans would be well advised to stop trying to win a popularity contest and simply do what’s right. They need to repeal Obamacare down to the last comma and semicolon, then replace it with true market-based reforms. Those plans are out there. All it would take is for them to face up to a few hard truths.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
During China’s recent “Two sessions,” in which some 5,000 governing elites gathered in Beijing to rubber-stamp the agenda of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), Wang Hongguang, a retired Chinese general, publicly dared the United States to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system (THAAD) in Taiwan. He boasted that the deployment would provide the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) with an excuse to use force to “liberate” the island.
Wang had earlier dared the U.S. to deploy Marines to guard the site of the American Institute in Taiwan, the de facto American embassy on the island. He has threatened to use harsh countermeasures to retaliate against the government of Tsai Ing-wen, even though she had nothing to do with the decision to deploy the Marines in Taipei.
Wang’s threats came at the time of a major shift in President Trump’s tone and stance toward China. He has recently retreated from his strong rhetoric against the Chinese Communist regime and from his pre-inauguration position that the U.S doesn’t “have to be bound” by the so-called One China policy.
Trump’s flip-flop on the One China policy has caused unnecessary confusion in Asia. It has weakened the administration’s moral position and credibility and has arguably given Beijing the upper hand in the cross-Strait relationship.
In my view, the One China policy is a trap that has been plied by Beijing to legitimize and strengthen the CCP dictatorship, squeeze Taiwan’s international space, and force Taiwan to kneel at Beijing’s feet. President Trump should take a fresh look at the One China policy, and honor the “right” China.
The contentious One China policy arose from the reality of two Chinas: the Republic of China (ROC) and the People’s Republic of China (PRC). The United States recognized the ROC in 1913, two years after the Chinese overthrew the Manchus’ Qing Dynasty. With Stalin’s support, the Chinese Communists won the civil war and founded the People’s Republic of China in 1949. The ROC, led by its authoritarian ruler, Chiang Kai-shek, retreated to Taiwan.
In the late 1960s and early ’70s, President Nixon was anxious to get out of Vietnam and counter the Soviets’ global expansion during the Cold War. Henry Kissinger persuaded Nixon to betray and abandon the ROC — America’s long-loyal ally in Asia — by recognizing the PRC government as the sole legitimate government of China. Thus America willingly accepted the One China policy. In 1979, the U.S. Congress passed the Taiwan Relations Act to maintain unofficial relations with the ROC. Later, President Reagan gave the “Six Assurances” for the ROC’s security, all of which were designed to keep the cross-Strait status quo.
Most American experts on China argue that this policy has worked well because it has helped maintain the regional peace. But I believe that the One China policy is seriously flawed and should be reviewed and modified. This policy has helped Beijing fundamentally shift the power balance in its favor, resulting in the creation of an authoritarian behemoth that impinges on the right of the Taiwanese people to self-determination and that poses a severe threat to both regional and global peace. Beijing has demanded the recognition of One China as a prerequisite for entering into diplomatic relations and joining international organizations, and it has successfully excluded Taiwan from the current international system.
This is unfair to the people of Taiwan. The ROC has always been an outstanding member of the international community. It made enormous sacrifices during World War II and great contributions to the Asian economic take-off. Even in the wake of America’s abandonment of Taiwan and Beijing’s relentless pressure, the ROC has peacefully transformed itself into a democratic country and become a beacon of freedom in Asia.
By contrast, since the Communist regime in Beijing first entered the international community under the One China policy, it has taken advantage of American markets, capital, and technology to rise to its position as an evil empire. Instead of respecting international law and order, as Kissinger assured us it would, Beijing has sought to reshape the international order in ways that ensure the PRC’s dominance. The CCP brutally cracks down on any dissent by its citizens and also undermines international peace and stability by bullying countries in the region, including Taiwan. Worse, the regime even boasts about its capability to nuke America.
Standing up for democracy has long been a core element of American foreign policy, not only because the U.S. has a moral obligation to support democratic countries that share the same values but also because such support will make America and the world more secure.
The One China policy forced on Washington by Beijing has not been adjusted to take into account the ROC’s democratic governance. At the same time, an underlying assumption of the policy, namely, political reform and peaceful transition, has not materialized. In short, the policy is out of date and not in the long-term best interest of the U.S., and it should be updated accordingly.
America’s difficulty in refining the ambiguous One China policy has over time allowed Beijing to hijack and distort the term. For example, the U.S. only acknowledged Beijing’s One China position in the 1972 first joint communiqué of the PRC and the U.S., without expressly accepting it. But in the 1979 joint communiqué of the PRC and the U.S., the U.S. recognized Beijing as the sole legitimate government of China, and further, in these nations’ third joint communiqué, in 1982, the U.S. was pushed to admit that it had no intention of pursuing a policy of “two Chinas” or “one China, one Taiwan.” President Clinton went to so far as to state that the U.S. would not support Taiwan’s independence. Presidents Bush and Obama also took a similar position. Today, the PRC and America have, in practice, recognized of the One China policy as legitimate. Step by step, Beijing has fully cast its One China spell on the U.S.
The grave danger caused by the United States’ ambiguous, often self-contradictory statements and practice regarding One China is that they fail to draw a red line to guarantee Taiwan’s security in a legally binding agreement; this could offer an opportunity for Beijing to invade the island in the future. The U.S. did not secure Beijing’s commitment to abandon the use of force against Taiwan. In 2005, the Communist regime passed the so-called anti-secession law, explicitly stipulating that it will use force against Taiwan’s “independence provocation.” But that term’s meaning remains totally subject to the regime’s interpretation. Today, more than a thousand missiles are pointing at the island across the Taiwan Strait, but Beijing considers it a serious “provocation” if the ROC even mentions THAAD as a possible means of defending itself from a potential attack
Even if the One China policy was justified 40 years ago, the geopolitical conditions calling for it no longer exist: The Soviet Union collapsed long ago, and the new Moscow has formed a strategic alliance with Beijing; Vietnam now sides with the U.S. in opposing China’s aggressive behavior in the South China Sea, and the PRC has become a formidable power challenging America’s global leadership.
I believe the best way to break the One China spell is for the U.S. to refuse to accept Beijing’s sovereignty over Taiwan and to formally recognize the ROC as a legitimate government by signing an agreement with it. The agreement should incorporate the updated and expanded components in the Taiwan Relations Act and President Reagan’s “Six Assurances” to reflect Taiwan’s democracy and America’s commitment to its defense. Such strategic and moral clarity will deter Beijing’s aggression and achieve peace through strength in the region.
To conclude, I want to quote a fellow citizen of China: “As a mainland shitzen (sh** + citizen), I do not give a sh** who is in power, but I am happy to see Taiwan not be swallowed by the CCP, because it is far better to let some people live free than have us all suffer under slavery.”
I hope President Trump has this Chinese shitzen’s political wisdom to break the One China spell, which would help him make America greater.
— Jianli Yang is the founder and president of Initiatives for China / Citizen Power for China and a former political prisoner of the Chinese government.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Who is “the Islamic Jesus”? And why could Muslims and Christians both afford to know him and learn from him? These are some of the questions Mustafa Akyol addresses in his book The Islamic Jesus: How the King of the Jews Became a Prophet of the Muslims. A voice for freedom and reform from Turkey, Akyol is currently a senior visiting fellow at the Freedom Project at Wellesley College.
 
KATHRYN JEAN LOPEZ: Why should Jesus’s saying “The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath” matter to Muslims?
MUSTAFA AKYOL: To me, that powerful expression by Jesus means that sacred law is not an end in itself, but a means to human happiness and flourishing. It is a key perspective against what I would call “blind literalism,” which is to make the implementation of the sacred law — in the Muslim case, sharia — the primary goal of religion. You can stone adulterers to death, for example, as is commanded in both the Jewish halakha and Islamic sharia. But if you understand that the purpose behind that extreme punishment is to protect the sanctity of marriage and the family, you can find more-lenient, more-effective ways to serve the same goal.
Of course this jurisprudential perspective implies a theology in which God is not a sinister autocrat who demands blind obedience but rather a lenient, reasonable lord who delegates agency to His creations. Whether the God of Islam is the former or the latter reopens some interesting theological debates in the medieval Muslim world, which I examined in my earlier book, Islam without Extremes. (See an NRO Q&A with Akyol on this book here.)
LOPEZ: Do you actually think the statement “The shariah is made for man, not man for the shariah” could prod an Islamic revolution that is faithful but that won’t be seen as a surrender to the secular world?
AKYOL: If there was nothing in the Islamic tradition that sounds familiar to the Jesus approach — “The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath” — then my argument would be in vain. The inference I make from this to the sharia would be groundless.
But luckily there is in the Islamic tradition an approach called “the theory of maqasid,” or “intentions.” It was devised by Imam Shatibi, a 14th-century legal scholar from Granada, or today’s southern Spain. Shatibi argued that the whole sharia actually had five fundamental “intentions”: the protection of religion, life, property, intellect, and lineage.
With a reference to Jesus, I am actually referring to this maqasid theory and calling fellow Muslims to look at the intentions behind religious law rather than being stuck in blind literalism. Jesus is a very inspiring teacher here, for he emphasized the gap between “intentions” and literalism more powerfully than any other figure in the whole Abrahamic tradition.
LOPEZ: “It is possible for Muslims today to abandon the commitment to the Caliphate as a political entity, but strive to be better caliphs on earth — as individuals with God-given faculties and responsibilities,” you write. “It is possible for Muslims to think, in other words, that the Caliphate is not here or there, but within you.”
AKYOL: It is of course possible, and that is indeed the case with many Muslims. Many Muslims living in the modern world believe that Islam is a spiritual connection between them and God. In politics, they just want decent states that will protect their rights. More-hardcore Muslims, on the other hand, believe that Islam requires a caliphate — a state of theocracy. We typically call them “the Islamists,” as a separate title from mere Muslims.
My argument in The Islamic Jesus is that the Koran does have a notion of caliphate, but it has nothing to with a theocratic state. The Koran uses the term “caliph” only to define human beings as God’s vicegerents on earth. It is a metaphysical and spiritual concept, in other words, not a political one. I found this distinction quite in tune with the wisdom of Jesus when he told his fellow Jews that the “Kingdom of God” they seek is not a theocratic state, but a spiritual realm.
LOPEZ: You tell a story about a misunderstanding involving Marine boots on the ground in a mosque in Fallujah. Is it possible that the “cross-cultural drama” between East and West, between Muslims and Christians, runs so deep that it is unfixable?
AKYOL: It is very deep — I will be honest about that. But we can take a course that will further deepen the fault lines and drive our world into a disastrous “clash of civilizations” or we can try to heal the fault lines and minimize the conflict by building channels of dialogue and understanding. I am personally trying to do the latter with all my work.
LOPEZ: Is part of our problem that most of the West thinks there are too few Christians in the Arab world, and some in the Muslim world would be happy to see them go?
AKYOL: Indeed, probably most Westerners hardly realize that there are large Christian communities in many Arab states, such as Lebanon, Syria, or Egypt. (There used to be large Jewish communities as well, but sadly they had to migrate after the beginning of the Arab–Israeli conflict.) The very presence of these non-Muslim communities in predominantly Muslim lands is a testimony to a key aspect of Islamic law: It has tolerated other religious traditions (with the exception of Arab polytheism) surviving under its rule. In the Middle Ages, Islam was remarkably tolerant.
It is also notable that non-Muslims of the Middle East faced the greatest tragedies in the “modern” era. In Turkey in 1915, Armenians, who had lived under Ottoman rule for centuries, were wiped out because of a modern ideology: Turkish nationalism. Indeed, nationalism of all sorts, rather than religion, is responsible for most tragedies in that part of the world.
The rise of Salafi-jihadism — a toxic combination of the most rigid school of sharia with political violence — is the latest threat to Christians and other minorities in the Middle East. Examples are the “Islamic State,” al-Qaeda, Boko Haram, and similar bloodthirsty groups. They should be fought rigorously. But we should also not forget that this level of religious zealotry is quite new in the region. We should not forget, for example, that the Christian communities wiped out by the “Islamic State” from Iraq had existed there for 14 centuries under more-reasonable Islamic states.
LOPEZ: Would Muslims taking Jesus seriously help in their relations with Jews?
AKYOL: Probably yes. If Muslims take Jesus more seriously, they will look at sharia less literally and less militantly. This is good for everybody — including Jews.
Looking at the Jesus story is also a good way to see Islam’s striking similarities to Judaism. These are both law-based religions with a similar view of God, scripture, and practice. Kinship, not enmity, must be the feeling between Muslims and Jews, while the Arab–Israeli conflict must be seen as what it is: a dispute over land, not a clash between religions.
LOPEZ: What might you say to skeptical secular people, who might worry that more people interpreting Jesus isn’t going to help moderate what they see as a dangerous force in religion that is crushing freedom?
AKYOL: If these skeptical secular people believe that the world will be a better place only when we get rid of religion, then I have bad news for them: That world will never come. Religion is a fundamental part of the human condition, and it will always be with us.
So the question is how do we make religions more tolerant of difference, more appreciative of freedom. The best way — perhaps the only way — is to nurture the interpretations within any particular religion that value tolerance and uphold liberty.
LOPEZ: What’s your pitch to Muslims who worry that this understanding is a watering down of Islam?
AKYOL: If watering down means letting some of our rigidity go, yes, that is what we Muslims need. We need to calm down, relax, and take a more sober look at our religion. It has been our misfortune in the past two centuries to be in a strict, harsh, alarmed, and even furious mood, which has defined the way we look at our sacred texts.
Muslim often take pride in the “golden age” of Islam, the medieval era when the Muslim world was more advanced than Europe in science, medicine, philosophy, and trade. They often miss, however, that this was made possible thanks to the cosmopolitanism of Islam. Muslims were not afraid to read Aristotle and synthesize him with the Koran, or to learn from Jewish or Christian literature. That era ended as we Muslims turned more insular and less open-minded. A renaissance of Islam will take place only when we become more open-minded.
LOPEZ: I love this: You write about how “different religious traditions should ‘compete with each other in doing good,’ while agreeing to disagree about their differences, deferring the ultimate judgment to God, to be given in the afterlife.” Do you see people doing this?
AKYOL: I wrote that sentence based on two key inspirations. The first one is the key Koranic verse 5:8, which reads: “Had God willed, He would have made you a single community.” It tells that the existence of different religions on earth is precisely what God has willed. The other inspiration is the theological doctrine of irja (“postponement”), which means that disputes should be deferred to the afterlife to be resolved by God. (ISIS hates that irja doctrine and has condemned it as “the most dangerous heresy,” as I explained here.)
Do I see people following these pluralist perspectives? Yes, of course, many people, Muslims or others, intuitively leave the ultimate judgments to God and live and let live. Others, however, want to dictate in the name of God. One of the points I often make about them is that they are making God an instrument of their arrogance, their self-righteousness. And self-righteousness, I add, is not righteousness.
LOPEZ: Are there aspects of Islam that won’t allow for seeing pluralism as a good thing?
AKYOL: There are certainly schools of thought in Islam, and powerful strains among Muslims, that won’t allow for that. Then there are other Muslims who challenge them. That is why there is “a war of ideas” within Islam, as many outsiders have rightly observed.
LOPEZ: Is Mary a meeting point for Christians — maybe Catholics especially — and Muslims?
AKYOL: Indeed. She is highly respected by both Christians and Muslims — and, unlike the case of Jesus, there is no big controversy about her nature. Both faiths assert that she was a holy woman to whom God sent Gabriel to announce that Jesus had been miraculously conceived while she was a virgin. (There is only a difference on where Mary gave birth to Jesus. In the Gospels of Matthew and Luke, it is Bethlehem. In the Koran, it is somewhere in the wilderness. But notably the Koranic narrative fits into an apocryphal gospel, the Protoevangelium of James, whose stories about the childhood of Mary are also present in the Koran.)
It is no accident that there are shrines in the Middle East devoted to Mary that are visited by both Christians and Muslims. The Shrine of Our Lady of Lebanon, especially, is remarkable, as it is a place for both Christian and Muslim prayers. It tells us that, despite our bitter and frequent disputes, we really come from deeply connected theological roots.— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Yesterday was Equal Pay Day, that glorious annual ritual in which women are told they are terribly oppressed at work and earn only 77 cents to every dollar that men earn, even though that’s not even remotely true. This year, just to up the ante, prominent feminists paired questionable math with equally questionable life suggestions. Women would be wise to ignore them.
Let’s start with the enduring myth of a cavernous pay gap between the genders, which has been repeatedly and resoundingly debunked. In 2009, a U.S. Department of Labor study concluded that the supposedly nefarious wage gap “may be almost entirely the result of individual choices being made by both male and female workers,” and that it ranged from just 4.8 to seven cents. In 2012, a study from the American Association of University Women concluded the same thing, citing a 6.6-cent wage gap — and leaving open multiple non-oppression-related explanations for why that gap might exist.
But as Nirvana once sang in highly disillusioned mid-1990s tones, Oh well, whatever, never mind. On Tuesday, Ivanka Trump tweeted that “#EqualPayDay is a reminder that women deserve equal pay for equal work. We must work to close the gender pay gap!” Sheryl Sandberg, the loquacious COO of Facebook, weighed in with an op-ed in USA Today: “Today is Equal Pay Day. This means that on average, women in the United States had to work all of 2016 plus this far into 2017 to catch up to what men earned last year. In 2016, women on average were paid 80 cents for every dollar men earned.”
Here’s where things get weird: Eight paragraphs after declaring war on a supposed 20 percent wage gap, Sandberg writes the following, citing a analysis from 2016: “After controlling for education, experience, and occupational and industry differences, the Cornell study found that a gender pay gap of about 8% remains.” (Feel free to cue your own over-the-top, imaginary record scratch here.)
So, which is it? 20 percent? 8 percent? None of the above? Oh well, whatever, never mind. No one reads the sensational first paragraphs of an op-ed, anyway! They always skip right to paragraph nine. If readers skip to the end of Sandberg’s op-ed, however, they’ll find an announcement of the launch of her “#20PercentCounts campaign,” designed to “highlight the unfairness of the gender pay gap.” I guess “#SomewhereBetween4and8PercentCounts, but Maybe Not, Because This Shifting Percentage Might Not Even Have Anything to Do with Sinister Male Oppression” just didn’t have the same ring to it.
What also lacks a certain ring, at least to my ears, is a newer feminist refrain, also sung in chorus on Equal Pay Day: For true empowerment to exist, women must be literally equal to men, in everything, all the time. In a new profile in New York magazine, New York senator Kirsten Gillibrand, described as “a bit of a gender essentialist,” insists that Congress should ideally be split 50/50 along gender lines. Sandberg, meanwhile, feels similarly: “We know how important achieving equality is for all of us. A world where women ran half of our companies and countries and men ran half of our homes would be a better world.”
Would it really? I’m not so sure, and not just because my husband’s version of cooking dinner for the kids involves 16 variations of simple carbohydrates and vegetable sightings as rare as the North American Sasquatch. It’s because I don’t want to run a company or a country. It sounds exhausting! Nor do I want to become a highly paid senior director of engineering, no matter how many times prominent feminists tell me I should. Many women — especially those with children, or who want to have children — feel the same way.
And yet, strangely, many of today’s leading feminists seem quite fond of hectoring women into taking high-paying, high-pressure jobs whether they want to or not, promoting a weird vision of a corporate corner suite as heaven on earth. Studies have shown women’s happiness levels plummeting since the 1970s, the last time they were measured to be higher than those of men. Could it be because we’re getting a lot of really dodgy life advice?
Look, if you’re a woman, and you want to run a company or a country, good for you! Go for it. If you want to grow the ranks of females in the aforementioned senior-director-of-engineering field — according to USA Today, women hold only 9 percent of these jobs — bravo! If you want to have a flexible yet lower-paying job that allows you more family time, or if you want to stay at home with your children, that’s marvelous! In the end, I hope you find the life choice that works for you. That’s what modern feminism is all about, right?
Oh, who am I kidding? That, my friends, would make way too much sense.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
We’ll admit that the progress House Republicans are making on health care is well-disguised, but it is progress. The left-most House Republicans have mostly been persuaded to support an important structural reform of Medicaid. The right-most ones have mostly learned to live with tax credits to allow people who don’t benefit from Medicare, Medicaid, or the tax break for employer-provided health coverage to buy health insurance too. The party leadership has slowed down its timetable for repeal and replacement of Obamacare, even if that slowdown has come under duress and the pace is still unrealistically fast.
House Republicans seem to be too divided still to pass a bill, but the remaining distance ought to be bridgeable. What’s more, a number of Republicans are talking up an idea that might accomplish that task.
The Republicans who dissented from the House leadership’s bill from the right did so for two principal reasons: They did not think it repealed and replaced enough of Obamacare, and as a result they did not think it did enough to bring premiums down. The Republicans who dissented from the left, meanwhile, did so mostly because they worried that the bill would leave too few Americans with health insurance.
The idea that the House Republicans are now considering would allow states to apply for waivers from Obamacare regulations, and direct the secretary of Health and Human Services to grant the waivers if the states show that their plans would have a positive effect on coverage. That ought to be possible: Even the Congressional Budget Office, as biased as it is toward government-centric solutions to health-care problems, has said that eliminating Obamacare regulations would increase coverage by making it more affordable. The waivers would be a way for House Republicans to address the concerns of the party’s left and right simultaneously. As Yuval Levin explains today, the House Freedom Caucus would get a bit of what it wants by demonstrating that the moderates would get a bit of what they want.
As Levin also explains, whether this idea can be made to work depends on the details. It is far from a perfect policy. States that used the waivers would inevitably end up subsidizing states that didn’t: The waiver states would have lower premiums and therefore less federal aid. (The same dynamic already applies in the case of Medicaid: States that expanded it get transfers from states that didn’t.)
But waivers would move us toward a health-insurance system in which premiums were lower, private coverage was more widespread, and the federal government played a smaller role. The chief obstacle to agreement among House Republicans on this point, it seems to us, is that too many of them are tired of negotiating with one another about health care. We have two pieces of advice. First: Take a breather before resuming talks. Second: Pursue your interests instead of your grievances.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Though Obama bears responsibility for the horror in Syria, the Trump administration’s Russia tilt means it owns the mess it inherited and must respond accordingly.
The timing for the Trump administration couldn’t be worse. Just days after statements from the White House as well as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley made it clear that the U.S. accepted the permanence of the Assad regime in Syria, Damascus reminded the world of its awful nature. The Syrian government dropped a poison-gas bomb on a hospital, taking the lives of dozens, including eleven children. As reports of the attack spread, fingers began pointing at Trump.
Senator John McCain wasn’t alone when he made it clear that the statements from the administration — including Tillerson’s astonishing assertion that the tyrannized Syrian people would determine their own future — provided encouragement for Assad to do his worst, safe in the knowledge that the U.S. didn’t care what happened in that tortured country.
McCain is right to the extent that the U.S. does bear a great deal of the responsibility for what happened in Syria in recent years as Assad has gained the upper hand in that country’s civil war with the help of his Russian and Iranian allies. But even if the main culprit here is President Obama, that doesn’t get the administration off the hook. The gas attack is a wakeup call to Trump that he has to choose between two of his foreign policy priorities: better relations with Russia and getting tough with Iran. If the administration doesn’t begin to respond, the mess in Syria will only get worse, and blaming Obama won’t be enough to avoid complicity in one of the great human-rights catastrophes of the 21st century.
The administration’s attempt to divert attention from its own silence about Assad by pointing to its predecessor has some merit. The Syrian debacle didn’t merely unfold on Obama’s watch; his actions and statements materially contributed to a situation in which Bashar Assad’s barbarous regime acts as if it has carte blanche from the international community to commit unspeakable atrocities.
Obama’s initial reaction to the 2011 Arab Spring protests in Syria was to encourage opposition to Assad. As the situation erupted into violence between rebels and the government, Obama made it clear Assad had to go. Historians will debate, as analysts did at the time, whether Western intervention to arm the more moderate rebels would have proved decisive and ended the conflict before Islamist groups became major players there. But what we do know is that Western inaction led to a civil war that quickly spiraled out of control and allowed radical Islamist groups to assume a major role in the opposition to a hated regime.
The turning point was in 2013 when Assad used chemical weapons against his own people. Prior to that, Obama had stated that their use would constitute the crossing of a “red line” that would mandate an American response. But without a coherent plan of action and faced with opposition from those who thought two Middle East wars was enough (a group that included one Donald J. Trump), Obama backed down. That was more than one of the most humiliating moments in the history of American foreign policy. It also provided an opening for Russia — which, along with Iran, was already aiding Assad — to embark on a full-scale intervention in Syria. Obama made a deal by which the Russians would supervise the collection of all of Assad’s illegal weaponry. But that flimsy agreement was never fully enforced, and Damascus has continued to employ gas against Syrian civilians.
Obama’s retreat went farther than just the “red line” fiasco. Despite sometimes paying lip service to the need for Assad’s ouster, he fully acquiesced to Russia’s assertion that its Syrian client fell under Moscow’s sphere of control. This not only marked a beginning of the realization of Vladimir Putin’s dream to reassemble the old Soviet empire. It also was part of a U.S. retreat from the Middle East; in 2011, Obama had completed the withdrawal of all U.S. forces from Iraq. The vacuum left by that decision provided the opening for the emergence of ISIS, as the Islamist group assumed control of large parts of both Syria and Iraq.
While the U.S. eventually deployed forces to fight ISIS, the initial decision to back away from conflict with Assad has ensured the continuance of that conflict. Assad and his allies have concentrated their military efforts on destroying rebels — moderates and radicals — not associated with ISIS. That left the Islamic State as the sole force in the field perceived to be defending Sunnis against the minority Alawite regime and Iranian and Lebanese Shiites (Tehran’s Hezbollah auxiliaries who were also deployed in Syria) as well as the Russians. So long as that remains the case, ISIS can count on support from Syrians who have good reason to hate Assad and his friends more than they do the equally barbarous Islamists.
Trump inherited a mess to which there are no easy or attractive options for the U.S. Trump’s foreign-policy team is simply stating the facts when they observe that Assad and his allies have already won the civil war and that there is no viable option for forcing him from power even if ISIS and pockets of rebels are still the field. But that does not excuse a policy of inaction from the administration.
This is a moment when the president needs to make it clear to Russia that if it is truly interested in better relations with the United States, it must put a leash on its Syrian client. Trump can start by insisting that Putin finally make good on the deal he struck with Obama to confiscate Assad’s chemical weapons. Equally important would be an effort to make it plain to Moscow that it cannot have normal, let alone friendly relations with the West while still acting as an ally of an Iran that is using the war in Syria to pursue its goal of regional hegemony.
Trump must understand that thinking that Russia can help him achieve his goal of defeating ISIS makes no sense so long as Moscow is in bed with Iran and Assad. Given Obama’s mistakes and Trump’s criticisms of past U.S. interventions in the Middle East, the administration has little leverage in Syria. But merely waving the white flag on the issue as it did last week only makes an already terrible situation even worse.
Given the reports about back-channel negotiations with Russia about breaking its ties with Iran, it may be that the administration understands that Trump’s contradictory rhetoric about the two countries must be resolved. Merely focusing on Obama’s mistakes is no longer enough. Like it or not, by signaling his desire for a new beginning with Assad’s Russian enablers, Trump is linked to what is happening in Syria. This is a moment for the president, who is not generally shy about sounding off on his views of the world, to say something that puts the onus on Putin for Assad’s atrocities and makes clear that the U.S. won’t continue to turn a blind eye to the horror there. If he doesn’t, his critics will be right when they say he, along with Obama, now owns the Syrian disaster.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
A high-school student from New Jersey answered the Stanford University application question, “What matters to you, and why?” by simply writing “#BlackLivesMatter” 100 times, without any explanation — and he was accepted to the school.
After being accepted, Ziad Ahmed of Princeton Day School posted a screenshot of his non-answer answer on Twitter, and it received enough attention for his story to be picked up by Mic.
“I didn’t think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it’s quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” the student wrote in an e-mail to Mic.
In his interview with Mic, Ahmed explained that #BlackLivesMatter activism is important to him because he is Muslim, and “one-fourth to one-third of the Muslim community in America are black.” He then explained why he did not feel the need to give this or any other kind of explanation in his application answer: “The insistence on an explanation is inherently dehumanizing,” Ahmed stated. “Black lives have been explicitly and implicitly told they don’t matter for centuries, and as a society — it is our responsibility to scream that black lives matter because it is not to say that all lives do not matter, but it is to say that black lives have been attacked for so long, and that we must empower through language, perspective, and action.”
Of course, it obviously is true that you should not have to explain why the lives of black people matter, and that it would be “inherently dehumanizing” for anyone to ask you to do so. But guess what? Ahmed didn’t write “black lives matter,” he wrote “#BlackLivesMatter.” He was not referring to the value of black people’s lives in the general sense; he was clearly referring to a specific political movement — and one that happens to be very controversial. In a Pew Research Center survey from last year, only 43 percent of respondents said that they support the movement, and a full third of them stated that they did not even understand what its goals were at all.
Now, Ahmed may call his refusal to explain his answer “unapologetic activism,” but here’s the thing: The entire purpose of “activism” is to enact change. That’s the goal. (If you don’t believe me, then search the word on Google; the first thing that pops up will be the definition, “the policy or action of using vigorous campaigning to bring about political or social change.”) Success in activism is not measured by how strongly you believe that you are right, it’s measured by how effectively you can convince others of your views. Bringing other people to your side is, after all, the only way to achieve the change that is activism’s goal.
Ahmed believes that he is so obviously correct that no explanation should be necessary, but that doesn’t change the fact that it is necessary. A huge segment of the population doesn’t even understand what the goals of #BlackLivesMatter even are; the fact that explanation is necessary is an objective fact. His answer was not a victory for his movement, but a missed opportunity.
Oh, and then there’s this: Not only is Ahmed a lazy activist, but he’s also a lazy question-answerer. The application did not just ask “What matters to you,” it also asked “And why?” And it did so for good reason: Being able to explain “why,” after all, is the only way to demonstrate that you truly understand what you’re talking about.
Now, I’m not taking a stand on whether or not Ahmed deserved to be accepted to Stanford, because I don’t have enough information to make that judgment.  I don’t have access to his entire application, and, seeing as Stanford has refused to comment, it’s not clear how large of a role that one particular answer played in his acceptance. He does seem to have a pretty substantial resume overall — he was named one of Business Insider’s  “young prodigies” last year — and it’s entirely possible that he was accepted in spite of his #BlackLivesMatter answer, and not because of it. There is simply no way for me to know. What I do know, though, is that Ahmed himself is particularly proud of that non-answer answer, and that being proud of non-answer answers is an absurd way to approach life.
Think about it: Could you imagine if Ahmed someday approaches a thesis the same way that he approached that application question? What if he just turned in one-sentence paper, believing that his point of view was so clearly correct that it was somehow above him to explain?
The fact that an assertion must be supported by evidence — as well as explanations of how the evidence supports the assertion — is something that even third graders know, and it’s not hard to understand why this standard is important. Could you imagine a world where assertions alone were enough? Courts could hand out rulings without having to explain their reasoning. Police officers could haul people off to jail without having to tell those people what they had done wrong. America’s Got Talent judges could eliminate contestants without giving them evaluations of their performances, leaving all of those aspiring comics and singers to spend their lives wondering just what they had done to turn Simon Cowell against them. The frustration we experienced as children when we were told “Because I’m your mother and I say so!” after asking “Why?” would become a way of life well into adulthood.
Assertions are nothing without evidence. This, to me, is obvious — but Ahmed’s approach to question-answering made it clear that this is not not obvious to everyone, so I took the time to explain “why” anyway.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review
Editor’s Note: The article has been amended since its original publication.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Which Donald Trump will show up to greet Chinese president Xi Jinping on Thursday in Mar-a-Lago?
Will it be the fire-breathing candidate of the campaign trail and transition, who called China a “cheater” on trade and who threatened to reconsider American commitment to the long-standing “One China” policy? Or will it be the president who agreed to recognize the very same One China policy and whose secretary of state repeated Chinese formulations of the basis of U.S.–Sino relations? Behind the choice lies the larger question of whether the president has a China — or Asia — policy at all yet?
By the time of his inauguration, it seemed as though President Trump had wrested the diplomatic initiative from Beijing, warning that he would slap tariffs on Chinese goods to even out an unfair playing field, dramatically taking a phone call from Taiwan’s president, and musing about upending 40 years of diplomatic relations based on the One China policy. We could have seen all this as the prelude to tough negotiations with Xi on issues ranging from the South China Sea to currency manipulation.
Once taking office, however, the administration seemed to tack back: It largely emphasized cooperation on security issues and downplayed any specifics on trade retaliation. Moreover, by pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the administration left the field open for China to pursue its own multilateral trade agreement in Asia. Then, just a few days ago, the president and his team once again adopted a harder line on the South China Sea and trade. The White House may believe that the mixed signals keep Beijing off-balance, but they just as easily give an impression of a policy that has not yet cohered.
So as the world press looks forward to a few days in the Florida sunshine, the stakes could not be higher for this first meeting between the heads of the world’s most powerful countries. Can Trump wrangle all the loose ends of his China policy, and come up with a coherent, firm, and credible approach by the time he meets Xi?
The biggest danger Trump faces when he sits down with Chinese president this week at Mar-a-Lago is that he might be put on the defensive. Xi is coming off a lauded speech defending free trade at the World Economic Forum at Davos in January, while Trump is struggling to deal with North Korea and has yet to articulate an alternative to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Surrendering the dynamic in Sino–U.S. relations to Xi in this first meeting could determine the administration’s Asia policy for the next four years.
Trump risks facing a confident Chinese leader who will come seeking to capitalize on his recent successes. Even if Trump doesn’t have a full Asia policy — in no small part because he does not yet have most of his foreign-policy team in place — he needs to have at least a basic set of positions ready to present to his Chinese counterpart.
First, the president needs to walk back Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s endorsement of China’s call for “mutual respect” and “win-win cooperation” that Tillerson made in Beijing last month. China watchers knows that “mutual respect” means staying out of areas China considers vital to its interests, not to mention highlighting Beijing’s desire to be seen as an equal to the United States.
Trump cannot be seen as acquiescing in China’s new model of great-power relations. Instead, the president should call for a new realism in Sino–U.S. relations, recognizing that both countries will seek to maximize their national interests and that America will hold the line on protecting its position in Asia and will zero in on unfair Chinese trading practices.
On trade, the administration might be less inclined to punish tariffs than it earlier indicated, but Trump should put Xi on notice that the U.S. will no longer tolerate cyberattacks and the theft of intellectual-property rights. He can make clear that he is willing to sanction individuals and companies that are involved in stealing or profiting from American firms, and he can also intimate that America has its own cyber capabilities in response. He can communicate as well that his administration will actively look at specific sectors where Chinese dumping might be occurring, thus putting pressure on Xi to deal with the problem before the Americans decide to act.
Next, Trump has to make pressuring North Korea a priority for Xi. North Korea has become the administration’s first international crisis. It is also a headache for Trump’s relations with China. Not only has Beijing pressured Trump to freeze military exercises with ally South Korea, in exchange for a purported North Korean freeze on nuclear and missile tests, but it has also vociferously objected to the installation of a new U.S. missile-defense system in South Korea. Ironically, this has helped China seem the peacemaker, paternalistically warning that America and North Korea are recklessly heading toward conflict, and urging both sides to calm down. In this light, Xi looks more responsible and more influential in Asia than the American president does.
By now, it is clear that Beijing has little political leverage over Kim Jong-un. However, China’a economic power is real. Threatening sanctions again and even access to the global financial system, Trump should demand that Xi crack down on both Chinese banks and the hundreds of companies doing business with North Korea. Beijing might not even know every entity involved in the multibillion-dollar cross-border trade, but past administrations have failed to impose any costs on China for propping up Pyongyang.
Further, Trump can threaten to widely provide ballistic-missile-defense systems to U.S. allies beyond South Korea, including Taiwan and India, in response to the growing North Korean threat. This is something China wants to avoid, seeing it as aimed ultimately at its own missile capabilities.
More broadly, Trump can wrestle some of the initiative on security issues away from China. Beijing’s apparent statesmanship on the Korean peninsula does not extend to its own security interests. Just last month, the Chinese military threatened a U.S. Air Force bomber flying over the South China Sea, claiming that it was in Chinese airspace. That won’t deter U.S. military operations in the region, but it reveals the belligerent mindset in Beijing on display in December, when the Chinese navy briefly seized a U.S. Navy underwater drone. Moreover, China continues to militarize the islands it has constructed in the disputed Spratly Islands group.
Trump should act decisively to uphold international law by announcing to Xi that the U.S. Navy and Air Force will undertake a regular schedule of freedom-of-navigation operations in the contested waters around the Spratly and Paracel Islands, and we will invite partner navies to join. More specifically, he can let his guest know that any move to militarize the Scarborough Shoal, off the Philippine coast, will result in a constant U.S. naval presence and the provision of significant arms sales to regional states.
It’s possible that none of these policies will succeed in change Beijing’s own calculations, but they will let Trump set a baseline for Sino–U.S. relations over the next four years. They may also slow down China’s momentum and force Xi to consider just how adversarial a relationship he wants with the United States while his own economy continues to slow down dramatically.
First impressions among world leaders make a difference. Ronald Reagan put Mikhail Gorbachev on the defensive, a position from which he never recovered. John F. Kennedy’s seeming weakness encouraged Nikita Khrushchev to build the Berlin Wall and put nuclear missiles in China. Donald Trump needs to send a message that he takes seriously the necessity of getting relations with China right, for U.S. interests above all.
— Michael Auslin is a frequent contributor to National Review and the author of The End of the Asian Century.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
According to the National Pay Equity Committee, Equal Pay Day — the feminist-created holiday meant to signify how far into the year women have to work to make up for last year’s wage gap — falls on April 4 this year. That’s the first Tuesday of the month, rather than the second Tuesday, as it has been in years past.
Is this a nod to women’s progress, and recognition that women’s earnings as a percentage of men’s has crept up in recent years? Perhaps. But then again, maybe not.
Accuracy about statistics has never been this movement’s strong suit. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in 2014 the average full-time working woman earned 83 percent of what the average full-time working man earned. That’s up from about 80 percent in 2004. If you assume that the 2016 wage gap is roughly the same as 2015 and follow the Equal Pay Day math, then women would need to work about 44 more days in 2017. Allowing for weekends and holidays, that means Equal Pay Day should have taken place in the second week of March, not April.
But the far bigger flaw in Equal Pay Day logic is the assumption that the Department of Labor statistic showing the differences in men and women’s average earnings is evidence of discrimination’s role in our economy. The holiday’s champions use the mantras “equal pay for equal work” and “83 cents on the dollar” to imply that women are regularly being paid less than men for the same work.
That’s just not what the statistic tells us. The Department of Labor doesn’t compare two co-workers, one male and one female, but rather simply tallies up the median earnings of all full-time working women and all full-time working men and compares the two.
The Department of Labor ignores, for example, that the average man working full-time spends two hours more each week on the job than does the average full-time working woman. It shouldn’t be a surprise — or considered unfair — that someone who works longer hours also earns more money. They also don’t take into account differences in industry, years of experience, education, and specialty. Men suffer the overwhelming majority of workplace deaths and major injuries. To get people to take on dangerous and physically grueling jobs, businesses have to sweeten the pot with higher pay. Men even have longer commutes on average than women do. They often take on the extra commuting burden in order to take a job that pays more.
In studies that take these and other relevant factors into account, the wage gap shrinks, leaving just a few percentage points unexplained. People can debate why men and women continue to make such different choices about work, and why women end up making choices that lead to lower pay. Undoubtedly, the extra responsibilities women take on at home are a big part of the equation. Understanding how these decisions affect earnings and expected earnings in the future is important information for people — particularly young women — to have as they plan their careers and family life.
And of course discrimination remains a factor in some workplaces, which is why there are laws on the books that allow workers to sue employers who treat them unfairly. We need to continue to encourage businesses to provide equal opportunity and treatment to men and women.
Yet the public should reject the tired logic of the feminist movement that seems intent on denying that women ever make any progress and convincing the next generation of women that America is overwhelmingly sexist and they are doomed to being consistently shortchanged. Why else would they insist on exaggerating issues like the wage gap and misleading the public about what these statistics mean?
The good news is that women are an increasingly educated and accomplished segment of our society; they are becoming leaders in business, academia, and the political sphere, as well as leading their communities, nurturing the next generations, and creating new paradigms for balancing work and family life. Now that’s something to celebrate.
— Carrie Lukas is the managing director of the Independent Women’s Forum.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
A little more than 20 years ago, the Texas legislature was afire with controversy surrounding a redistricting project. Advertising my ignorance of the process, I asked a veteran state legislator at the time whether he thought the redistricting process was “politicized.” No, he explained, it isn’t politicized — it is political. “Redistricting is the most political thing a legislature does,” he said.
And the scales fell from my eyes.
“Politicized” may be the most abused and least understood word in our political lexicon. The New York Times complained that certain policies of the George W. Bush administration “politicized” health care; Nancy Pelosi, whose ability to keep a straight face is not natural, once lamented the “politicization” of the Justice Department; Boyd Matheson, a conservative activist and former chief of staff to Mike Lee, charges that Harry Reid “politicized” the workings of the Senate; Myron Ebell, who oversaw the Trump administration’s EPA transition, says that the agency relies on “politicized” science; Barack Obama, answering critics who accused him of ghoulishly exploiting sensational shootings, said that such episodes are “something we should politicize.” Some of these complaints make sense, and some do not.
The Washington Post reports that Neil Gorsuch has experienced “a highly politicized confirmation hearing,” and Senator Lindsey Graham (R., S.C.) joined in, criticizing Democrats for “politicizing” the confirmation process: “We’re taking the nomination process to a place it was never intended to go by the framers of the Constitution,” he said. “Alexander Hamilton would be rolling in his grave.”
But if Mr. Hamilton did not intend for the process to be political, why would he have entrusted it to a bunch of — pardon me for noticing — politicians?
That matters of public concern are politicized is not a defect of democracy — it is part of the design. That is how the democratic process works: Different constituencies within the polity disagree about the best way to regulate health insurance or about how abortion should stand under the law or about what is the best way to raise revenue for the federal government. Elected representatives fight and negotiate and make speeches and politick the issue until some sort of resolution is reached (or isn’t), and then the electorate goes to the polls to render judgment. This is a process that has some problems, to be sure: Ignorance is the natural and rational state of the voter; discrete issues are bundled together in a way that makes disaggregating them difficult or impossible; tribalism is more powerful than analysis; voters are no more likely to be virtuous citizens than are their representatives; opinion changes quickly in response to events that are partly or entirely exogenous to public policy.
The inevitable cliché here, often attributed to Winston Churchill, is: “Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all those others that have been tried from time to time.” But that does not get at the whole truth: It is not that there is no alternative to the “politicized” way of doing things — most of the good things we enjoy in this world are the result of markets and other spontaneous orders, not of politics — but there is no alternative to it when relying on the public sector.
That is not a bad thing — not necessarily. The Supreme Court, acting in its role as illegitimate superlegislature and scriptural council, from time to time attempts to remove some item of controversy from the political sphere, as it did when it yanked a constitutional right to abortion out of its penumbra in 1973. That did not neutralize abortion as a political issue or elevate it to some new plane of existence in which it is subject only to a divine wisdom superior to politics — it simply took democratic accountability and the democratic voice out of the equation. Sometimes, that is the right thing to do: Mr. Madison et al. included a Bill of Rights in the Constitution precisely to that end. The Bill of Rights is, properly understood, a List of Stuff You Idiots Cannot Be Trusted to Vote On. (“We want to censor that guy!” “Too bad.” “No, we really, really want to, and there’s a bunch of us!” “Too bad.” “We’re the majority!” “Too bad.” Etc.) But sometimes you need the democratic contest. Knowing what ought to be subject to plebiscitary judgment and what ought to be above or outside of formal democratic processes is a big part of political wisdom, which has not grown plentiful since the 18th century.
At the moment, we’ve stood that wisdom on its head, lamenting the inevitably political actions of the political bodies while accepting — sometimes gleefully, sometimes with despair—the politicization of those institutions that ought to be outside of politics, the Supreme Court and the federal bureaucracies chief among them. Of course the Democrats’ attempt to prevent the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is a political part of a political process; of course the Republican response to this will be political (and, one hopes, entirely ruthless). Presidents politicize everything they touch, every room they enter, and every subject about which they speak: President George H. W. Bush managed to politicize broccoli during his tenure. Of course the Texas legislature will have an eye on politics when it engages in redistricting: Redistricting is a political process, one whose character is the direct result of the ordinary democratic processes by which the members of state legislatures are elected. A politicized House committee is a House committee functioning as intended; a politicized IRS is a menace to liberty and democracy that ought to be handled with the seriousness of a foreign invasion.
The great progressive conceit is that experts can scientifically manage human affairs the way expert managers run a factory. One of the amusing aspects of the current battle over redistricting — Democratic concern about so-called gerrymandering very closely tracks the Republican ascendancy in the state legislatures — is that progressive critics complain that today’s redistricting is different from the redistricting that happened back when Democrats controlled most state legislatures, because Republicans are . . . too good at it. The development of new software tools has been a real boon to the modern psephological engineer. And what is proposed as an alternative? Different software, designed and implemented by experts whose work is not “politicized.”
Well.
Part of the problem is that many Americans do not understand the architecture of our constitutional order; another part of the problem is that some Americans do understand the architecture of our constitutional order and hate it, or at least resent the fact that it keeps them from doing what they want. That is why we have so many Democrats at the moment dreaming up ways around the First Amendment, prosecuting those with nonconforming views about climate change under spurious fraud allegations, censoring films critical of Democratic candidates in the name of “campaign finance reform,” and pursuing felony charges against anti-abortion activists engaged in the age-old practice of undercover investigative reporting. (Here, let us praise Kevin Drum of Mother Jones, one of the increasingly rare voices on the left who stands for freedom of speech even for those with whom he disagrees.) It is why Democrats habitually attempt to shut down the inevitably political debate over climate-change policy with high-handed declarations that Science has spoken, capital-S Science having partly displaced the capital-H History of the midcentury Marxists and their epigones, though not so much that Barack Obama did not feel the need to proclaim himself “on the right side of History” when he ran out of arguments.
People tend to complain about things’ being “politicized” most intensely when the politics is going against them, and the Democrats seem to just be getting the news that Barack Obama’s remarkable self-centeredness made him very, very good at winning elections — for himself. The rest of the Democratic party is in pretty poor shape. And the question they face in the immediate future is not whether to politicize the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch but whether to do so in a stupid and self-destructive way, attempting to do from their current minority position what Republicans did to poor old Merrick Garland (for excellent, political reasons) from their majority position. The problem with that isn’t that it is political, but that it is a terrible idea.
People will speechify about “statesmanship,” about high principle and patriotism and “setting aside politics to come together to do the right thing.” When you hear that kind of talk, put on your waders. Say what you will about a bare-knuckles political fight, it is more honest than the alternative.
– Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.



ARTICLE
The world is afflicted by an international crisis of ineffectual government, even in most of the principal democracies. The three principal Western continental European countries are close to election day, and none of them can be called today a stable democratic government. Only Germany could, with a straight face, claim to have enjoyed good government in the last ten years. France and Italy are in serious economic doldrums and most of the principal candidates to lead their governments are not people that would normally be considered remotely appropriate to the great offices they seek.
In France, National Front leader Marine Le Pen, having expelled her father, the party’s founder, at the age of 87, for being a Holocaust minimizer and engaging in other illiberal reflections, from the party he founded, has made a reasonable effort to approach the mainstream. But hers is still a party that is rather isolationist and reactionary. At this point, the favorite to win is the new face, Emmanuel Macron, 39, a former minister of the economy (in the catastrophic outgoing regime of President François Hollande) who claims now to be a free-enterprise advocate, but is wildly unspecific about his policy preferences, apart from being a Eurofederalist.
The heir to the Gaullist mantle – i.e., representing the moderate-conservative group that has won seven of the ten presidential elections in the history of the Fifth Republic — François Fillon, having knocked off his party’s two imperishable chiefs of yesteryear, Nicolas Sarkozy and Alain Juppé, has descended from leadership in the polls to scruffing it out with an eccentric Communist for third place. Fillon has been sandbagged by allegations, and now a prosecution, against his British wife for pay she received over many years for public-service work of disputed value. Jean-Luc Mélenchon and his “France Unsubmissive” movement, want a 100 percent tax on all incomes above $400,000, a general redistribution of wealth to achieve equality of wealth, (pure Marxism), while opening the borders to unlimited immigration, devolving most of the president’s powers on the legislature, and handing control of the private sector, effectively, to France’s militant labor unions. He wishes France to withdraw from the European Union and NATO.
Mélenchon could pass Fillon, and is being urged by the fifth candidate, Socialist Benoît Hamon, to join him in a Federation of the Left of the kind that Francois Mitterrand used to lead. Hamon has only a slightly less Marxist program than Mélenchon: a state-guaranteed income for everyone, a much-reduced work week, and entirely renewable energy. If such a union were effected, the combined party would be neck and neck with Le Pen and Macron. Fillon would presumably then withdraw in favor of Macron, who would be elected on the second, run-off, ballot. But Charles de Gaulle’s great achievement in twice outwitting and crushing the Communists, after the Liberation in 1944 and in the uprisings of 1968, would have been turned upside down and the Marxists would have proved more durable than the Gaullists, as the completely unknown quantity, Macron, took the presidency. As long as Macron is not a complete charlatan, the forces of sanity are still marginally ahead in France, but it is very precarious.
It is a little more promising in Germany, but nothing to be complacent about. The new leader of the Social Democrats (SPD), Martin Schulz, has brought his party from 15 points behind Chancellor Merkel’s governing Christian Democrats (CDU), to about even (some one-third of the voters each). Schulz is from the leftward side of the SPD, like Willy Brandt, and favors a more centralized federal Europe, with the Brussels government really answerable to the European Parliament, an integrated European military, and a deemphasized relationship with the United States. He appears to wish a Europe that will be able to hold its own with Russia without American assistance — not a concept that would distress the Trump administration, to which Schulz is outspokenly hostile. He seems better disposed to Palestinians than to Israelis, but there is certainly no sign of anti-Semitism, and Europe, despite its illusions, has no influence in the Middle East.
The rest of the German political spectrum is held by four parties, which are polling at between 6 and 8 percent of the vote each: the conservative Free Democrats, the detritus of the old East German Communists, the ultra-Left Greens, and the conservative and immigration-wary Alternative Party. The two plausible outcomes at this point are another grand coalition between the two main parties, which would be complicated in policy terms, and a Christian Democratic government supported by the Free Democrats and the Alternatives. If the polls don’t move much from where they are, this would be a tenuous regime. After twelve years in office, Angela Merkel and her CDU are looking pretty tired, and are still wobbling somewhat after the near-death political brainwave of admitting a million Middle Eastern refugees.
As might be expected, Italy is the most exotic of all the major countries. The mainstream centrist Democrats, not completely daunted by losing their climactic referendum on constitutional reform, are running even with the Five Star Movement of vulgar, furry-faced, chronically unserious comedian Beppe Grillo. The alternative government is thus a comedy operation, whose program is essentially a campaign for clean government, something Italy has never enjoyed in 2,500 years of documented history. Grillo is critical of European institutions, but not especially leftist in his economic views, and doesn’t make a great issue out of foreign policy. The Northern Alliance and Italian Force parties, which include much of the residue of Berlusconi’s support, as well as some quasi-fascists and others, if in coalition, would come up to about equal size with the Democrats and Grillo’s group. It isn’t markedly less confused than the Italian political scene usually is, but the country is very debt-ridden and economically sluggish, and there is room for concern that the ramshackle Italian political circus could finally break down at any time. (Grillo can’t serve in public office because of past legal problems.)
Of the large Western democracies, only the United Kingdom and Canada look quite stable, and if they wobble, it will be a sign that anything can happen. But even in Britain, there is only one party (Conservatives) remotely capable of governing, and the Scots have started their silly separatist agitation again. In Canada, it took two referenda to get rid of the Quebec separatists, and the Scots have a less serious claim to independence, so this foolishness must stop.
In India, Uttar Pradesh, a state of 220 million people, has just come under the leadership of a militant Hindu priest, who has unleashed an “Anti-Romeo squad” against Muslim “love jihadists” (Muslims supposedly trying to seduce Hindu girls) and is erecting a temple to a God of early Hindu mythology in place of a mosque that was destroyed by mobs 25 years ago, causing riots throughout the country; he is also closing butcher shops to protect the sacredness of cows. India is becoming a little less dysfunctional, but it is an uneven slog.
South Korea is choosing a successor to President Park Geun-hye, who was impeached and imprisoned for falling under the influence of a corrupt shaman, and in Thailand, the new king is shaving the heads of officials that he dismisses for such offenses as “procrastination,” lack of “enthusiasm,” and “extremely evil behavior.” (By these criteria, there would be a vast number of bald, unemployed public officials throughout the West.) There is more room to wonder whether democracy is working in the world than at any time in the past 50 years. The basic problem is that technology creates unemployment and there are not jobs for everyone, nor are those with real jobs easily able to generate enough earnings to provide for a reliable safety net, even if the imagination existed to design one. Few governments in advanced countries are facing up to the problem seriously.
This brings us back to the United States, which has had 23 years of gridlocked government, since Bill Clinton lost the Congress to Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole in 1994, apart from the first two Obama years. Then the egregious Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi were given the dwarf-toss. There can be no collusion with the Democrats until they stop trying to impeach Trump for the non-existent Russian connection, and the president will just have to keep his congressional party happy enough to accomplish something. He is golfing with Rand Paul and rising above John McCain’s agitations to maintain influence for himself by opposing the nuclear option in confirming a Supreme Court justice. The Democrats’ slow-motion attempt to get Judge Neil Gorsuch to pre-commit on abortion and other issues, and Schumer’s ex cathedra assertion that Trump must change nominees to suit the minority rather than change rules to defeat it is an outrageous effort to emasculate the administration and the Republican congressional majority and to overturn the election result.
The Democratic media are already cranking up to dismiss the first hundred days as a failure because it is obviously going to take a lot longer than that to get the Trump program legislated. The president has to rise above the backbiting and atmospherics, get Gorsuch confirmed one way or another, and start feeding in his tax and revised health-care proposals in increments. Unless Schumer and Pelosi are now on a suicide mission, they will not seriously contest a health-care clean-up of the present Obamacare shambles — whatever can be agreed among the Republican factions — and they will not vote against reduction of corporate and capital-gains taxes, and income taxes on people of modest incomes. Enough savings and believable projections of economic growth to manage the deficit will have to be produced, and a largely private-sector infrastructure renovation would get bipartisan support and could be kicked off with some proceeds from incentivizing the repatriation of $2 trillion of retained profit of U.S. corporations overseas. A benign cycle has to start, but once started, it could gain momentum quickly. No one can stand the Gong Show of these many years much longer. Donald Trump is irrepressible, which is what is needed to win this war of attrition.
— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and Flight of the Eagle: The Grand Strategies That Brought America from Colonial Dependence to World Leadership.



ARTICLE
In the Wall Street Journal this weekend, psychologist and professor Jonathan Haidt used a jarring phrase to describe the angry mob of protesters that shut down a speech by social scientist Charles Murray at Vermont’s Middlebury College. “On each campus,” he wrote, “there are some true believers who have reoriented their lives around the fight against evil.”
Haidt is a one-time gun-control-backing liberal deeply troubled by the atmosphere of intimidation spreading on American campuses. So his word choice is revealing: In a world of human traffickers, the Taliban, ISIS, drug cartels, and oppressive regimes, a small but significant number of students are convinced that distinguished conservative academics are the true incarnation of evil. How did young people, traditionally thought to be full of sunny idealism and determination to make the world a better place, come to provide the most prominent example of intolerant cultural fundamentalism in American society?
Stephen Dubner, co-author of Freakonomics, makes an unexpected but logical argument that illuminates a great deal about modern politics: A strong sense of right and wrong, he says, can get in the way of problem-solving, particularly when cooperation and collective action are required:
This is a key lesson learned in relationship therapy, workplace team-building exercises, and the like: “It’s not you against me; it’s you and me against the problem.” Unfortunately, too many on both sides of the aisle can’t internalize it.
Today’s Republicans and Democrats see completely different worlds with completely different problems. When discussing the threat of Islamist terror, conservatives and liberals can often seem to describe completely separate realities. The conservative sees a religion with a billion followers who actively condone or tacitly accept the horrific violence of the most intolerant among them, hiding behind empty platitudes like “Islam means peace” when called on their inaction. The liberal sees a history of Western aggression against the Muslim world — the Crusades, the Iraq War, ongoing drone strikes — and Western societies that treat every Muslim as a second-class citizen and a born suspect. He believes that this Western atmosphere of contempt and seething resentment practically pushes young, impressionable Muslims into the arms of jihadist recruiters.
It is just about impossible to design an effective counterterrorism policy that incorporates both of these worldviews.
Today a lot of political arguments amount to “the real problem is those people.” The student mob at Middlebury didn’t hope Charles Murray could be persuaded by their arguments to renounce The Bell Curve; it wanted him banned from campus. Even entire groups of people are sometimes written off as hopeless in the same way, simply for electing the wrong leaders; a writer at The New Republic recently called for “blue states and cities to effectively abandon the American national enterprise,” dismissing the rest of the country as “crazy, deadbeat in-laws.”
Since January, some substantial number of Democrats have concluded that the single biggest problem facing the country is President Trump himself. They believe he is a Russian agent, a fool, ignorant, racist, prone to fanciful and bizarre beliefs, insane, selfish, and/or greedy — in other words, the Worst Person in the World. Many of them will never accept him as the legitimate president of the United States, because of Hillary Clinton’s win in the popular vote, the unanswered questions about Russian efforts to influence the election, and their sheer distaste for him.
This refusal to accept the result of the 2016 election manifests itself every day in Washington. If you’re a Trump nominee, there’s a good chance that Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer thinks you should be withdrawn. If you’re confirmed, Schumer probably thinks you should recuse yourself. If you won’t recuse yourself, in the not too distant future Schumer will probably begin to demand your resignation. There is no way the Trump administration could possibly please him, or the party base he hears so clearly. They’d sooner see Charles Murray warmly welcomed on a return visit to Middlebury College than work with the president, because the president is precisely the problem they want “solved.”
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece is reprinted with permission from Acculturated.
One infernal afternoon, in the Deep South town of Meridian, Mississippi, Joan Didion saw a man brandishing a shotgun in the center of the town square. “He had on a pink shirt and a golfing cap,” she writes, “and in one ear there was a hearing aid. He raised the shotgun and shot the roof of a building several times.”
This scene is from Didion’s newly published notebooks from the summer of 1970, South and West, which details a road trip she took with her husband, writer John Gregory Dunne, with a vague plan to write something about the South. “The idea was to start in New Orleans and from there we had no plan.”
Unlike the recent spate of books, including Arlie Russell Hochschild’s Strangers in Their Own Land, in which writers try to explain the cultural chasm that divides Americans by, in effect, strapping on a pith helmet to document the movements of the white underclass, Didion’s slim volume is impressionistic. It’s at once poetic and unsentimental, as only Didion can be, but her focus blurs. Didion had “a sense which struck me now and then,” she writes, “which I could not explain coherently, that for some years the South and particularly the Gulf Coast had been for America what people were still saying California was, and what California seemed to me to not be: the future, the secret source of malevolent and benevolent energy, the psychic center.” The exact argument eludes her, though, leaving Didion with disconnected notes, yet with a narrative tension.
Nevertheless, in this picturesque journey taken a half-century ago, Didion puts her finger on something prescient, something strikingly contemporary. Didion sensed a hardening in American cultural life, an already emerging divide between coastal elites and Hillary Clinton’s “deplorables,” the ostensibly benighted people who “cling to guns or religion,” in President Barack Obama’s sneering phrase.
So who does Didion meet on her journey, and what does she see? One evening finds her having dinner in the Garden District home of Ben C., a genteel New Orleans grandee. He interrogates her with an unmistakable hint of menace about her work as a journalist — her non-fiction collection Slouching towards Bethlehem was starting to get serious national attention at the time — and demands to know who allowed her to “spend time consorting with a lot of marijuana-smoking hippie trash”:
Didion swims in brackish hotel pools that smell like fish. She attends a Mississippi broadcasters’ convention in Biloxi and overhears a snippet of conversation between two wives, with one inviting another to visit: “‘We’ll never get up there,’ the first woman said. ‘I never been anyplace I wanted to go.’” A sense of torpor and resignation hangs over everything Didion observes. Interviews with students at a cosmetology school and a vocational college in Meridian are arranged, but when Didion arrives at the appointed time, the building is deserted. “We had misunderstood one another, or we had not,” she writes.
The locals stare at Didion as if she’s an alien, an unmistakable outsider — and that’s what she is, with her soft, un-lacquered long hair, parted in the middle, and her bikinis. Didion recognizes the structural bind this places her in. She comes from a world where the best restaurant in town is most certainly not the Holiday Inn. She watches a movie starring George Segal and Eva Marie Saint in a Mississippi theater in which “the audience, what there was of it, gazed at the screen as if the movie were Czech,” and thinks to herself that, just weeks before, she was hobnobbing with Eva Marie Saint herself at a Malibu soiree. Meanwhile, her subjects bristle at being observed as if they were savages in the wild. That tension haunts her narrative, and is almost palpable when she speaks with the defensive white owner of a radio station that serves the black community. He assures her that racial progress has been made, and that the KKK no longer have much cultural influence, but adds: “I’m not saying I’m going to have a black minister come home to dinner tonight because I’m not.”
Didion understands that the premise of her undertaking is to travel among the presumed lower orders and report back to the stylish set. Perhaps she felt uncomfortable with writing a cheap piece for what Tom Wolfe called a “totem newspaper,” a publication that “people don’t really buy to read, but just to have, physically, because they know it supports their own outlook on life” — and also signals they belong to a certain social class. For whatever reason, she ultimately abandoned the project, defeated by a place that she sensed was beginning to unravel, its culture surrendering to dysfunction and hopelessness. It would be the same kind of people who, decades later, would be suffering from broken marriages, wide-scale opioid addiction, suicide, joblessness, and rising illegitimacy rates. And they would help put Donald Trump in the White House. Didion couldn’t get out of there fast enough.
— Amy Anderson is a writer for Acculturated, where this piece originally appeared. It is reprinted with permission.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece is reprinted with permission from the Adam Smith Institute.
Health care in the United States is famous for three things: It’s expensive, it’s not universal, and it has poor outcomes. The U.S. spends around $7,000 per person on health care every year, or roughly 18 percent of GDP; the next highest spender is Switzerland, which spends about $4,500. Before Obamacare, approximately 15 percent of the U.S. population were persistently uninsured (8.6 percent still are). And as this chart neatly shows, their overall outcome on the most important variable — overall life expectancy — is fairly poor.
But some of this criticism is wrongheaded and simplistic: when you slice the data up more reasonably, U.S. outcomes look impressive, but being the world’s outlier is much more expensive than following behind. What’s more, most of the solutions people offer just don’t get to the heart of the issue: If you give people freedom they’ll spend a lot on health care.
The U.S. undoubtedly spends a huge amount on health care. One popular narrative is that because of market failures and/or extreme overregulation in health care, prices are excessively high. So Americans with insurance (or covered by Medicare, the universal system for the elderly, or Medicaid, the government system for the poor) get the same as other developed world citizens, but those without get very poor care and die younger. A system like the NHS solves the problem, according to this view, with bulk buying of land, labor, and inputs, better incentives, and universal coverage.
But there are some serious flaws in this theory. First, extending insurance to the previously uninsured doesn’t, in America, seem to have large benefits. For example, a recent NBER paper found no overall health gains from the massive insurance expansion under Obamacare. A famous RAND study found minuscule benefits over decades from giving out free insurance to previously uninsured in the 1970s. In fact, over and above the basics, insuring those who choose not to get insurance doesn’t ever seem to have large gains. Indeed, there is wide geographic variation in the life expectancy among the low income in the U.S., but this doesn’t even correlate with access to medical care! This makes it unlikely that the gap between the U.S. and the rest is explained by universality.
To find the answer, consider the main two ingredients that go into health outcomes. One is health, and the other is treatment. If latent health is the same across the Western world, we can presume that any differences come from differences in treatment. But this is simply not the case. Obesity is far higher in the U.S. than in any other major developed country. Obviously it is a public-health problem, but it’s unrealistic to blame it on the U.S. system of paying for doctors, administrators, hospitals, equipment, and drugs.
In fact, in the U.S. case it’s not even obesity, or indeed their greater pre-existing disease burden, that is doing most of the work in dragging their life expectancy down; it’s accidental and violent deaths. It is tragic that the U.S. is so dangerous, but it’s not the fault of the health-care system; indeed, it’s an extra burden that U.S. health-care spending must bear. Just simply normalizing for violent and accidental death puts the U.S. right to the top of the life-expectancy rankings.
This is what we’d expect if we approached the topic more honestly, and dug into the detail of health-care stats. You might think — you might think! — that this is what international health-care rankings like those from the WHO or the Commonwealth Fund do. Not so. The WHO just looks at a corrected life-expectancy measure, but not one corrected for any of the factors which attempt to isolate the impact of health care. The Commonwealth Fund’s is a mix of high-level aggregate measures such as physicians per capita and a survey asking people around the world questions like whether “Doctor or other clinical staff talked with patient about a healthy diet and healthy eating.” Neither is useless, but they are not the real deal.
Academic papers that drill down into the detail find that the U.S. does well in cancer survival, heart attack, and stroke survival, and successfully medicating those with long-term conditions such as diabetes. In fact, when the Commonwealth Fund itself did this sort of analysis decades ago, the U.S. ranked among the best of countries. This is partly because the U.S. has much more advanced equipment, partly because it funds more costly treatments in general, and partly because it funds the newest treatments, when their marginal costs are often stratospheric. This may subsidize medical research for everyone else.
Now, this is not to say the U.S. system works well. The fact that the U.S. spends vastly more than everyone else, and does only a bit better, if that, makes the system pretty unimpressive. But it’s important to understand why. The U.K. really does have “death panels” that refuse treatments because they’re extremely costly relative to their tiny impact. The U.S. has a system where most people can buy — are even subsidized through the tax system to buy — insurance that is as extensive as they like, paying for ever more expensive and marginally beneficial therapies. Eventually you’re spending a fifth of your GDP on it.
Maybe if the U.S. government straightened things out — scrapped the incentives that push people to get too much health care and deregulated the system to increase competition and push down costs — the U.S. would spend a more rational share of its income on health. I think this is pretty likely. But I bet the gap wouldn’t go away fully. Americans just have a lot of cash, and want to spend an increasing share of it on their well-being as they get even richer. As long as the system is mostly open, I’d expect that to continue.
– Ben Southwood is the head of research at the Adam Smith Institute, where this piece originally appeared. It is reprinted here with permission.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Do conservatives — or, for that matter, non-leftists — appreciate just how terrific Donald Trump has been as president? And how lucky we are that he won the presidency?
I don’t know the answer.
What I do know is that they ought to be deeply appreciative of him, and deeply grateful to luck or Providence, and certainly to Trump himself, that he was elected president. First, it is unlikely that any other Republican would have defeated Hillary Clinton. Second, he has not only surpassed many of our expectations, he has thus far governed in a manner more consistent with conservative principles than any president since Ronald Reagan, and arguably since Calvin Coolidge.
I say this as one who vigorously opposed him during the Republican contest for the nomination. I said from the beginning, in print and on my radio show, that I would support Trump if he were the nominee, but I dreaded his becoming the nominee. His comments about John McCain as a prisoner of war, President George W. Bush lying about WMD in Iraq, the size of his hands; his lack of any history as a conservative; and the seeming absence of a filter between his brain and his phone’s Tweet app – all made it difficult for me to imagine him as a serious president of the United States.
Nevertheless, once he was nominated, I just as vigorously supported him on the simple and, I still believe, unanswerable grounds that while no one could be certain how Trump would govern, we were all certain about how Hillary Clinton would govern – as a leftist. And I truly believed that another four years of left-wing rule meant the end of America as it was founded to be.
That is why I found the arguments of the conservatives who were Never Trumpers – many of whom I work with, admire, and count as friends – not just unpersuasive but incomprehensible. That a conservative could prefer Hilary Clinton – which was the only upshot of a “Never Trump” position – to any Republican could only mean that we have an entirely different understanding of the damage the Left has done and would have done to America and the Western world if Clinton won.
I remember Never Trumpers calling my radio show and asking me how I could possibly believe that, if elected president. Trump would really honor his commitment to nominate to the Supreme Court one of the conservatives on the list of judges he promised to choose from.
He has honored that promise.
And given the supreme importance of the Supreme Court, isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
He has repealed many of the Obama energy regulations that would strangle the American economy. He doesn’t believe that carbon-induced warming of the planet will destroy the human race, the greatest of the innumerable hysterias the Left manufactures and then believes in.
Isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
He has appointed as secretary of education a woman who, as a billionaire, could easily have devoted her life to enjoying her wealth, but instead has fought for American students and their parents to be able to choose their schools just as the wealthy do. And the president has taken on the teachers’ unions, the only group that has ever given American teachers a bad name.
Isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
He has appointed a woman to be ambassador to the United Nations who is calling the U.N. the naked emperor that it is. And now America is backing, rather than subverting, Israel in that benighted institution.
Isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
By building a wall along our southern border, he is reasserting the belief that America actually has borders.
Isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
And then there is tax reduction and simplification, so that private citizens can keep more of their money and corporations can be far more productive.
Isn’t that reason enough for conservatives to celebrate his presidency?
And now he has vowed, after decades of American obsequiousness, to confront the sociopathic North Korean regime.
The American media – most particularly its elite – no longer even feign objective reporting. It is solely an arm of the Left and of the Democratic party; its task being the delegitimization of the Trump presidency.
If you live among liberals, it is not chic to express support for President Trump. But it is time more of us did so. If people abandon you because you support this president, they weren’t serious friends to begin with. And, sorry to say, they aren’t worthy of you. Somehow you have been able to look beyond their support for the America- and West-destroying Left. But they can’t look beyond your support for the first conservative president in a generation – and the gutsiest perhaps ever.
If the president’s approval rating really is in the 30s, this makes overt support for him all the more imperative. Whether you like his Tweets or not, his fate is our fate.
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
With only three Senate Democrats currently lined up to vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court, a filibuster of his nomination appears likely. Yet the knowledge that this won’t prevent him from soon taking his place on the high court isn’t bothering the party’s liberal base. From the moment President Trump put Gorsuch’s name forward, Democrats knew that Republicans wouldn’t hesitate to invoke the so-called nuclear option: Going “nuclear” would change the Senate’s rules to ensure that a simple majority would be enough to secure the nominee’s elevation. But many on the left believe that forcing the nuclear option will be more than a moral victory.
As Democrats see it, the nuclear option would mean that the Left was firmly in charge of the Democratic party, and it would set them up to win back Congress next year. They’d just campaign against what they would depict as a dictatorial GOP. In forcing Gorsuch to depend on a partisan majority for his confirmation, they’d be taking (they hope) a big step toward toppling Trump. But though a filibuster will signal the Left’s dominance of the Democrats, they’re wrong to think this will ensure future electoral triumphs.
If almost all Senate Democrats bow to their base’s demand to go to the last ditch to oppose Gorsuch, it will demonstrate that the party’s activist wing has prevailed against more-moderate members who might be willing to work with Trump under some circumstances. Some Democrats — especially in the 30 states that Trump carried —believe that they must move to the center to win back the working-class voters who gave the president his Electoral College victory. But for those determined to wage a war of “resistance” against a president whose legitimacy they refuse to recognize, everything Trump does must be opposed. Seen in that light, even the futile effort to torpedo Gorsuch — a highly qualified judge without a flaw or scandal in his background that might justify a filibuster — has value because it enforces a rigid ideological discipline even on Senate Democrats facing tough reelection fights in red states.
Those Democrats, such as Montana’s Jon Tester and Missouri’s Claire McCaskill, who are heeding the base’s demand to oppose Gorsuch are making a calculated gamble about their political future. If they vote to filibuster him, they will probably not be challenged from the left during the primaries. They also would be ensuring that the base goes all out to help them in the upcoming midterms. The risk is that a filibuster vote would leave them wide open to the charge that they are obstructionists determined to hamper the president and that they serve only the interests of the Left, even when facing center-right electorates.
If, as most liberals firmly believe, 2018 turns out to be a year in which widespread antipathy for Trump creates a Democratic wave, their wager will pay off. But however confident they might be about Trump’s dragging Republicans down to defeat, predicting elections 19 months in advance is a loser’s game. More to the point, this reasoning ignores the lessons of the 2016 election.
Part of the Democrats’ old coalition defected to Trump or stayed home rather than vote for Hillary Clinton, specifically because they are sick of the Left’s identity politics and ideology. “Resistance” to Trump makes sense if you think his presidency will sink under the weight of his personal flaws or if you have faith that evidence that will emerge to prove alleged collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign last year. But if the various anti-Trump fishing expeditions now under way reveal nothing of substance, if Russia becomes the Democrat’s version of the GOP’s Benghazi obsession, then predictions that Trump won’t survive won’t help endangered Senate incumbents.
Trump’s favorability ratings are currently deep underwater in national polls, but that is no guarantee that Democrats will win in red states next year, especially if they ally themselves with their party’s leftmost wing.
Their assumption that the nuclear option will be a liability for Republicans next year is equally dubious. After all, Democrats were sure that the GOP’s decision not to give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing was going to be a major asset in the 2016 campaign. But by the fall of last year, Garland’s fate was an afterthought. It might be emotionally satisfying to leftists to continue the dispute even after the 2016 election delivered both the Senate and the White House to the GOP, but it’s hardly a battle cry that can appeal to the political center.
Just as important, Democrats have to ask whether preserving a 60-vote threshold for confirming Supreme Court justices is the sort of thing that will appeal to anyone other than hardcore partisans. After all, the 60-vote standard was unknown until the last decade, and it was fatally undermined by former Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid when he dropped it for lower-court nominations in 2013. Increasing numbers of Americans lament the vicious partisanship of Washington. Forcing the nuclear option on filibusters will only widen the divide between the parties and doesn’t seem like a smart way to appeal to voters in the states where congressional majorities will be decided in 2018.
Hard as it may be to accept, Gorsuch’s impending confirmation, whether or not it happens via putting an end to the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations, will be a victory for Trump and the Republicans. The Left may take comfort in the idea that they have bullied red-state senators into joining the “resistance,” but any idea that this will help them win back the Senate or even save red-state seats is wishful thinking.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
When free speech threatens government power, government has a tendency to get curious about the identity and funding of dissenting speakers. This was true in the civil-rights era, when the state of Alabama tried to force the NAACP to divulge its membership lists. It was true during the Obama administration, when the IRS targeted the Tea Party for illegal scrutiny not merely by asking in some cases for donor lists but also by inquiring about the political activities of family members of tea-party leaders and the login information of tea-party websites. And it was certainly true in the state of Wisconsin, when law enforcement used terrifying dawn and pre-dawn raids to gather information about First Amendment–protected issue advocacy about labor-union reform.
But why threaten to batter down a door when you can just pass a law that batters away at the Constitution?
That’s the state of New York’s approach, and it’s now facing one of the more important First Amendment challenges that you’ve likely never heard of. The case is called Citizens Union of the City of New York v. The Governor of the State of New York, and the law it’s challenging is a sprawling, complex monstrosity that imposes extraordinary regulations on speech about political issues, not just in support of political candidates. In other words, if nonprofits want to speak about life, gun rights, tax reform, or any number of issues that profoundly affect American lives, they will now find state bureaucrats watching and examining their activities closely.
Like many campaign-finance or so-called transparency regulations, devilish government intervention is hidden within a labyrinth of details that even lawyers struggle to decipher, but the bottom line is that the law guts donor confidentiality when a 501(c)(4) — the kind of nonprofit at issue in the Tea Party–targeting scandal — actively tries to influence public policy. In other words, if it tries to reach 500 or more people in the general public and “refers to and advocates for or against a clearly identified elected official or the position of any elected official or administrative or legislative body relating to the outcome of any vote or substance of any legislation, potential legislation, pending legislation, rule, regulation, hearing, or decision by any legislative, executive or administrative body,” then the law triggers extraordinary disclosure obligations.
Notice the incredible breadth of the law. If a nonprofit wants to advocate against even the position of an elected official (not even against their election or reelection), they’re going to be forced to disclose the identities of every management official in the nonprofit, describe the communications covered by the law, detail the key financial arrangements that facilitated their communications, and then disclose all of the organization’s significant donors (those who gave $1,000 or more). The law even extends similar disclosure requirements to 501(c)(3) organizations when they make even minimal financial or “in-kind” donations (such as office space or office supplies) to covered 501(c)(4) organizations.
The end result is a law that gives government and hostile members of the public a splendid way to monitor private citizens who engage in speech on matters of public concern. This gets transparency and accountability exactly backwards, and it degrades the sanctity of anonymous speech, a right that was critical to the founding of our constitutional republic and has proven critical to public reforms ever since. Transparency is a government obligation. Anonymity is a First Amendment–protected individual right.
While private citizens in the U.S. as a general matter don’t face the same risks that members of the NAACP faced in Alabama in the 1950s, free speech still carries with it substantial and increasing perils. You name the hot-button political issue, and you can find people who’ve suffered from boycotts, job loss, harassment, and even physical threats (on both sides of the political aisle). We’ve already stripped anonymity from direct donors to political campaigns, but if the new message to our nation and culture is “you have free speech to address issues only if you’re strong enough to deal with the consequences,” then public discourse will tend to narrow into the lowest common denominator of inoffensive, irrelevant speech or remain the exclusive province of those few people willing to endure unacceptable risks.
Simply put, a robust First Amendment requires substantial protection for anonymous speech — especially speech about political issues. Indeed, “the First Amendment was fashioned to assure unfettered interchange of ideas for the bringing about of political and social changes desired by the people.”
Supporters of the law will claim that they’re protecting individual rights through provisions that give the state’s attorney general discretion to restrict public disclosures when those disclosures “may cause harm, threats, harassment, or reprisals,” but this does nothing to preserve anonymity from the government, nor does it protect a right of anonymity from the public. Your right is now a privilege, granted to you by the very officials whose positions you may be attacking and whose priorities you may be frustrating.
If I want to give money to support the cause of life, that’s not the government’s business. If I want to give money to support gun rights, that’s not the government’s business. Indeed, it’s not anyone’s business. In the name of transparency, New York empowers Big Brother. It also empowers hostile mobs. The government isn’t protecting citizens from corruption. It’s corrupting the First Amendment to protect itself.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
The disputed election of Lenín Moreno as president of Ecuador made his leftist allies very happy in that it broke a string of conservative election wins in Latin America.
Venezuela’s bankrupt strongman Nicolás Maduro hailed Moreno, saying on Twitter, “The Citizen Revolution won.” Bolivia’s socialist leader Evo Morales crowed on Twitter that “21st century socialism always triumphs.” Julian Assange, who five years ago was granted asylum in Ecuador’s London embassy by current Ecuadorian leader Rafael Correa, urged trailing conservative candidate Guillermo Lasso “to leave Ecuador within 30 days (with or without his tax haven millions).”
Moreno’s two-point victory is certainly being celebrated — but also questioned. A quick count by a respected local watchdog found that there was a difference of less than 0.6 percentage points separating the two candidates. The group declined to announce which candidate had the advantage.
In addition, three out of the four exit polls released as voting concluded on Sunday showed Lasso with a lead between three and six points. Exit polls can be wrong, but the one that predicted a Lasso win of six points was spot-on in predicting the results of the first round of voting in February. In that election, leftist Lenín Moreno (yes, his first name was given him for ideological reasons) won 39 percent of the vote, narrowly missing an outright victory that wouldn’t have required a runoff. The final results of that first round were delayed for days, as the government-controlled election machinery stalled and dithered until finally admitting that a runoff was needed.
Even more disturbing was the decision of President Rafael Correa, who handpicked Moreno as his chosen successor, to fire General Luis Castro Ayala as the chief of staff of the Ecuadorean army after the first round. General Castro Ayala is said to have played a crucial role, through his moral influence on the National Election Council, in ensuring an accurate count of the first election round.
The day after the first round of voting, he sent a letter to the Joint Command of the Armed Forces, requesting that it consider its constitutional responsibilities to ensure an accurate count. Following his firing, General Castro Ayala told the media that “the armed forces did not handle the entire chain of custody of the ballots in these last elections” as it is normally charged with doing.
According to an article by journalist Carlos Sánchez Berzaín in Diario las Americas, voter fraud has become a growing problem in Ecuador since Correa took power in 2007:
That is the background that explains why protesters besieged the offices of the National Election Council on Sunday night, demanding more transparency from the bureaucrats inside. Guillermo Lasso, the losing conservative candidate, said he would challenge the results in all of Ecuador’s 24 provinces. “This is very sickening. We’re not going to allow it,” said Lasso, adding that he had shared his concerns with the head of the Organization of American States. He accused Correa of trying to install an “illegitimate” government.
I don’t know if there was actual fraud in Ecuador’s election, but there certainly is enough smoke to merit an arson investigation. Perhaps some whistleblowers will step forward and, like General Castro Ayala, express their concerns. I’d just advise them not to give their information to Julian Assange’s WikiLeaks. Guillermo Lasso had promised to remove Assange from Ecuador’s embassy in London within 30 days of taking office. If there was fraud in Ecuador’s election, I doubt that Assange is interested in doing much to uncover it.
— John Fund is NRO’s national-affairs correspondent.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
As Democrats and the scientific establishment howl over President Trump’s proposed budget cuts to the National Institutes of Health (NIH), Congress is investigating whether that agency misspent U.S. tax dollars to fund two European cancer institutions now under scrutiny for conflicts of interest and dubious science. Key lawmakers are also trying to understand the nature of the cozy relationship between federal bureaucrats with budgets and foreign researchers who are eager to accept grants to promote a political agenda at taxpayers’ expense.
On March 24, House Science, Space, and Technology Committee chairman Lamar Smith sent a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price (who oversees NIH) requesting information about millions of dollars paid to the Ramazzini Institute, an obscure but controversial cancer not-for-profit based in Italy. The funds were given out by NIH’s National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), run by Linda Birnbaum; she is also, coincidentally, a Ramazzini fellow.
Birnbaum seems to be at the center of a tangled web of federal contracts, agenda-driven scientists and the largely unaccountable organizations that give them cover. Smith accuses Birnbaum’s office of awarding at least $92 million to Ramazzini and Ramazzini fellows since 2009: “The Committee is concerned that contracts awarded to the Ramazzini Institute and its affiliates may not meet adequate scientific integrity standards. If true, this raises serious questions about the integrity of the acquisition process at NIEHS.” Of the payments made directly to Ramazzini, several are from sole-source contracts that did not go through a bidding process. According to the Energy & Environment Legal Institute, which filed suit this month seeking public documents about the payments, NIH has awarded Ramazzini fellows more than $315 million in grants since 1985; Chairman Smith says that it’s “unclear what services were rendered” under NIH contracts with Ramazzini.
According to the Ramazzini Institute’s website, it achieves “extremely important results at international level [sic] in research into carcinogenic substances present in the environment we live in and in the food that we eat.” Ramazzini claims to work with NIH to develop “experimental data from long-term cancerogenesis bioassays . . . and make available to the scientific community the data of the studies published, and therefore to allow qualitative and quantitative evaluation of the risk and other research.” Despite this claim, no scientific research or budget information is available on their website.
Birnbaum — who describes her research as focusing on “the pharmacokinetic behavior of environmental chemicals, mechanisms of action of toxicants including endocrine disruption, and linking of real-world exposures to health effects” — has used her post at NIH to waste hundreds of millions of tax dollars promoting a chemophobic agenda. Her agency gave out $172 million in research grants between 2000 and 2014 to try to show how bisphenol A — commonly known as BPA — affects humans, particularly as a vague “endocrine disruptor.” Birnbaum also squandered $25 million on research that allegedly found male rats exposed to cell phones for nine hours a day had a slight increase in two types of cancer. (She did not respond to an e-mail seeking comment about Congress’s investigation into her agency.)
Congress also wants to know more about NIH’s funding of the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). This France-based agency has been criticized by government and scientific bodies around the world for using shoddy science to reach politically motivated conclusions. IARC, you may recall, is the group that routinely warns the public that any number of factors could cause cancer; we wrote about its finding that red meat causes cancer here. It operates under the purview of the World Health Organization and receives annual funding from NIH.
In a September 2016 letter to NIH, Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, had harsh words for IARC: “Despite this record of controversy, retractions, and inconsistencies, IARC receives substantial taxpayer funding from NIH.” He asked for an accounting of NIH’s funding to IARC, saying their standards are “inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm.”
IARC and Ramazzini also have ties. The working group that produced one of IARC’s most controversial reports — suggesting that the common weed killer glyphosate is probably carcinogenic — included five Ramazzini fellows. That report has been under fire because it flies in the face of other findings as the only study to show that glyphosate causes cancer. Now activists are trying to get the product banned. Glyphosate, the active ingredient in the herbicide Roundup, is used on many genetically engineered crops, which environmental activists oppose.
The man who initiated the glyphosate report — Dr. Christopher Portier — also has ties to Birnbaum and NIEHS. Portier worked for NIEHS for 32 years, most recently serving as Birnbaum’s associate director, and had his own laboratory focused on how the environment negatively impacts human health. He, like Birnbaum, is a Ramazzini fellow. Portier has since become a well-known anti-glyphosate activist.
This is just one more example of how science has been politicized at several federal agencies and why it’s necessary for Congress to finally demand accountability. Under the Obama administration, federal agencies including NIH refused to fully comply with FOIA requests and inquiries from Congress; those records should now be available under the Trump administration.
Activists within the public-health world want us to believe that any cuts to federal research spending will devastate scientific progress. In reality, the NIEHS’s cell phone, BPA, and Ramazzini debacles underscore the fact that when stewards of federal research dollars divert apparently essential science funds to support pet political projects and then defy oversight, Congress and the Trump administration aren’t the ones who should be blamed for halting scientific advances.
— Julie Kelly is a writer in Orland Park, Ill. You can reply to her on Twitter @Julie_Kelly2. Jeff Stier is a senior fellow at the National Center for Public Policy Research, and you can reply to him on Twitter @JeffaStier.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
This is one of those times of year when people who most weeks don’t go to church may find themselves in a pew. Maybe it’s part of a family visit. Maybe it’s tradition. Maybe it’s an itch in need of scratching. Or maybe it’s a desire — and one that could fuel civic renewal.
While the world seems somewhat obsessed with Washington, D.C., albeit for understandable reasons, with a mix of encouragement, concern, dread, outrage — and just about every other kind of emotion in between — we’re missing what a powerhouse a nation of parishes could be.
That’s what California businessman William E. Simon Jr. has set his focus on, with a group he’s founded called Parish Catalyst and with a book called Great Catholic Parishes: How Four Essential Practices Make Them Thrive. Having surveyed 244 parishes, he’s in the business now of sharing what works.
“This is one of the most important things I’ve ever done,” Simon tells me. “It was Rick Warren who pointed this out to me, and he’s right: The local church is the greatest engine for good in history. It’s got the biggest distribution system. It’s got the longest track record. It’s got the most committed people. It’s better than any government, any bureaucracy, any agency. It’s been around for 2,000 years, and there’s no sign that it’s not going to be around for another 2,000 years. You can’t say that about any other entity.”
Focusing on the Catholic piece of the engine, Simon points out that there are roughly 80 million Catholics in the United States, about 80 percent of them affiliated with a parish. “About 64 million Catholics are affiliated somehow or another with a parish. So if only 10 percent of them are paying attention, that’s 6.4 million. If you could double that number, that’d be another 6.4 million. That’s a hell of an opportunity.” The highway to heaven affects not just the souls of individuals but potentially every aspect of American culture and life.
So how to renew and expand the reach of churches, whatever your religious persuasion? Instead of just dropping by for an hour or so on Good Friday or Easter, inquire about making church more a part of your life every Sunday and beyond. It should be more than just by trying to get there in time for a seat. Consider the different ministries or suggest one yourself. “Take small steps,” Simon advises. “Don’t be overwhelmed. Rome wasn’t built in a day.”
For people already in a local church, he suggests considering the needs of already-existing services in the community around it. A soup kitchen? A shelter for them homeless? A hospital? Get people going out and volunteering. Or start a small group discussion on prayer during the week, perhaps reading the Bible, or organizing around tools that already exist, such as videos at Formed.org. Gather for Eucharistic adoration or some ministry, not just on Sunday.
And maybe especially at this time of year, when new people do naturally show up, heed the words of Pope Francis. “We need to remember that churches are field hospitals,” Simon says. “And when the wounded come in, your first question is: ‘Welcome. How can I help? How can I minister you? How can I help?’”
On a recent weekday afternoon I stopped by St. Patrick’s Cathedral in Manhattan and watched the hundreds streaming through every minute. Some would join a line for confession, others would join the Mass in progress, others would pray. (There were selfies and map-checking, too.) And there were candles being lit. At another, more remote New York church days before, I found a “resist” business-card-size notice someone had left in the hymnal, drawing people to the current political situation. I wondered if the card-leaver realized that there’s a real opportunity to be a light instead of cursing the darkness, real or perceived, exaggerated or underplayed. People frequently go to church and light a candle. By staying a while and becoming part of a community of prayer and service, reinvigorating it by your presence and participation, you are a light, with a source in one much greater.
“Be active,” Simon says. “Be involved with the greatest engine for good in history.” And, he emphasizes, “God’s there, God’s love is there. Why wouldn’t you want to be involved in that?” And share it. Our nation’s church communities are home to some of the most powerful things in the world: faith, hope, and love. And couldn’t we use all of it that we can get these days?
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. This column is based on one available through Andrews McMeel Universal’s Newspaper Enterprise Association.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
France — Fact is stranger than fiction. In France, doubly so. On the day I leave for Paris, the following headline adorns Le Monde’s front page: “Fillon Received $50,000 to Introduce a Lebanese Industrialist to Putin.”
Alors. A scandal to mar the French election. Anything less and they wouldn’t really be trying, would they? Of all the world’s political gods, those that serve the French are the most puckish.
And yet, the persistent rumors that have engulfed François Fillon are, in truth, the least interesting thing about this extraordinary election cycle. That Fillon’s descent has left a gaping political void is interesting, certainly. But what’s really fascinating is how it’s being filled. Late last year, it seemed all but certain that France would have a sensible, center-right president of the sort you could take home to your mother. Today? Heaven only knows.
On paper, Fillon was perfectly placed. He had the experience, having been prime minister under Nicolas Sarkozy, and he had the novelty value, having become the North Star of a new French conservatism that has embraced Catholicism in spite of laïcité, turned happily toward “Anglo-Saxon” free markets, and even rebranded its flagship party as “the Republicans.” In addition, he was well suited to bridge the gap between the sects in a country that remains as divided as ever — “How,” Charles de Gaulle asked, “can you govern a country that has 246 different sorts of cheese?” — but has become steadily more right-leaning as the years have gone by. Astonishingly for a French politician, Fillon is running on a platform that would be familiar to voters in the United States: Inter alia, he wants to reduce the number of civil servants, abolish France’s “wealth tax,” abolish the 35-hour work week, reform the health-care system, and raise the retirement age; and, while he has promised to protect the legal status quo, he is vocally pro-life and opposed to gay marriage. For once, the stars seemed to have aligned: The most credible, electable option was also the most sound.
But, damn those puckish gods, it was not to be. And, alas, the alternatives to Fillon are markedly less appealing than is he. There is Marine Le Pen of the Front National (FN), who, despite having distanced herself from her father and swapped open-handed racism for implication-heavy populism, is still rather unpleasant. There is Benoît Hamon, the most left-wing candidate within the Parti Socialiste, whose big ideas are to tax robots and to add a universal basic income on top of France’s creaking welfare state. There is Jean-Luc Mélenchon, a cerebral left-leaner whose destiny is to be the best-spoken also-ran in French history. And there is Emmanuel Macron, a self-described post-ideological moderate who is a leading contender for Luckiest Man in France.
Macron, an independent with no party apparatus around him, is a former Rothschild banker who at one point seemed destined to be a footnote but after Fillon’s implosion is now the odds-on favorite to win the whole thing. Perilously untested, chronically vacuous, and ostensibly tarred by his work under the incumbent president, François Hollande (the most unpopular the Fifth Republic has ever had), Macron nevertheless seems set to take the lion’s share of a political middle that is sorely lacking in credible representatives. Cosmopolitan, pro-immigration, and publicly insistent that “there is no such thing as French culture,” Macron is precisely of whom Marine Le Pen is thinking when she lambastes the “savage globalization that has been a nightmare” for France.
Politically, France is in a bad place. Under Hollande’s feckless leadership, the country has been attacked from both without and within and seen an average of 1 percent growth for almost half a decade. Unemployment among 15-to-24-year-olds is now at a staggering 25 percent and has led to an exodus that has rendered London the sixth-largest French-speaking city in the world. The reflexively proud French are no longer sure that they have a future. They are afraid for their economy. They are afraid of immigration. They are afraid of technology. There is, almost everywhere you go, a tangible sense of ennui. It is an uncertainty that does not suit the people that produced de Gaulle.
For the establishment, the consequences have been grim. As The Economist put it, this year’s primaries brought a “bonfire of the elites.” To have a familiar name in 2017 — be it “Hollande,” “Sarkozy,” or “Juppé” — is to carry a heavy weight around your neck. As in America, many voters are in a burn-it-down mood. And without a strong, “safe” option that can hoover up the middle, the extremists and opportunists have pounced.
Blame it on what you will — “populism,” “nationalism,” the revolt of the forgotten — the traditional French alliances are disintegrating before our very eyes. Why is it that so many are so worried that, this time, the execrable Le Pen family might finally get its hands on power? Because, this time, the support is coming from a variety of different places. The Front National has always had strongholds in the rural, revanchist South, but it is now converting the socialists in the Northeast, appealing to an unprecedented number of voters under 30, and winning over some key blocs of social conservatives who would historically have gone elsewhere. And, crucially, it is making its gains for a host of different reasons.
As France’s flagship pollster, IFOP, has shown, there is agreement among fans of Le Pen and Co. that the streets are too dangerous and that there are too many immigrants. But, outside that, the coalition is intriguingly divided. For the young, the main issue is the economy — remarkably, between a quarter and a third of young voters now claim to support the FN. In the South, it is culture and taxes that drive passions, as well as a latent opposition to gay marriage that its entrenchment in the culture and the law has not dispelled. In the North, the stories echo those from the American Rust Belt: Having seen their industrial jobs disappear, lifelong left-leaners are looking elsewhere. For the first time in their history, reports the news station France 24, the FN’s politicos “have been tailoring their message.”
Outside Marseille Provence airport, in France’s southernmost region, there are Le Pen posters on every pillar. Some feature the veteran fascist Jean Marie Le Pen, and read Avec Le Pen. Contre l’arnarque Européenne! (With Le Pen, against the European scam!). Others show Jean-Marie’s daughter, Marine, and carry a populist slogan: Au Nom du Peuple. Next to them are flyers for another hopeful, an anti-American conspiracy theorist named François Asselineau. His taglines are more paranoid in nature — Suivez votre intuition! (Follow your intuition!) — and there is a contrived heroism in his language. Participer à l’histoire! reads one of Asselineau’s affiches. That’s History with a capital H, one suspects.
Along both the Autoroute du Soleil and the hairpin roads that flirt with the imposing Mount Faron, this pattern continues. For mile after mile I see craggy mountains of chalk and green; the usual array of Tuscan-orange roofs; and, everywhere, posters for the Front National. In the South, this disposition seems to be more ideological than anything else, for there is little obvious poverty in this region. (A decade or so ago, my Malawian cousin was turned away from a restaurant in this area on the open grounds that she was “noire.”) My fellow drivers are retirees, soccer moms, and businesspeople, and they are safely ensconced in Audis, BMWs, and Mercedes. While rural, the area is no backwater. Nearby Toulon has an important enough port to have hosted the scuttling of the French fleet in both 1942 and 1793, and figures prominently in both Victor Hugo’s Les Misérables and Joseph Conrad’s The Rover.
A few miles from the city border, I stop for a break at one of the many pizza places that litter the roadside. The owner of the joint has pasted a Marine Le Pen poster onto an electrical box outside his property. After ordering a Coke, I ask casually about the election: “You think Le Pen has a chance?”
This should have been a straightforward question. Toulon, after all, has a long history with the Front: In 1995, it was one of the four French cities that shocked the world by electing a Front National mayor. And yet, to my immense surprise, I immediately regret the inquiry.
“Who wants to know?” the proprietor asks immediately, cocking his head to the side. I tell him that I am a British journalist who lives in America, and that I’d seen his sign and been intrigued.
“What do they think in America?” he asks, trying to change the focus.
I say that America probably hasn’t given the French election much thought, which is half true and half a dodge designed to leave me on the fence.
“D’accord,” he says, deftly. “So what do you think?”
Busted.
I flirt with the idea of explaining that I loathe Marine Le Pen, that I’m one of those dastardly Anglo-Saxon Atlanticists, and that I haven’t truly liked a politician since Coolidge. But, wanting to stay alive for a few more years, I think better of it, pay for the drink, and move on.
An hour away in Orange, a similar dynamic obtains. Once a major seat in the Roman Empire and home to the best Roman theater in Europe, Orange is another of the towns that elected a Front National mayor in ’95. This year, it will almost certainly go for Le Pen.
In a backstreet near the center of town, I meet a man putting up flyers that are covered in tall capital letters: IMMIGRATION! TERRORISME ISLAMIQUE! FRANCE!
I introduce myself and again ask whether Le Pen has a chance.
“Oui,” he says, looking around.
I encourage him to say more. As he speaks, I am again struck by how seedy the whole thing feels. This is a man who is putting up political posters on the street, and yet his eyes dart nervously as he talks, he declines to give me his name, and he speaks of the candidate he supports as Mr. Rochester spoke to Jane Eyre about his wife. The flyers behind him say “For the people!” and, in this town at least, a majority of those peuple seem to agree with the complaints his literature is making in unabashed 60-point solid caps. And yet he behaves like a naughty schoolboy who has been caught watching pornography in his bedroom. The New York Times tells me that the Front National is “no longer spat upon,” and I see ample evidence of this. Still, there’s a defensiveness at play in the South that smacks more of la résistance than la majorité.
It is a different story in Hénin-Beaumont, a former mining town near the Belgian border that once reliably voted for the Parti Socialiste but has turned lately to the Front. As of 2014, Hénin-Beaumont has a Front National mayor, Steeve Briois. In an interview with Paris Match, a town assemblyman described meetings under the mayor as a “circus” but conceded that Briois had been tactically flexible enough that “a very large majority of the population has no objective reason to complain.”
Even the Communists are impressed. Jacques — I’m calling him Jacques because he doesn’t trust me and won’t give me his real prénom — tells me that he is voting for Le Pen, whom he calls “Marine,” as if they are friends. But, as a former member of the now-routed Parti Communiste, he also likes Benoît Hamon’s idea of taxing robots, which he regards as insidious traitors that are stealing human jobs. Jacques seems smart and put together, and in trying to figure out how someone as lucid as he is could have arrived at the viewpoints he has, I have to remind myself that this is a country in which SWAT teams go on strike if they aren’t permitted to drink at lunch.
Jacques is typical. Writing from Paris in 2007, Christopher Hitchens observed that “there is a reason why the French Communist Party, which used to dominate the working class, the unions, and much of the lumpen intelligentsia, is now a spent force that represents perhaps 3 percent of the electorate. And that reason, uncomfortable as it may be, is that most of the Communist electorate defected straight to the National Front.” Indeed. And in getting there, many have walked straight past center-right candidates such as Sarkozy and Fillon, just as many Rust Belt Americans skipped past Mitt Romney on the way to Donald Trump. Realignments, lest we forget, tend to change things from the ground up.
One can overstate the case. Marine Le Pen is unlikely to become president of France, if just because the system is explicitly designed to prevent people like Marine Le Pen from becoming president of France. According to polling aggregated by The Economist, Le Pen has an excellent shot of getting to the second round — a 93 percent chance, in fact — but after that her odds drop to just 5 percent. The reason for this is simple: In the first round of French presidential elections, the sheer number of non-FN candidates serves to fracture the “normal” vote into small pieces. In the second round, however, that vote regroups behind the most palatable non-FN candidate and vastly outstrips the FN’s 25 percent average.
This is, make no mistake, a Good Thing. Marine Le Pen is not her father, but she is not much better, all told. Like Nigel Farage in Britain, she has a point on the EU, and she is sensible to express concerns about crime and immigration that nobody else will touch. And yet she has an emetically close relationship with Vladimir Putin, takes skepticism toward immigration and trade to unpalatably farcical levels, and, as a Gaullist admirer of dirigisme, is no friend to the market reforms that France so desperately needs. She is, in short, bad news.
And yet that so many “what if?” stories are being written in earnest should indicate that something is afoot. The socialists are no longer winning their voters. The young are becoming radicalized. The political are giving up on politicians. To combine a lack of economic growth with an impermeable elite class is, we are learning, to develop an especially toxic brew — especially when that elite class is perceived to disparage all that the voters hold dear. And in France, of all places?
On the plane from New York, I am struck again by the chasm that has opened between the jet set and everybody else, and by the scale of the opportunity that has presented itself to the iconoclasts. I am on a British airline, and the in-flight magazine is aggressively cosmopolitan. The “Editor’s Note” celebrates, among other things, that a third of Londoners were born abroad. The featured interviewee argues that British television should shed its famous and traditional period dramas in favor of shows about immigrants. And the most prominent advertisement describes “dual citizenship” as “the insurance policy of the 21st century.” If “globalization” were to be parodied by the sharpest minds in the West, it would look a little like this. This, to paraphrase an American refrain, is how you got Brexit. It’s how you’ll get Frexit, too.
Which brings us to Monsieur Macron, the likely next president of France. There seems little doubt that, for now, the French will choose the bloodless option over the crazy option — as well they should. But that Macron will likely prevail will make him no less bloodless, and that he will remain bloodless will, in turn, create a new set of frustrations in a French polity that is moving inexorably rightward. Over dinner in Paris, an anti–Le Pen friend of mine puts it this way: “There is no question that if we get Macron, we will get a Trump, because Macron is the worst possible person for this moment.”
And so he is, which is why even in Paris you see dismissive, desperate signs — Tous sauf Macron! (“Anyone but Macron!”) — and why otherwise sober people are muttering about the coming end of the Fifth Republic. Had his scandals never surfaced, one suspects that Fillon could have taken some of the sting out of this peculiar moment. In his absence, there seems to be nobody else who can. What that means for the French and their system remains to be seen.
— Charles C. W. Cooke is the editor of National Review Online. This article appears in the April 17, 2017, issue of National Review.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
On March 31, South Korea’s former president, Park Geun-hye, was arrested on corruption and extortion charges. Just 20 days earlier, she had been impeached in a historic unanimous ruling by the Constitutional Court. The majority of South Koreans believe that this has been a deeply disgraceful month for national politics; they could not be more wrong. Park’s fall from grace is a triumph of the rule of law and a post-partisan popular will, remarkable in such a young republic. Democracies everywhere should take note.
A soft-spoken conservative favorite, Park Geun-hye hardly seemed primed for such a devastating fall from power. She is the daughter of one of East Asia’s most remarkable leaders in recent history, Park Chung-hee. Park the Elder is credited with transforming war-torn Korea into an industrial and modern state. Though his authoritarian rule and alleged human-rights abuses have long been controversial, he is fondly remembered by the country’s conservative base. With a retro chignon that inspires memories of her late mother, a universally beloved first lady, and somber lips that calls to mind her father’s steely will, Ms. Park marched into the presidential palace in 2013 as though it were her childhood home — as, indeed, it had been, decades ago.
“She brought this upon herself” is a refrain that I hear over and over from Seoul’s denizens. Revelations of cronyism and racketeering that have been trickling out since last fall made for a story worthy of a political thriller. It was alleged that the president had been conferring closely with — and had potentially leaked state secrets to — an unelected, unknown figure whose father had been a shaman and close adviser to Park in her youth. The complex web of influence-peddling and extortion involved many millions of dollars, at least one gigolo, shady equestrian charities, and Samsung executives.
Besides the tabloid-ready gossip fodder, Park’s impeachment and arrest are remarkable for a few reasons. For months, millions of South Koreans took to the streets, making headlines the world over with extraordinarily orderly and peaceful protests. Much to the chagrin of Park loyalists, giant throngs gathered and disbanded with nary a piece of trash left behind, let alone violent incidents. In no small part as a result, the resistance steadily gained in size and moral authority. Furthermore, conservative lawmakers joined their progressive counterparts in large numbers to vote for her impeachment, leading to a Constitutional Court decision that finally ruled for her removal. Partisan politics are usually no less bitter in South Korea than in the U.S., but this process had truly been a rare display of ethics and the law trumping tribalism.
Observing the free, prosperous, and technologically advanced metropolis of Seoul, one can too easily to forget that the democratic republic that Koreans now enjoy is merely three decades old. Between 1953 (the end of the Korean War) and 1987, the country saw no fewer than four coups d’état, four major revisions to the constitution, and an 18-year-long military dictatorship, not to mention at least one massacre of its own people. The nation has been the envy of many developing economies, and now it can reasonably also be regarded as the envy of young democracies.
This is not in any way to sugarcoat the challenges that Koreans face today as their former president awaits possible conviction. Few in Seoul are naïve enough to think that putting one ex-president behind bars is enough to wipe out endemic corruption. What’s more, sluggish economic growth has long been feeding populist resentment, and the current leadership vacuum leaves citizens vulnerable at a time of heightened regional instability. Pyongyang is upping its bellicose rhetoric; Japan is strengthening its military with a resolve unprecedented since World Wwar II; and China is only too happy to strike a more defiant posture against the U.S.-backed regime every day.
All the same, the example of Park’s impeachment speaks powerfully. One can only imagine how North Koreans must feel upon learning, if news somehow leaked through the tightly state-controlled media, that their neighbors to the south just put their own leader behind bars. One hopes that, with a new president to be elected in May, Seoul will be a more effective defender of democratic principles in the region and ally to America. One also hopes that, at least for a minute, feckless leaders around the world learn a healthy fear of the rule of law.
— Simone Grace Seol is a Seoul-based writer and illustrator.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Sportswriter: “You hit only two home runs all last year and already you’ve hit seven this year [1969]. What’s the difference?”
Reds outfielder Alex Johnson: “Five.”
See? Baseball numbers aren’t difficult. But be precise: As players say after a close play, “Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.” And don’t be discouraged if some questions stump you. As Phillies manager Danny Ozark said in 1976, “Even Napoleon had his Watergate.” And as Brewers manager Harvey Kuenn said after losing the 1982 World Series to the Cardinals, “We’re going to hang our heads high.” Now, name the player or players who:
1) Had 297 three-hit games and only one three-strike-out game.
2) Struck out only 23 times in 474 at bats against Hall of Fame pitchers.
3) Batted .415 in 94 at bats against Greg Maddux.
4) Had at least 100 hits from both sides of the plate in a season.
5) Has the lowest career batting average among players with 3,000 hits.
6) Are the three players who each had an OPS (on-base percentage plus slugging percentage) above 1.000 in their final season.
7) Are the four pitchers with more than three Cy Young awards.
8) Are the seven starting pitchers with two seasons with a sub-0.9 WHIP (walks and hits per innings pitched).
9) Are the three hitters to have at least 40 home runs and 100 walks in a season before turning 23.
10) Have the three best OPS seasons at age 20 playing at least 100 games.
11) Are the four hitters with more than 500 home runs and 600 doubles.
12) Has the best stolen-base percentage with at least 500 steals.
13) Was the Hall of Famer who won three MVPs and finished second four times.
14) Was the youngest 20-game winner.
15) Set the rookie record for strikeouts.
16) Holds the record for most extra-base hits by a third baseman in a single season.
17) Among pitchers in the live-ball era (post-1920) with at least 900 innings, had the lowest opponents’ batting average and most strikeouts per nine innings.
18) Is the only player in the top 10 all time in runs, hits, home runs, RBI, total bases and extra-base hits.
19) Is the pitcher with the most strikeouts in his first 100 major league games.
20) Is the only first baseman to have 40 home runs and 30 stolen bases in a season (he did it twice).
21) Are the three pitchers with six seasons with at least 200 strikeouts and no more than 175 hits.
22) Had the longest hitting streak by a catcher.
23) In 1930, hit .386, had 250 hits, hit 40 home runs and drove in 170 but led the league in none of these four categories.
24) Had a higher batting average than Joe DiMaggio’s .408 during DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak in 1941.
25) Was the MVP in two consecutive All-Star Games.
26) Were the two to win rookie of the year, MVP, and Cy Young awards (not all in the same season).
27) Lost no-hitters with two outs in the ninth inning in consecutive games.
28) Is the only player to finish first or second in MVP voting in his first five full seasons.
29) Are the five centerfielders elected to Cooperstown in their first year of eligibility.
30) Has the most World Series hits.
Bonus question: Which broadcaster said, “Ozzie Smith just made another play that I’ve never seen anyone else make before, and I’ve seen him make it more than anyone else ever has”? Hint: He also said, “There’s a fly ball to deep center field. Winfield is going back, back. He hits his head against the wall. It’s rolling toward second base.”
Answers:
1) Tony Gwynn
2) Tony Gwynn
3) Tony Gwynn
4) Garry Templeton (1979), Willie Wilson (1980)
5) Cal Ripken (.276)
6) Ted Williams, Barry Bonds, Shoeless Joe Jackson
7) Roger Clemens (7), Randy Johnson (5), Steve Carlton (4), Greg Maddux (4)
8) Cy Young, Mordecai Brown, Ed Walsh, Christy Mathewson, Sandy Koufax, Greg Maddux, and Clayton Kershaw
9) Mel Ott (1929), Eddie Mathews (1954), Bryce Harper (2015)
10) Mel Ott (1.084), Alex Rodriguez (1.045), Ted Williams (1.045)
11) Barry Bonds, Hank Aaron, Albert Pujols, David Ortiz
12) Tim Raines
13) Stan Musial
14) Dwight Gooden (1985, age 20)
15) Dwight Gooden
16) Nolan Arenado (89)
17) Billy Wagner
18) Hank Aaron
19) Yu Darvish
20) Jeff Bagwell
21) Pedro Martinez, Nolan Ryan, Clayton Kershaw
22) Benito Santiago (34 games)
23) Chuck Klein
24) Ted Williams (.412)
25) Mike Trout
26) Don Newcombe, Justin Verlander
27) Dave Stieb
28) Mike Trout
29) Ty Cobb, Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Kirby Puckett, Ken Griffey Jr.
30) Yogi Berra (71)
Bonus answer: Jerry Coleman, of course.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
In one of the many reunion scenes in T2: Trainspotting, the sequel to the 1996 indie hit film Trainspotting, Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor) tells his old friend Simon, a.k.a. Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller), that after a heart attack, he had a stent inserted that will ensure that he lives 30 more years. He then laments his longevity. He would know what to do with two or three years, but he has no idea what to do with 30. “I’m 46 years old,” he moans, “and I’m f****d!” As with all the major characters in the Trainspotting universe, Renton’s experience is framed by the emptiness of time in a world where meaning has been reduced to arbitrary consumer choice, a world in which, as Renton boldly proclaimed in his famous “choose life” speech in the original, it makes as much sense to be on heroin as not to.
Although it has been 20 years since the original, the characters, dialogue, and action feel fresh and smart. With another terrific soundtrack, and using the same source material (an Irvine Welsh novel), writer John Hodge and director Danny Boyle have achieved the rare feat of creating a film that satisfies the sequel viewer’s desire for both nostalgia and novelty.
Trainspotting focused on four friends: Renton, Tommy (Kevin McKidd), Spud (Ewen Bremner), and Simon. Another of their regular acquaintances is Francis Begbie (Robert Carlyle), the only one in the group who never develops a heroin habit, but his life is equally disordered by a spectacular lust for violence. Explicit sexuality and violence remain as much a part of the world of the sequel as they were of the original film.
The action of T2 can be appreciated without knowledge of the first film, but only to a point. There are clever allusions throughout, not just to the previous film but also to other films, such as Raging Bull, Miller’s Crossing, and The Shining. Early on, T2 recalls the big ending of the original. After a drug sale, engineered by Begbie, that netted the gang a large sum, Mark absconded with the funds and escaped to Amsterdam. It also eventually clues the audience in to the layers of guilt the characters experience for previous wrongs: Mark led Tommy to his death by persuading him to try heroin, while Sick Boy’s infant daughter succumbed to crib death as he and his buddies lay sleeping after taking drugs. But these matters will need to be pieced together on the fly by viewers unfamiliar with the original.
Utterly lost on them will be the sequel’s numerous, subtle allusions to the first film. Trainspotting opens, for example, with a close-up of Renton’s running feet as he flees after committing a robbery. Renton takes a corner, collides with an unsuspecting driver, and rolls over the hood; before taking off again he pauses, leans toward the window of the car, and laughs maniacally at the driver. T2 begins similarly, with a close-up of Renton’s feet, this time as he exercises on a health-club treadmill; suddenly he collapses, is thrown from the treadmill, and lays motionless on the floor.
T2 picks up 20 years after the original, with Mark returning to Edinburgh to face up to his past. Spud is unemployed and still addicted to heroin. Mark arrives just in time to save Spud from suicide. To Mark’s expectation that Spud will express gratitude, Spud taunts, “You already ruined my life, now you ruined my death.” Sick Boy runs a failed pub and makes money running a blackmailing scheme that targets family men whom he films having sex with his Bulgarian-prostitute girlfriend, Veronika (Anjela Nedyalkova). Begbie, whose violence was an occasion for some of the most memorable scenes in Trainspotting, has been in jail for 20 years; he escapes and eventually discovers, in a chance meeting crafted specifically for the world of Trainspotting, that Renton is back. Both Sick Boy and Begbie vow to seek revenge on Mark for his financial betrayal, but the latter’s threat is far more ominous.
Perhaps the most important reference to the original occurs in a scene in which Veronika asks Mark what “choose life” means. She claims Sick Boy goes into occasional rants about it. Mark informs her that “choose life” was the tagline of one of the anti-drug promotions back in the day. Renton’s satirical take-off on that line frames the first film at its beginning and end. In that film’s opening voice-over, Renton offers, in wry, buoyant, ironic terms, the following meditation on a culture of consumer choice:
Renton replaces the prohibitive “Dare to Say No” with his recklessly ebullient “Dare to Say Yes.” Interviewed for a making-of video for the original film, Boyle praised Irvine Welsh’s novel for its honest exploration of both the horrors and the attractiveness of drug use: “It doesn’t flinch to tell you what can happen to you, but it also tells you how extraordinary these drugs can be.”
In T2, we get updated references: “Choose Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and hope that someone somewhere cares” or “chose reality TV, slut shaming, and revenge porn.” We also get a marked change in tone. Whereas the original speech was detached and mocking, an expression of convention-defying self-confidence, the updated version starts out energetic but turns weary, laden with resignation. The accent is on betrayal, disappointment, and death, not as a pursuer with which one races or competes but as the inevitable victor.
If the original film was about gleefully avoiding consequences, the sequel is to some extent about coming to terms with them, but only to an extent. There is good reason to be skeptical that any of the characters will be able to occupy responsible social relationships in any sustained way. They have at best an episodic sense of self, constructed by isolated choices, whose commitments can be unmade as quickly as they have been made. They remain, as one character accusingly and knowingly observes, “tourists” in their own lives.
— Thomas S. Hibbs, the dean of the Honors College at Baylor University, is the author of Shows about Nothing.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
The people of Oakland went into mourning this week while those in Las Vegas celebrated the news that the National Football League’s Raiders were abandoning the East Bay and heading to Sin City. But while any sports fan understands the sadness felt in Oakland and the happiness in Las Vegas, the reaction from taxpayers in the two places should be quite different. Those of Oakland should be cheering their government’s refusal to be shaken down by the NFL, while the people of Nevada ought to be up in arms about the way they are about to be fleeced by billionaires.
The iconic franchise was lured to Nevada by the state legislature’s approval of $750 million in financing toward the building of a $1.9 billion domed stadium where the team would play. While the city of Oakland offered to donate 55 acres to be used for building a new stadium for the Raiders as well as infrastructure improvements that would benefit the team, the NFL preferred the more lucrative bribe from Las Vegas. That means the Raiders will be lame ducks in Oakland for the next two seasons until their current lease expires and they can fly to the desert where by 2020 they will be playing in what will presumably be a state-of-the-art stadium designed to produce far more revenue for the team than their current abode, which was renovated by the city for their benefit in the 1990s.
Teams do provide cities and regions with an almost tribal identity that provides an intangible boost to morale when they win and a sense of shared grief and solidarity when they don’t. The tragedy here isn’t the decision of the Davis family that owns the Raiders to pull up stakes and move their property someplace they can make more money. In theory, that’s capitalism and the fans can always find other forms of entertainment. But the process by which the Raiders and many other professional teams have extorted tax breaks and public financing for their private businesses isn’t free enterprise at work. It’s crony capitalism at its worst.
Sports leagues argue that new stadiums boost local economies and that the money showered on their owners is a good investment since games provide employment and tax revenue that would go elsewhere if teams were to move. But economists from those at the left-leaning Brookings Institution to the libertarian Cato Institute have consistently debunked these claims for decades. The money most fans spend attending games — both at the stadiums and the surrounding neighborhoods — has been shown to be merely transferred from other leisure activities. There is also no net uptick in employment, and most of the jobs that are created by ballparks tend to be part-time and low-paying. As for tax revenue, studies have shown that even the most successful examples of new stadiums built with public money that are intended to anchor neighborhood development — such as the Camden Yards ballpark’s positive effect on Baltimore’s Inner Harbor — haven’t earned enough to justify the investment of public money. Almost all have failed to be self-financing and require substantial ongoing subsidies.
Los Angeles will soon have two new NFL teams (the Rams, who returned last year from St. Louis and the Chargers who are fleeing San Diego), but does anyone think the city’s economy was substantially worsened because it functioned without a pro football team for two decades? There is also is no reason to believe Nevada’s problems will be erased by the arrival of the Raiders. Las Vegas was the focus of a foreclosure crisis in recent years and Clark County — where the city is located — voted to increase class sizes and close a school for at-risk students because of budget shortfalls. Yet the state still found three quarters of a billion to spend on a stadium that will increase the profits of a private business.
While the people of Nevada may feel a certain pride about Las Vegas becoming a “big league” city with the addition of an NFL franchise as well as the one the National Hockey League has awarded it for the 2017–18 season, that’s all they will get out of the transaction. By contrast, Raiders owner Mark Davis and his fellow NFL franchise holders will make a fortune out of a stadium whose design will be geared toward generating increased income from luxury boxes, restaurants, and other bells and whistles that the team’s current home lacks. Taxpayers pay the bill for the stadiums, while almost all the benefits go to private interests. This is a Robin Hood in reverse system that amounts to nothing less than socialism for sports team owners.
Why do cities and states consistently do something that is not in their financial interests?
One can trace the political advantages of governments providing their people with bread and circuses back to ancient Rome. The appeal of team sports in our own day is also undeniable. No mayor or governor wants to be remembered as the person who “lost” a beloved team the way New York City let Major League Baseball’s Giants and Dodgers depart for the West Coast in 1957, leaving behind legions of disillusioned fans. By contrast, politicians who agree to even the most egregious deals in which teams are provided new stadiums virtually free of charge (as, for example, was the case in Pennsylvania when the state agreed to finance two new parks for baseball and football in both Pittsburgh and Philadelphia at the start of the new century) that will make them incomparably richer are lionized even if the net impact on taxpayers is overwhelmingly negative.
At a time when Oakland faces a variety of devastating economic and social problems with limited resources, Mayor Libby Schaaf deserves credit for refusing to be intimidated by the NFL’s shakedown. The NFL is a $14 billion business with television contracts that ensure that even their most poorly run teams are immensely profitable, while impoverished Oakland still owes $83 million on a deal that lured the team back from Los Angeles two decades ago.
Schaaf’s example should also inspire other state and municipal leaders who will face the same kind of blackmail in the future to stand firm. The real villains here are the politicians — like the Nevada legislators — who mortgage the future to build stadiums. As for the team owners who happily accept bribes from states that amount to public subsidies for successful private businesses, if they want new stadiums that will help make them more money, they should pay for them on their own.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter at: jonathans_tobin.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
After the breakdown of health-care reform, both President Trump and the Republican Congress need a W — a win.
And not just any win, but one that will play into the public demand for faster economic growth, better jobs, and higher wages. Recent polls show the nexus of growth, jobs, and tax cuts vastly outranks health care.
So, most important, middle-class wage earners need a W.
We’ve had job creation, but it hasn’t reached all sectors of the population. Consequently, the employment-to-population ratio remains historically low. So does real-GDP growth.
From 1950 to 2000, growth averaged 3.5 percent a year. During the Obama recovery — and frankly going back to the year 2000 — growth has hovered at only 2 percent per year. Real wages have barely improved. New business startups have actually declined. And productivity has flattened.
The hole in the center of this tepid growth story is a lack of business investment. It’s the missing ingredient. From 1950 to 2000, total business fixed investment averaged a strong 5.3 percent annual growth. But since 2000, that figure has dropped to only 1.7 percent.
For 50 years, the capital-labor (K/L) ratio increased by an average 3 percent a year. The capital stock rose 4.3 percent per year. But since 2009, the K/L ratio has fallen by 0.2 percent per year, and the capital stock has grown by only 1.5 percent yearly. This is why productivity and wage gains have been minimal. And the root cause is the lack of business investment.
But the GOP can remedy this by providing new tax incentives (including a rollback of costly regulations) right now. Specifically, the new Republican priority should be business tax cuts first.
While health-care reform simmers on the back burner, the president should go right to business tax reform. It can be nice and simple and easy to understand. There’s virtually a bipartisan consensus for it. Separate it out from the broader and far more complex and controversial issues related to individual tax reform.
Yes, we desperately need personal-tax simplification. We also need lower tax rates across-the-board. We need to clamp down on loopholes and unnecessary crony-capitalist deductions to broaden the tax base. But that’s a much more difficult and longer battle. Save it for next year.
There are hundreds of tax lawyers in Washington who can separate out business income from personal income. That will allow legislation to reduce tax rates for the small S-Corp companies as well as limited-liability partnerships and proprietorships.
So let’s end the war on business. Let’s reward, rather than punish, success. Congress need only go for a 10 percent repatriation rate, a 15 to 20 percent tax rate for large and small businesses, and immediate expensing for new investments.
And perhaps to draw in some Democrats, legislators can use part of the roughly $200 billion in repatriation revenues to provide an equity base for a privately owned and run infrastructure fund. No new Fannie or Freddie. No government directors. Keep it all in the private sector.
And forget the crazy border-adjustment tax (BAT). It would badly damage consumers and the economy when what we need is faster growth.
Meanwhile, don’t obsess over various reconciliation rules. Reconciliation can be whatever you want it to be. The so-called Byrd rule, which stipulates deficit neutrality over the long run, has been broken many times over the past 30 years.
And maybe this time the GOP will talk to the Senate parliamentarian. Or perhaps the president of the Senate, Vice President Pence, can overrule the parliamentarian.
With lower business tax rates and more net business investment to grow the capital stock, the economy is capable of growing over 3 percent yearly. And that 1 percentage point increase from the 2 percent baseline would yield, according to the CBO, more than $3 trillion in deficit reduction over the next ten years.
The misbegotten BAT, and its phony $1 trillion pay-for, can be buried in a deep gravesite inside a large crypt.
Perhaps the major selling point for business tax cuts is the fact that the biggest beneficiaries are middle-income wage earners — not so-called rich people and rich corporations.
Importantly, the best research on this has been done by Kevin Hassett of AEI, and in recent years supported by a number of papers. Ironically, Hassett is slated to be chairman of the president’s Council of Economic Advisors, as soon as his vetting process is complete. No one makes the case better than Hassett that business tax cuts are a middle-class tax cut.
So, with the postponement of health-care reform, we now have more than four months before the August recess to give the country the fuel injection it needs: a boost for wage earners and businesses and consumers and productivity and better jobs.
Put business tax cuts first. Right now.
– Larry Kudlow is CNBC’s senior contributor. His new book is JFK and the Reagan Revolution: A Secret History of American Prosperity, written with Brian Domitrovic.



ARTICLE
The controversy over Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, suspicions of the Trump campaign’s involvement in that interference, and concerns about illegitimate and illegal “deep state” attacks on the Trump administration has become so complicated and saturated with twists and turns as to be almost impossible to follow. Herewith is a modest effort to provide context, assess where we are, and offer a few tentative conclusions — an explainer, if you will:
First, and most importantly, did Russia actually “hack” the 2016 presidential election?
No, and the use of that term to describe what Russia did needs to stop. The Russians hacked a few computers, but they did not “hack” an election. The media’s persistent insinuations otherwise are leading millions of Americans to believe that the Russians actually meddled with the election process itself, including with voting machines. There is zero evidence that occurred. None. Zilch. Nada.
Well, if the Russians didn’t “hack” the election, what did they do?
They sowed confusion and chaos, and there’s strong evidence (according to multiple intelligence agencies) that they ultimately sought to help Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton. Their most infamous move was the theft of e-mails from the Democratic National Committee, which were likely passed to WikiLeaks before becoming the basis of a slow drip of damaging information about Clinton and the Democratic party released into the news cycle.
At the same time, Russia was allegedly using “trolls” and “bots” to impact the news cycle by creating artificial “surges” of commentary online. They also used propaganda outlets such as RT to try to affect the national debate, and intentionally tried to plant certain ideas and themes into the American electorate’s consciousness, including the notion that the election was “rigged” against Trump (a theme Trump himself picked up).
Did the Russians actually help Trump win the election?
We can never really know, and that’s one of the things that make this controversy so toxic. More than 130 million Americans voted in the 2016 election, but the outcome turned on around 80,000 votes in three key states. And the race itself was one of the most scandal-ridden in modern history, conducted by two of the most unpopular major-party nominees ever. Given these realities, any number of factors could have been decisive.
WikiLeaks revelations, “fake news,” and other disruption operations often got lost in a tidal wave of “organic” bad news for the candidates, including Clinton’s self-inflicted e-mail scandal. Even with Russia likely putting its thumb on the scales for Trump, no one can legitimately claim that Clinton received worse or less favorable media coverage than her opponent. He was subject to not just relentless partisan attacks but also to overwhelmingly negative media coverage, much of it due to his own endless gaffes and scandals.
The bottom line? In an election where any number of factors could have influenced the outcome, we’ll never know if Russia put Trump over the top.
It’s horrible that the Russians interfered, but that has nothing to do with the Trump campaign, right?
Whether Trump associates colluded or cooperated with Russian intelligence is the most important remaining question of the entire controversy. To understand why the concern is more than just a tinfoil-hat conspiracy theory, some additional context is needed.
During much of 2016, two things were happening at the same time.
First, Trump had hired Paul Manafort as campaign chair and was receiving campaign advice from Carter Page. Manafort and Page in particular had longstanding business ties to Vladimir Putin’s allies. Manafort had allegedly received millions of dollars in payments from Putin allies in Ukraine and had in the past actively worked to advance Putin’s interests. General Michael Flynn, a prominent campaign surrogate who later became Trump’s first national-security adviser, also had business ties to Russian firms and to RT, the Kremlin-owned propaganda network. And Trump’s longtime friend Roger Stone, who remained an informal adviser to the campaign even after leaving a formal role during the primaries, had still-unclear relationships with the Russians as well. The candidate’s reliance on these men during the campaign, combined with his odd and persistent praise for Putin, raised serious concerns of pro-Russia bias and improper Russian ties. Indeed Trump himself acted late in the race to remove Manafort and Page from his campaign team, allowing Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway to step in and help steer him to an upset win.
Second, at the same time that the media was investigating Manafort’s ties to Putin allies, rumors were rocketing around Washington that Trump officials were working closely with Russian intelligence and that Trump himself had been “compromised” by the Russian government. In other words, people were claiming that the Russian government possessed information about Trump that Trump would not want made public, and thus that the Kremlin could exert undue influence on his presidency. These rumors grew so prevalent that intelligence officials reportedly briefed both Obama and Trump about them.
It turns out that many (if not most) of those rumors were based on a “dossier” compiled by a former British intelligence officer that contained numerous spectacular, lurid (and completely unverified) claims about Trump and Trump’s associates. Multiple news organizations had labored for weeks and months to attempt to verify its assertions and had been unable to substantiate any material allegation. Nevertheless, BuzzFeed chose to release the entire, unverified document into the public square after the election, a decision that has tainted the debate ever since.
That sounds pretty thin and circumstantial, so why is my Twitter timeline lit up with lefties who still think Trump will be impeached?
Well, it turns out that even though the BuzzFeed dossier is unverified, the Trump administration has been caught in lie after lie about its contacts with Russia. Trump and his allies have repeatedly said that no one from his campaign team was in contact with Russian officials during the campaign; anonymous intelligence officials have claimed otherwise, and they supposedly have “intercepts” that prove it. Moreover, Trump administration officials have also misled the public about their contacts with Russians after the election but before Trump took office.
To be more specific, General Flynn apparently lied to Vice President Pence about his contacts with Russia, and it cost him his job. Attorney General Jeff Sessions misled the Senate about his contacts with Russia, and it caused him to recuse himself from the FBI’s Russia investigation. For those keeping score, then, contacts with Russia have cost Trump a campaign chair (Manafort), a foreign-policy adviser (Page), and a national security adviser (Flynn), while also sidelining the attorney general from the FBI’s investigation.
Put all that — really only a partial summary of the Trump team’s Russian contacts — together and you can see why the FBI is currently investigating not just Russian efforts to influence the presidential election but also contacts between Trump’s team and Russian officials.
Wait a minute, you make it sound like Trump or Trump’s team may have done something wrong. I heard that what’s really happening is that the “deep state” is launching a “soft coup” against the duly-elected president. Isn’t that the real scandal?
Well, let’s put it this way: The flood of anonymous and almost certainly illegal leaks that has damaged Trump certainly represents a scandal. It remains to be seen whether it’s the scandal. But first, let’s define our terms. The “deep state” refers to a supposed cabal of hostile, progressive career government employees who are deeply embedded in the intelligence and national-security establishments and eager to disregard the law if it means hurting the White House. “Soft coup” is the hyperbolic term for a supposed effort to literally overthrow the government of the United States, tossing Trump from office.
While people can certainly quibble with the overwrought use of these terms, it does appear that there are a number of government officials who are eager to talk to the press and leak confidential or classified communications. Each time the Trump administration or its allies make a controversial contention, these sources quickly talk to reporters, and within hours (sometimes minutes) tweets and news reports materialize to contradict or contest the administration’s claims.
No one is covering themselves with glory here. The Trump team has trouble telling the truth. Intelligence officials can’t or won’t keep secrets that they’re bound by law to keep. So far, the leaking is working to undermine confidence in the Trump administration and in the intelligence establishment.
I keep hearing about wiretaps, surveillance, and “unmasking.” Who’s bugging whom?
Earlier this month, Trump tweeted a claim that Obama had essentially wiretapped Trump Tower — that the outgoing administration had placed the incoming administration under direct and unlawful surveillance. At this point, there’s no evidence that what Trump said was true. The FBI has denied it — Director James Comey pointed out that president Obama didn’t have the power to order a wiretap — the Obama administration has denied it, and not even partisan Republican members of the House and Senate intelligence committees claim it’s true.
But that doesn’t necessarily mean there was no government surveillance of the Trump administration. Instead, what basically everyone acknowledges is that the American intelligence community monitors foreign powers, and if Americans communicate with certain foreign officials, then those communications are recorded or logged or monitored solely as a matter of course. This is sometimes referred to as “incidental collection.” Normally, the identities of the Americans whose communications were intercepted are concealed to protect their privacy and prevent inadvertent and unjustified suspicion from being cast upon innocent activities. Intelligence officials, however, have a degree of discretion to “unmask” or identify those Americans within the intelligence agency, though not necessarily publicly, if there is concern that they were engaged in improper or illegal activity.
Obviously, this power can be abused, as can the power to monitor foreign officials. For example, an intelligence agency could choose to monitor specific foreign individuals as a pretext for getting at Americans who are known to communicate with them frequently. Or intelligence officials could simply choose to “unmask” individuals for the purpose of embarrassing them or creating exactly the kind of suspicion that is right now rampant in Washington.
Isn’t that exactly what’s happening? I’ve heard that intelligence officials spread allegations against Trump’s team throughout the government. Isn’t that clearly wrong?
It depends on what’s being spread, how it’s being spread, and why. In early March, the New York Times reported that outgoing Obama administration officials had scattered information about Russian interference in the election throughout the government, so that the incoming Trump administration would have trouble squashing the investigation. Later reports indicated that Obama officials even went so far as to provide the numbers of specific documents to members of the Senate Intelligence Committee so that those documents wouldn’t be destroyed.
If these officials were disseminating information about Russian actions and they were following all the laws protecting classified information, there was nothing inherently wrong with there efforts to preserve evidence — especially given the understandable belief that the Trump administration would be less than diligent in pursuing the investigation. If that evidence includes documents or intercepts indicating collusion or cooperation with Russian actions on the part of Trump-campaign officials, then the action becomes even more understandable and justifiable.
If, however, the intelligence community was concerned more with embarrassing Trump and destroying key members of his administration, then their actions start to seem much more sinister. Was the Obama administration really preserving evidence, or was it spreading rumor and innuendo? It’s entirely possible that it was doing both, with some officials preserving evidence in good faith while others spread rumor and innuendo (including by “unmasking” innocent men or women). At this point, we simply don’t know.
Why is the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee under fire? Isn’t Devin Nunes concerned with unmasking and abusive surveillance?
Yes, Nunes is concerned with unmasking. Yes, he’s concerned that hostile members of the intelligence community are breaking the law to undermine the Trump administration. At the same time, however, he’s not a Trump-administration official. He’s the chairman of a House committee that is supposed to provide oversight of the Trump administration. Given that reality, the following chain of events is deeply problematic:
Earlier this month, Nunes was called to the White House grounds (anonymous leaks indicate that his meeting there was in some way facilitated by senior Trump-administration lawyers and national-security aides) to view documents that indicated that Trump administration officials may have been wrongly unmasked in reports of communications with foreign officials. (In other words, these officials were caught up in “incidental collection,” and their identity was wrongly exposed in a manner that Nunes found troubling.)
It was certainly unusual for Nunes to go alone to the White House to view this information, and what followed was even more so: He held a press conference on White House grounds and claimed to have “briefed” the White House on information he apparently got from the White House. At the same time, he refused to share the information with other members of his committee or to identify his source(s). Compounding the problem, when the press discovered his first, secret White House meeting, he appeared to mislead reporters, creating the impression that White House aides knew nothing about it.
In the final analysis, Nunes acted more like a Trump aide or lawyer than like the chair of a House committee. It looks as if the Trump administration used him to provide a form of external validation of Trump’s claims of improper surveillance — and that’s not his role.
I heard that Michael Flynn is willing to testify to the FBI and to the congressional intelligence committees in exchange for immunity from prosecution. Won’t that blow this whole thing open?
Maybe. Maybe not. On TV or in movies, only guilty people with lots of valuable information seek immunity. In the real world, scared, innocent people sometimes seek immunity just as guilty people do, and the information that emerges on the record as a result is not always useful. We simply don’t know what Flynn knows, and it’s unwise to read too much into his immunity request, which, in any case, was denied by the Senate Intelligence Committee as “wildly preliminary.”
Wait a minute, after more than 2,300 words, are you saying that we know Russia tried to interfere with the election, but we don’t know if Trump officials helped or colluded in any way, if Trump himself was involved in any way, if Obama officials have improperly unmasked or surveilled Trump’s team, or who any unlawful leakers were? Is this the least-helpful Q & A ever written?
The answer to all these questions except the last (I hope!) is “yes.” We don’t know the most important facts of the case, but that doesn’t mean that we don’t know anything important. It’s important and troubling to know that members of the intelligence community are seemingly leaking with impunity to damage Trump. It’s important and troubling to know that Trump has lost key aides because of their Russia ties, and that Trump and his team continue struggling to tell the truth about their Russian contacts. And it’s important and troubling to know that huge swaths of the American political establishment are being exposed as purely partisan.
The FBI is continuing its investigation, and so are the House and Senate intelligence committees (though Nunes’s House committee is in a state of chaos). Every major media publication is feverishly chasing the various threads of the story. It’s entirely possible that we’re not at the beginning of the end of this scandal, but rather at the end of the beginning. It’s also entirely possible that the end, when it comes, will leave political casualties on all sides, from bureaucrats who may face prosecution for unlawful leaks to public figures who may face ruin for unlawful or inappropriate foreign contacts.
One thing is clear: The Russian government has run one of the most cost-effective and disruptive espionage operations in history. Through a few simple hacks of the DNC, some basic online trolling, and garden-variety propaganda spread by modern means, the Kremlin has turned a superpower’s politics upside down. Its chief geopolitical rival is divided, with leaders obviously more furious at each other than at the foreign power who created the crisis. Russia may well face a day of reckoning for its attack on our democracy, but for now it has won, and the magnitude of its victory increases with each petty and partisan turn in Washington’s most consequential drama.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
If you want to pinpoint the precise moment when Donald Trump started selling out conservatives, there is a good case to be made for November 20, 2016, at 8:05 a.m.
That is the moment when Trump began his embarrassing if short-lived public campaign of sucking up to Chuck Schumer, and, by extension, to the Democratic/media consortium he represents. When Democrats made it official that Schumer would take over for Harry Reid — a miserable specimen who might well have vied for the title “most dishonest person in American politics” in a world that contains both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton — Trump slobbered all over him with praise: “I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer,” he tweeted. (We should not dwell too long on what to call a “relationship” in which one party gives the other party large sums of money on a regular schedule.) Schumer, he said, “is far smarter than Harry” Reid, a man who “has the ability to get things done.”
Schumer — and this must have shocked Trump — did not permit himself to be seduced by a single fulsome tweet. And so Trump more or less reverted to form.
Schumer eventually answered Trump’s overture a few months later in Schumerian fashion: As Trump’s long-promised repeal of the Affordable Care Act went down in whimpers, Schumer kicked him when he was down, declaring that Trump had “proved to be incompetent” and that his record was likely to amount to little more than “incompetence and broken promises.”
A man who “has the ability to get things done”? He didn’t have to do anything at all — except gloat.
Trump is a man who is constitutionally incapable of taking responsibility for his own defects and errors, and as such requires an enemy. The one he has chosen isn’t Schumer — it is congressional conservatives, the Republican true-believers who make up the grandiosely named “Freedom Caucus.”
One of the arguments for Trump — the argument heard most often on talk radio and on the dopier of the cable-news programs — was this: Even where Republicans enjoy theoretical political superiority in Washington, they do not get very much done, because the Establishment, which is made up of moderates who are too eager to compromise with Democrats, subverts the actual conservatives in the Republican caucus. This was, we were told, the great sin of John Boehner and of Paul Ryan — but with a fire-breathing, earth-shaking President Trump on the case, Republicans would rediscover their spines and arise to victory and splendor.
What is falling into place in Washington right now is something close to the opposite of that.
On the matter of health care, Republicans led by Paul Ryan produced a limp proposal that left the main architecture of the Affordable Care Act in place, offering a few improvements (and a few bad ideas that would have made it a good deal worse) with the promise that this was only the opening salvo in a future shock-and-awe campaign against Obamacare. Conservatives didn’t buy it. Like Rudy Giuliani, Obamacare is what it is, even if it is in drag.
Trump, who has staked so much of his reputation on being a great negotiator, was humiliated.
Trump said he’d move fast in office, and boy has he: He has gone from triumphalism to midterm funk to the inevitable temptation to “grow in office,” all by April.
Now comes the reaching out to Democrats, not only abandoning congressional conservatives but promising to “fight” them, retreating into his little cabal of decidedly unconservative family advisers (Ivanka Trump, who the day before yesterday swore she’d never have a formal role in her father’s administration, is setting up shop in the West Wing and soon will be a federal employee), and talking up Democratic priorities such as raising taxes on financial firms.
Which is to say, Trump is teeing up the same shot that his most enthusiastic supporters associate with the hated Establishment: Lining up Republican moderates and Democrats in a bipartisan coalition against conservatives.
Conservatives should not be under any illusions about President Trump’s orientation at this moment. After the health-care debacle, he is proceeding as though he believes that conservatives are his enemies, and he is ready to recruit Democrats, who will bring their policies with them, into that fight. Trump being Trump, nobody knows where he’ll be politically the day after tomorrow, but from one point of view it makes no sense to worry about Trump’s selling out conservatives: He was never a conservative to begin with, and it is impossible to betray principles that one does not in fact hold.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.
READ MORE:
 
 



ARTICLE
I’ll give the mainstream media this much: It’s absolutely consistent in its inability to understand or explain use-of-force law generally and “Stand-Your-Ground” laws in particular.
The most recent example comes out of Tulsa, Okla., where this past Monday a 23-year-old staying at his father’s home encountered three armed assailants who had forcibly entered by kicking in the back door.
Unfortunately for these home invaders, the 23-year-old possessed a loaded AR-15 rifle, and he knew how to use it. All three suspects ended up dead. A fourth, the getaway driver, would later turn herself into police. The shooter immediately called 911 to report the incident, a call which is remarkable in its own right. (Seriously, go listen to it.)
As seems inevitable in any media coverage of a self-defense shooting, news reports of the incident routinely made reference to “Stand-Your-Ground”:
As also seems inevitable, these references to “Stand Your Ground” laws betrayed a shocking inability to understand what such laws actually mean.
The first thing to know about “Stand Your Ground” is that traditional self-defense law often imposed a legal duty to retreat before using defensive force if a safe avenue of retreat was available. “Stand Your Ground” serves to relieve a defender of that duty to retreat in cases where it would previously have existed — and that is all that “Stand Your Ground” does.
This means, of course, that in circumstances in which no legal duty to retreat exists, “Stand Your Ground” is entirely irrelevant, because no one needs to be relieved of a legal duty he never had in the first place.
If no safe avenue of retreat is available, then there is no legal duty to retreat, even in the absence of a “Stand Your Ground” law. If there exists a safe avenue of retreat for the defender, but that path of retreat is not safe for a person accompanying the defender (e.g. a small child or elderly parent), the defender is not required to leave the other behind, and thus there is no legal duty to retreat, again rendering any “Stand Your Ground” law irrelevant.
And then there is the universal exception to any legal duty to retreat: the so-called Castle Doctrine, which holds that even in cases when one would otherwise have a legal duty to retreat, that legal duty doesn’t apply if they are in their “castle” — meaning their home and sometimes their business or vehicle — and they are facing armed intruders who have forcibly entered. In such a home-invasion, there is no legal duty to retreat, so “Stand Your Ground” laws do not apply.
This last circumstance is precisely what that 23-year-old Oklahoman faced on Monday, and there is no state in the country where he would have had a legal duty to retreat, meaning his actions were not governed by “Stand Your Ground” law. Instead, he found himself in a very straightforward defense of dwelling scenario. Under Oklahoma law, as in many states, a home defender in this situation is also favored by the creation of certain legal presumptions that strengthen the legal defense for their use of force.
The relevant Oklahoma law is easily found in Oklahoma Statute §1289.25, “Physical or Deadly Force Against Intruder,” which creates two legal presumptions in defense of dwelling cases.
The first is that the defender had a reasonable fear of death or grave bodily harm:
“A person . . . is presumed to have held a reasonable fear of imminent peril of death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another when using defensive force that is intended or likely to cause death or great bodily harm to another if . . . the person against whom the defensive force was used . . . had unlawfully and forcibly entered, a dwelling, residence, occupied vehicle, or a place of business . . . ”
The second legal presumption created by the statute is that the home invader intends to commit an act of violence:
“A person who unlawfully and by force enters or attempts to enter the dwelling, residence, occupied vehicle of another person, or a place of business is presumed to be doing so with the intent to commit an unlawful act involving force or violence.”
It is true that §1289.25 elsewhere contains references to “Stand Your Ground,” self-defense immunity, and reimbursement of a defender’s legal expenses in a civil suit. But each of these is an entirely distinct legal concept, and may or may not apply to a particular defensive force event depending on the facts of the case. As explained above, the statute’s “Stand Your Ground” provisions don’t remotely apply to the Tulsa shooting, as the long-standing provisions of the Castle Doctrine already relieved the defender of any legal duty to retreat even if such a duty existed under Oklahoma law.
In short, this was a defense of dwelling scenario which raised a legal presumption of reasonable fear on the part of the defender and of intent to commit violence on the part of the home invader. “Stand Your Ground” has nothing whatsoever to do with this case — but no one should hold their breath waiting for the mainstream media to realize it.
— Andrew F. Branca is an attorney and the author of The Law of Self Defense: The Indispensable Guide for the Armed Citizen.
READ MORE:
 



ARTICLE
Donald Trump’s latest antagonistic tweet — the product of a compulsive habit that somehow seems to become more unpresidential with each passing day — was perhaps his biggest misfire yet, as it has put him at loggerheads with the Freedom Caucus (HFC), the faction in the House most instinctively inclined to take his side in legislative battles.
Starting the news day off with a bang, the president tweeted: “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!”
Yesterday evening, he went on to tweet at specific members of the Freedom Caucus over their lack of cooperation on health care.
These tweets were tantamount to shooting himself, and his party, in the foot. Not that this should come as a surprise; Trump has never given much reason to believe that he has any qualms about intentionally goading members of his own party. Throughout the primary campaign and into the general election, Trump repeatedly threatened to foster primary challenges against GOP politicians vying for the nomination, and against those who refused to bend the knee to him after the convention.
Yesterday morning’s tweet was yet another indication that Trump doesn’t understand the importance of coalition-building, or perhaps even that he believes his incredible “deal-making” skills will somehow compensate for the loss of Freedom Caucus votes. Without the 35 official members of the HFC, the House GOP has just 216 representatives, two fewer than what’s needed to pass a bill without any Democratic support. It would be a mistake for the president to believe that his legislative agenda — to the extent that he has one at all — will benefit from such open attacks against a crucial subset of his own party.
What’s more, this belligerence toward the HFC has put the president on a collision course with the people representing his most ardent supporters. By and large, Freedom Caucus members come from districts Trump dominated in November. Though there is reason to believe the most passionate Trump voters will side with him in any political conflict, even within the GOP, it is unwise for him to set himself against the very politicians who give voice to the populist wave that swept him into office. (It is worth noting that nearly all of the HFC members outperformed Trump in their districts in November.)
This tweet has also presented a dilemma for hardline-conservative talking heads and outlets that have always hailed Freedom Caucus–style Republicans as the saving grace of the party. Talk-radio hosts such as Sean Hannity and outlets such as Breitbart News have always sided with HFC members whenever they bucked GOP leadership on the grounds of conservative principle. These same pundits glommed onto Trump for the same reason: He presented himself as a bold outsider ready to go toe to toe with the dreaded “establishment.”
But now, Trump is the establishment, the most powerful GOP politician in the entire country, and so far, he has shown himself largely unable to transition away from “outsider” mode to uniting his party around a common governing vision. Hence, tweets such as this one. He continues casting about for new enemies in order to maintain his status as an outsider, but, as he did in this case, he often sets his sights on the wrong one.
The battle over the American Health Care Act (AHCA) — which presumably prompted this tweet — was a perfect example of Trump’s inability to unite factions either across the aisle or within the GOP. Despite his braggadocio, he’s not much of a negotiator, largely because, at least on this subject, he’s completely ignorant of the policies he’s attempting to negotiate. He was quick to tire of flexing his famed deal-making muscles and to throw in the towel on the AHCA because it wasn’t his legislation to begin with. As recently as the first GOP primary debate in August 2015, Trump was praising single-payer health-care systems. Since then, he has yet to demonstrate any grasp of health-care policy or a concrete plan for fixing Obamacare — he just knows it’s “a disaster” that he wants to replace with “something great” that will “take care of everybody.”
Aside from revealing his lack of commitment to health-care reform, his unwise attack on the Freedom Caucus has forced right-wing Trump defenders to concoct an untenable narrative in which the president doesn’t actually want to oppose the HFC but rather is being held captive by sinister establishment forces.
For instance, HFC member Dave Brat — who successfully primaried the sitting House majority leader in 2014 – said of the president yesterday, “I don’t know who has his ear. . . . I don’t think he is hearing that we are trying to serve him a victory — right? — Right now, this bill is at 17 percent in the polls, and that’s not a winner.”
This meshes with the argument made by right-wing analysts just after the AHCA was pulled from the House floor last Friday afternoon: Trump was deceived by Speaker Paul Ryan. Breitbart was quick to label the failed bill “Ryancare.” Some even tried to spin the health-care debacle as yet another win in Trump’s unfailing master plan.
These responses reveal better than anything else why Trump was so foolish to lash out at the Freedom Caucus — they and their longtime allies in the media are his most natural supporters. And if the AHCA debacle is any indication, he’s going to need all the support he can get.
Editor’s Note: This article has been amended since its original publication.
– Alexandra DeSanctis is a National Review Institute William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
On March 31, 1927, Cesar Estrada Chavez was born in Yuma, Ariz., to parents who had come north from Mexico as children in the 1890s. He went on to found the United Farm Workers union, and by his death in 1993 had become an icon for Hispanic activist groups and the Left in general.
And his views on border control would be a perfect fit in the Trump administration.
As a child working with his family in the California fields, Cesar quickly learned the reason farmworkers were paid so little and treated so poorly: As his biographer Miriam Pawel writes, “a surplus of labor enabled growers to treat workers as little more that interchangeable parts, cheaper and easier to replace than machines.”
Chavez acolytes today try to explain away his hawkish pro-border views as coming from a different historical context, applicable only to specific strikes and the strike-breakers that farmers tried to import. But this is false.
In fact, even before he started the union and fought against illegal immigration, he was opposed to the bracero program, which legally imported cheap, disposable labor from Mexico at the expense of American citizens (of Mexican and other origins) who had been working in the fields. Pawel quotes Chavez as saying, “It looks almost impossible to start some effective program to get these people their jobs back from the braceros.”
Congress ended the bracero program in 1964, and the next 15 years were the salad days, as it were, for farmworkers — until illegal immigration became so pervasive (despite Chavez’s efforts) that workers lost all bargaining power.
But during those 15 years, Chavez fought illegal immigration tenaciously. In 1969, he marched to the Mexican border to protest farmers’ use of illegal aliens as strikebreakers. He was joined by Reverend Ralph Abernathy and Senator Walter Mondale.
In the mid 1970s, he conducted the “Illegals Campaign” to identify and report illegal workers, “an effort he deemed second in importance only to the boycott” (of produce from non-unionized farms), according to Pawel. She quotes a memo from Chavez that said, “If we can get the illegals out of California, we will win the strike overnight.”
The Illegals Campaign didn’t just report illegals to the (unresponsive) federal authorities. Cesar sent his cousin, ex-con Manuel Chavez, down to the border to set up a “wet line” (as in “wetbacks”) to do the job the Border Patrol wasn’t being allowed to do. Unlike the Minutemen of a few years ago, who arrived at the border with no more than lawn chairs and binoculars, the United Farm Workers patrols were willing to use direct methods when persuasion failed. Housed in a series of tents along the Arizona border, the crews in the wet line sometimes beat up illegals, the “cesarchavistas” employing violence even more widely on the Mexican side of the border to prevent crossings.
None of this was unknown to or opposed by Cesar Chavez. As Pawel notes, “As always, Cesar protected Manuel at all costs. . . . Manuel was willing to do ‘the dirty work,’ Cesar acknowledged.” At one UFW meeting, Dolores Huerta, co-founder of the union with Chavez and always a more conventional leftist than he, foreshadowed today’s anti-borders agitators, objecting to the words “wetback” and “illegal”: “The people themselves aren’t illegal. The action of being in this country maybe is illegal.” Pawel relates Chavez’s response, from a tape recording of the meeting: “Chavez turned on Huerta angrily. ‘No, a spade’s a spade,’ he said. ‘You guys get these hang-ups. Goddamn it, how do we build a union? They’re wets, you know. They’re wets, and let’s go after them.’”
Chavez’s vigilantism is unacceptable in a country ruled by law; in any case, the Border Patrol is both able and permitted (since January 20, anyway) to do its job. But neither Chavez’s occasional use of violence against illegals nor his later descent into cultism and paranoia detract from one of the core messages of his professional life: Flooding the labor market with people from abroad undermines American workers trying to improve their lot in life. For this we should honor his memory — by celebrating his birthday as National Border Control Day.
Hail Cesar!
— Mark Krikorian is the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Editor’s Note: This piece is reprinted from Acculturated with permission.
Recently, New York magazine published a profile piece on Donald Trump’s White House counselor and campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway. The profile itself is well written, and overall I found it to be fair and interesting. That said, when I saw the accompanying photos, I couldn’t help but be taken aback. I’ve been a photographer for over 20 years, and I’ve done editorial and corporate headshots before. What I saw in New York magazine is something I would never present to a client.
Below is the photo used in the piece:
As you can see, the photo uses unflattering light. As you can tell from the shadows, it’s diffused, but is still not all that pleasing. Any photographer with any experience shooting headshots will tell you that having a subject stare straight ahead into the camera is a poor choice. Most people have an issue with one eye being slightly larger and sometimes not aligned entirely with their other eye. The easiest way to address this is to have subjects slightly turn their heads to the side. Also, there were no touch-ups on Conway’s face. She is a 50-year-old woman, and no photo-editing software can make her look 20 years younger, but some simple edits can easily make the photo appear more pleasing.
I took it upon myself to download a copy of the photo and edit in Photoshop. Without the source image, my options were limited due to the lack of detail in the photo file. Still, after only ten minutes, I produced the following image:
The touch-ups are light and realistic, but it certainly is a more flattering portrait of Conway.
It likely would not have bothered me so much if I didn’t see something similar to this in the past. Bias in journalism can, unfortunately, extend to bias in photojournalism. Minnesota representative Michele Bachmann ran in the GOP primary for president beginning in 2011. An early favorite when the campaign started, Bachmann was featured on the cover of Newsweek magazine. The editors selected the following picture:
It’s as if the staff at Newsweek went through every image they were given and picked the worst one to use. What initially stands out are her eyes. Some might go so far as to call them “crazy eyes.” People tend to freeze up and look completely unnatural when attempting to pose for these images. It is up to the photographer to persuade the subject to relax. It makes the process move along smoothly as well. Also, the harsh lighting in this photo, like the lighting in the portrait of Conway, is an embarrassment. There’s a very noticeable shadow going across her forehead. This photo too, was not edited in any way.
Bachmann is not an unattractive woman. While the image below has editing that goes a little too far for my taste, the photo is much better than the Newsweek cover. The lighting is soft and even. And the depth of field makes the picture a lot less distracting.
It’s impossible to prove that the bad photos in question were selected for political reasons, but if you look at Michelle Obama, for example, whenever she appears on a magazine cover, she looks stunning. Michelle Obama is 53 years old and looks terrific for her age but every portrait of her features very soft lighting, no distractions, and enough editing to remove almost every blemish.
If there were a picture of Michelle Obama that looked anything like the image of Kellyanne Conway or Michele Bachmann, people would lose their minds. If you go here, you can see images of Michelle Obama on covers of everything from Time to Vogue, looking terrific in every image.
Such trivialities are not limited to women. Below is a Time magazine cover of Mitt Romney; the lighting is flat, and it makes him look much older than he is:
Compare the image of Romney to one Time used of Barack Obama. It is extremely well lit, giving the image a mysterious vibe while at the same time making Obama look like a striking figure.
All of these images remind us that bias in the media isn’t limited to written or spoken words. As the history of visual propaganda reminds us, images can be as powerful as words in promoting ideology. And since the clichés are true — every picture tells a story and a picture is worth a thousand words — perhaps conservative men and women in the public eye should start demanding final approval of the images the mainstream media use of them. Or at least insist on using their own photographers.
— Jay Caruso is the assistant managing editor at RedState.com. He lives in Atlanta. This piece originally appeared in Acculturated, and it is reprinted here with permission.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Yesterday, in the wake of President Trump’s latest tweets, I was thinking about the loyalty of his supporters. It’s an amazing, intense loyalty. I don’t think I’ve seen anything like it in politics, and not much like it in other fields. Trump himself addressed the issue while on the campaign trail, you recall:
“I have the most loyal people . . . where I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose any voters, okay? It’s like incredible.”
It is like incredible. In short order, I nicknamed this phenomenon — the phenomenon of loyalty to Trump — “the Fifth Avenue Principle.”
Trump Tower, you remember, is on Fifth Avenue in New York City. That’s why the candidate used that street in his example (though he was campaigning in Iowa).
This fabled street has played a role in Republican politics before. Have you heard of the “Compact of Fifth Avenue,” also known as the “Treaty of Fifth Avenue”? We’re talking 1960. The compact, or treaty, was an agreement hammered out between Vice President Richard Nixon and Governor Nelson Rockefeller in the latter’s apartment on Fifth Avenue. (What a beaut that must have been.) The agreement, as I understand it, allowed Nixon to proceed with his campaign for president without Rocky, a rival, on his back.
To return to the Fifth Avenue Principle — the phenomenal loyalty of Trump supporters: From what I’ve observed, his grievances are their grievances; his causes are their causes; his moods are their moods. When he tells an outright whopper, they agree with it, defend it, or explain it away. When he behaves like his predecessor, or worse, they say, “This is different.”
In my column on Wednesday, I noted something that Trump said to a journalist: “I can’t be doing so badly because I’m president and you’re not.” I recalled how we — we righties — knocked President Obama for his arrogance and condescension.
Some readers then told me that, no, this was different. And I could understand, to a degree. (Anything is permissible in the name of insulting journalists, such as the Time reporter whom Trump was talking to.)
I’ve said that “his grievances are their grievances; his causes are their causes,” etc. I should also have included this, for it is very important: His enemies are their enemies.
A loyal base — an intensely loyal core — is priceless in politics. Nixon didn’t have it, when the crunch came in the summer of 1974. We’ll see how the Trump years go.
And if Trump moves to the center, opposing conservative Republicans and making deals with Democrats, will his base follow him? I believe it will.
One more thing on this subject of loyalty: I was once a die-hard Reagan man (still am). I bled with him. I loved him, yes, but, perhaps even more — this is shameful to admit — I hated his enemies. They were my enemies too, it seemed. I stuck with Reagan through thick and thin, including Iran-contra and Bitburg. My inclination was to defend him on everything (even excuse him).
Will I ever feel such intense loyalty to a president, or any other politician, again? I doubt it. But who knows?
You will be amazed at a story out of Greenfield, Ind. — or maybe not. A group got together and wanted to donate $50,000 to a new high-school football field. They are an anonymous group. And they wanted the name associated with their donation to be a hashtag: “#BlessTheWorld.” The school board said no — because “bless” had religious connotations. The board cited the separation of church and state (!). So the group declined to give their donation.
I have a question: If someone sneezes, what are you supposed to say? Legally?
Recently, I was talking with Vladimir Kara-Murza, the Russian democracy leader, and he made a point about young Russians: They have known no rule, no government, but Putin’s. They know that people in other countries enjoy much greater freedom. And they are fed up.
Well, youth played an important role in the recent anti-corruption demonstrations — and those demonstrations took place across the country.
What we’ve heard, for some years, is: The elites in Moscow and St. Petersburg don’t like Putin, but people in the great Russian heartlands are fine with him. In light of this claim — which I’ve always found credible — an Associated Press report out of Tambov is interesting. Tambov is a city in southeastern Russia.
The report cites a woman, 20 years old, who wrote a sentence on a placard: “I want to know the truth.” She was carted away by police.
A man was fired from his job — jobs, actually — when he became the local representative of Open Russia, the democracy group of which Kara-Murza is vice-chairman.
I am struck by that statement from that young woman, in a society where the media are harassed and censored, and where journalists drop like flies: “I want to know the truth.”
This is a human yearning, not one confined to Birmingham (England or Michigan). (Or Alabama!)
Let me recommend another report from the AP — this one from Iraq: Why is Mosul so hard to take? Why can’t that important city be wrested from ISIS? The report explains why, clearly and convincingly, and draws on historical parallels (such as the French experience in Algeria).
People like me spend a lot of time knocking the “MSM,” or mainstream media. But they can do excellent and indispensable work, and man cannot live on right-wing opinion alone (alas).
Have another report, from Afghanistan: What’s it like to be a girl there? Or a young woman? What if you join an orchestra? Very, very bad things can ensue. Isn’t that a wholesome, beautiful, human desire? To join an orchestra? It shouldn’t cost you your family, or your life, should it?
Two AP reporters, Karim Sharifi and Rahim Faiez, have written a fascinating, somewhat haunting report. Hats off to them.
If you are lucky, you’ve never been a victim of Nazi or Nazi-style trolls on the Internet. There are many of them. They are legion. And what they can do can screw with your head and heart, for a long time to come. I have seen some of their handiwork. Here is a story that talks about them, and their victims.
The issue is not to be ignored.
Shall we lighten the mood with a little language? Let me quote from my Impromptus of Wednesday:
I think you will like this letter, in every respect:
A little music? I mean, besides the “Merci” of Frenchwomen trying to avoid missionaries? For my review of a recent Fidelio (Beethoven’s opera) at the Met, go here. Adrianne Pieczonka, the Canadian soprano in the title role, was extraordinary.
We were sitting around the editorial table, and Fred Schwarz began a comment with, “As you all remember from your high-school calculus . . . ”
I was slightly flattered. But Fred might as well have said, “As you well remember from your dating of Brooke Shields” — with this difference: I could, and surely did, imagine dating Brooke; I could not imagine calculus, and thought algebra was Chinese enough . . . 
Have a little appearance coming up — in Midland, Mich., home of Northwood University, where I’ll be speaking. On what? On a strange little history I wrote: Children of Monsters: An Inquiry into the Sons and Daughters of Dictators. The talk is Monday evening. If you’d like to attend — and for further info — go here.
Do you remember What’s Eating Gilbert Grape, the movie from 1993? Darlene Cates played the morbidly obese mother. She had never acted before, but the movie’s screenwriter saw her on Sally Jessy Raphael’s talk show. So . . . 
Mrs. Cates has died, and I read an obit of her, here. I wanted to share something she said. “Once I did the Sally show, all of a sudden I realized that if I went out and people stared at me, I wouldn’t know if they were staring at me because I was fat or because they recognized me from being on TV. That empowered me.”
Thank you, dear readers, and see you later.
 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
‘Dare I suggest,” writes the economist and blogger Tyler Cowen, “that the quality of governance in this country has taken a downward turn of late?” Or as Casey Stengel, while managing the New York Mets on their way to a 40–120 season in 1962, reportedly asked, “Can’t anybody here play this game?”
In successive weeks, both Democrats and Republicans have shown a downward trend in the quality of governance and raised questions about whether anybody in Washington can play this game.
Start with the Democrats and their strikeout last week in the hearings on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Their attacks on Gorsuch as a scourge of “the little guy” were, as liberal Harvard Law professor Noah Feldman wrote, “a terrible idea.” Judges are supposed to decide cases on the law, not the net worth of litigants.
Democrats are now lining up to filibuster the nomination, on the spurious grounds that confirmation has always required 60 votes. Actually, Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito were confirmed in 1991 and 2006 with 52 and 58 votes, respectively.
Democrats are still steamed that Senate Republicans blocked Barack Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland, last year. But the Constitution doesn’t require the Senate to hold hearings or a vote on nominees.
Joe Biden in 1992 and Charles Schumer in 2007 argued that no nominee should be approved in a presidential-election year. That makes sense in an era when the Supreme Court decides partisan issues such as abortion, gun control, and campaign finance. Give the voters a chance to weigh in.
Senate Democrats are now rounding up enough votes to sustain a filibuster. In which case Senate Republicans will almost certainly change the filibuster rule for Supreme Court nominees, as Harry Reid and Senate Democrats did in 2013 for other judges and executive-branch nominees — and as VP nominee Tim Kaine promised to do if Democrats won the presidency and a Senate majority.
Abolishing the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees will weaken Senate Democrats.
Doesn’t anybody know how to play this game?
House Republicans certainly don’t, judging from the debacle of their attempt to fulfill their seven-year promise to repeal and replace Obamacare. There is plenty of blame to go around.
Much goes to Speaker Paul Ryan, who attempted to shove through his bill in three weeks without bothering to get consensus from fellow Republicans. Ryan’s bill was tailored to pass muster under the Senate’s arcane reconciliation rules, something he probably should have left for Senate Republicans to handle.
Ryan’s initial insistence that Republicans accept his bill without changes didn’t work, and neither did White House adviser Steve Bannon’s similar ploy with a later version. If Ryan and Donald Trump had not insisted on a quick vote — Democrats, in contrast, took 14 months to pass Obamacare — they might have had time to accommodate the differences.
Or maybe not. Consider the 30-some members of the House Freedom Caucus, who reportedly found one reason after another not to sign onto a bill that at least moved in the direction of repealing and replacing Obamacare. They seem to be operating from a deep suspicion of their party’s leadership and from a purism that requires them to withhold support from any major legislation if they object to even one provision in it.
The problem is that in a large and varied country, with complex legislation with multiple ramifications, purism sets a standard that seldom, if ever, can be met. The most that legislators can usually accomplish is to shift the course of the giant ocean liner that is the federal government. Only in very rare circumstances can they reverse the course 180 degrees.
Some blame belongs to the president, as well. If Barack Obama seemed diffident about the details of public policy and their effects on people’s lives, on this issue Donald Trump seemed disconnected from them — not a good position from which to practice the art of the deal.
You may have noticed that the quality of governance has been taking a downward turn of late partly because of mistakes made by party leaders — but mostly because of the demands, and anger, of both parties’ wingers.
Left-wing Democrats are demanding all-out war — they call it “resistance” — on Republicans and the Trump administration. Right-wing Republicans are distrustful of party leaders and are coming to realize that what they have in common with Donald Trump is only attitude, not principle.
Anger and mistrust are poor guides for purposeful and rational formulation of public policy. Does anybody know how to play that game?
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. © 2017 Creators.com
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
Washington – Repeal-and-replace (for Obamacare) is not quite dead. It has been declared so, but what that means is that, for now, the president has (apparently) washed his hands of it and the House Republicans appear unable to reconcile their differences.
Neither condition needs to be permanent. There are ideological differences between the various GOP factions, but what’s overlooked is the role that procedure played in producing the deadlock. And procedure can easily be changed.
The House leadership crafted a bill that would meet the delicate requirements of “reconciliation” in order to create a (more achievable) threshold of 51 rather than 60 votes in the Senate. But this meant that some of the more attractive, market-oriented reforms had to be left out, relegated to a future measure (a so-called phase-three bill) that might never actually arrive.
Yet the more stripped-down proposal died anyway. So why not go for the gold next time? Pass a bill that incorporates phase-three reforms and send it on to the Senate.
September might be the time for resurrecting repeal-and-replace. That’s when insurers recalibrate premiums for the coming year, precipitating our annual bout of Obamacare sticker shock. By then, even more insurers will be dropping out of the exchanges, further reducing choice and service. These should help dissipate the pre-emptive nostalgia for Obamacare that emerged during the current debate.
At which point, the House leadership should present a repeal-and-replace that includes such phase-three provisions as tort reform and permitting the buying of insurance across state lines, both of which would significantly lower costs.
Even more significant would be stripping out the heavy-handed Obamacare coverage mandate that dictates what specific medical benefits must be included in every insurance policy in the country, regardless of the purchaser’s desires or needs.
Best to mandate nothing. Let the customer decide. A 60-year-old couple doesn’t need maternity coverage. Why should they be forced to pay for it? And I don’t know about you, but I don’t need lactation services.
This would satisfy the House Freedom Caucus’s correct insistence on dismantling Obamacare’s stifling regulatory straitjacket — without scaring off moderates who should understand that no one is being denied “essential health benefits.” Rather, no one is being required to buy what the Jonathan Grubers of the world have decided everyone must have. 
It is true that even if this revised repeal-and-replace passes the House, it might die by filibuster in the Senate. In which case, let the Senate Democrats explain themselves and suffer the consequences. Perhaps, however, such a bill might engender debate and revision — and come back to the House for an old-fashioned House–Senate conference and a possible compromise. This in and of itself would constitute major progress.
That’s procedure. It’s fixable. But there is an ideological consideration that could ultimately determine the fate of any Obamacare replacement. Obamacare may turn out to be unworkable, indeed doomed, but it is having a profound effect on the zeitgeist: It is universalizing the idea of universal coverage.
Acceptance of its major premise — that no one be denied health care — is more widespread than ever. Even House speaker Paul Ryan avers that “our goal is to give every American access to quality, affordable health care,” making universality an essential premise of his own reform. And look at how sensitive and defensive Republicans have been about the possibility of people losing coverage in any Obamacare repeal.
A broad national consensus is developing that health care is indeed a right. This is historically new. And it carries immense implications for the future. It suggests that we may be heading inexorably to a government-run, single-payer system. It’s what Barack Obama once admitted he would have preferred but didn’t think the country was ready for. It may be ready now.
As Obamacare continues to unravel, it won’t take much for Democrats to abandon that Rube Goldberg wreckage and go for the simplicity and the universality of Medicare-for-all. Republicans will have one last chance to try to convince the country to remain with a market-based system, preferably one encompassing all the provisions that, for procedural reasons, had been left out of their latest proposal.
Don’t be surprised, however, if, in the end, single-payer wins out. Indeed, I wouldn’t be terribly surprised if Donald Trump, reading the zeitgeist, pulls the greatest 180 since Disraeli dished the Whigs in 1867 (by radically expanding the franchise) and joins the single-payer side.
Talk about disruption? About kicking over the furniture? That would be an American Krakatoa.
— Charles Krauthammer’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017, The Washington Post Writers Group
READ MORE
 



ARTICLE
Reinhold Niebuhr might not be a familiar name to today’s younger Americans, but Journey Films is hoping to change that with a documentary to be released next month. An American Conscience: The Reinhold Niebuhr Story, a poignant, hour-long documentary, encapsulates the life and thought of an American theologian whose extensive writing and public work contributed to nearly every cultural and political debate in the middle decades of the 20th century.
Niebuhr chose to wrestle with a wide swath of issues that plagued the country and the world during his lifetime — the First World War, racism and segregation in the inner cities of the American North, the rise of fascism and U.S. involvement in the Second World War, and the growing Communist threat. His example remains valuable today, not least because he demonstrated that one can maintain one’s intellectual integrity while engaging actively in the rough-and-tumble of political debate.
Over the course of his engagement in public life, Niebuhr’s political and social thought evolved almost constantly, always as the result of his openness to reexamining his beliefs in the context of a changing world. He began his career as a committed pacifist — a stance that stemmed from his deep discomfort with what he saw as the unjustified horrors of the “Great War” — and he served as vice president of the U.S. Socialist party in the 1930s, even running for office in New York on the party’s ticket.
But as Hitler rose to power in Germany, Niebuhr rethought his stance and renounced pacifism as unrealistic in light of the evils of which man was evidently capable. Though he never became a “hawk,” he came to believe that war was permissible as a last resort to preserve justice, and, in the case of the Second World War, he believed that engaging in conflict could be morally necessary.
Similarly, Niebuhr abandoned his socialist beliefs after he witnessed the dysfunctionality of Soviet Communism and the harsh way in which its adherents imposed their ideology on the reluctant. Indeed, Niebuhr eventually came to see Communism as an evil grave enough to justify military engagement, though he didn’t support the use of preemptive nuclear force. At the same time, he remained staunchly pro-worker, and often lamented the problems that arose from the unequal distribution of power in society.
“He was willing to risk his popularity in the name of integrity,” says public intellectual Cornel West, currently of the Harvard Divinity School. Niebuhr’s willingness to reconsider his stances, despite the prospect of losing public support, makes him a powerful model for modern politicians, who often vacillate from one position to the next, following the direction in which the winds of public opinion seem to be blowing.
Though he was immersed in the political world of his day, Niebuhr’s insights were all rooted in the Christian tradition, and his eventual rejection of pacifism and socialism stemmed from his view of human nature as inherently sinful and imperfectible. This philosophical perspective came to be known as Christian Realism, and Niebuhr is widely regarded as its father. This school of thought emerged, in part, in opposition to the Social Gospel movement, led by thinkers such as John Dewey, who held that man was perfectible and that therefore a properly ordered society could lead to an earthly utopia.
Niebuhr thoroughly rejected the notion that men could construct their own paradise, and he believed that the best they could do is generate democratic possibilities. “Democracy is a proximate solution to insoluble problems,” he wrote. His opposition to the Social Gospel established him as a critic also of modern progressivism, which emerged from the thought of Dewey and others in the early 20th century.
Niebuhr’s philosophy is particularly valuable today. Believing that humans can be perfected, modern progressives view politics as a means of “immanentizing the eschaton” and see the government as an effective means by which the citizenry can be improved and a utopian society built. But Niebuhr, like the conservatives of his day, understood that politics is incapable of permanently solving the problems posed by man’s inherent fallibility. Though he believed in the power of democracy and activism, he didn’t believe that any earthly power could “fix” mankind’s evil tendencies. Witnessing the flaws of Soviet Communism, in particular, helped him to see the dangers inherent in establishing the government as the savior of its people.
This is not, of course, to say that Niebuhr was indifferent to injustice. He served as a pastor in Detroit, where he worked for over a decade to integrate migrant black Americans into the social fabric of the city, and he went on to teach for over 30 years at Union Theological Seminary on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, where he made significant contributions to theology and continued to comment on social and political developments over the course of the mid century. Even though he was on the FBI watch list, likely because of his early socialist sympathies, Niebuhr advised the State Department on policy at the start of the Cold War. President Lyndon B. Johnson awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964, seven years before his death.
Niebuhr’s wide-ranging beliefs undoubtedly provoke both admiration and distaste on each side of the modern political aisle, just as they did in his own time. “Barack Obama, a pretty progressive Democrat, [and] Jimmy Carter, could draw on Niebuhr,” says New York Times columnist David Brooks. “Some of the Reaganites liked Niebuhr. Some of the George W. Bush people like Niebuhr. Everyone picked something they liked.”
The reason for this shouldn’t be hard to understand. Though he loved his country, he refused to ignore the many social ills afflicting the U.S.; though he believed war could be necessary to prevent evil, he refused to condone unjust uses of violence; though he believed that man is ultimately imperfectible, he refused to forgive the many evils that filled the 20th century. This documentary reveals how Niebuhr’s dedication to the truth — wherever it led him — makes him the perfect intellectual figure for today’s political climate, which often favors party over principle and ideology over integrity.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism at the National Review Institute.



ARTICLE
In his testimony to the House Science Committee on Wednesday, Michael Mann, one of the world’s leading climate scientists, told the story of Trofim Lysenko, a plant scientist who worked for Stalinist Russia:
The gist of Mann’s anecdote was that scientists who challenge the ruling government’s diktat on any given scientific issue are demonized and punished while innocent bystanders suffer. In the here and now, this would seemingly apply to the minority of scientists brave enough to question the reigning dogma of climate science. After all, these are the folks who have been threatened by top law-enforcement officials, personally and professionally attacked by their peers, and even driven out of their academic positions due to the harassment.
But astonishingly, Mann was not talking about those scientists: He was talking about himself. In his alternative universe, he and other climate scientists are the martyrs, oppressed and silenced by the Politburo. Never mind that Mann — a tenured professor at one of the country’s top public universities — opened his testimony by reciting a prodigious list of awards he has won, books he has authored, scientific organizations he leads. He is celebrated by the media and environmental groups around the world, and yet in front of Congress he talked like a guy on his way to the Gulag. It takes a special blend of hubris, juvenility, and dishonesty to portray yourself as a victim when you are really the bully.
It was quite a spectacle. Mann was joined on the panel by Judith Curry, John Christy, and Roger Pielke, Jr. — three scientists who have actually endured the kind of political witch-hunts Mann referred to. Rather than present data or debate the science, Mann mostly engaged in the sophistry that has gradually undermined the credibility of climate science. He repeatedly referred to a bogus “97 percent consensus” about man-made climate change, and accused the Heartland Institute of being a “climate-change denying, Koch brothers–funded outlet.” He engaged in one ad hominem attack after another against his fellow panelists and the committee’s chairman, Representative Lamar Smith. He questioned whether Smith really understood the scientific method and read a nasty quote about Smith from a smear piece in Science magazine
Mann’s rhetoric became so inflamed that he was finally upbraided by Representative Dana Rohrabacher. “From the get go, we have heard personal attack after personal attack coming from those claiming to represent the mainstream of science,” Rohrabacher said to Mann. “Call people ‘deniers’ all you want, use any kind of name you want . . . when we talk about Mr. Lysenko, that’s the kind of thing they did to the scientists in Russia. Try to call people names and beat them into submission, that’s a Stalinist tactic.”
Mann’s name-calling prompted Representative Darin LaHood (R., Ill.) to bring up his defamation lawsuit against National Review. After getting confirmation from Curry and Pielke that they had been subjected to attacks by Mann — Pielke said he couldn’t “keep up with all of Dr. Mann’s epithets” — LaHood called Mann on his hypocrisy: “You mention in your opening statement about staying away from that and yet we have a suit that’s been filed based on those exact same things. There’s a real disconnect between a defamation suit that does the exact same thing you’re engaged in that in this public forum.”
Turns out Mann appears to be a bit of a denier himself. Under questioning, Mann denied being involved with the Climate Accountability Institute even though he is featured on its website as a board member. CAI is one of the groups pushing a scorched-earth approach to climate deniers, urging lawmakers to employ the RICO statute against fossil-fuel corporations. When asked directly if he was either affiliated or associated with CAI, Mann answered “no.”
I talked to Pielke after the hearing. He was clearly frustrated about the status of the science he loves. “If these are the leading voices of climate science, they can have it,” he told me. “The field is so politicized that it’s almost impossible to break through. Now we are being compared to murderers and Stalinists. If their favored policies are so fragile in light of legitimate critique, they might want to rethink their policies.”
Mann was obviously trolling the committee and humoring his base during the hearing; he didn’t even pretend to take it seriously. (He later tweeted that — on a dare — he had referenced the movie The Princess Bride during his testimony.) That is certainly his prerogative. But you would think the day after President Trump decimated the Obama administration’s climate-change agenda by rolling back the Clean Power Plan, a leading climate scientist would at least try to make a compelling case against such sweeping action. But Mann put his own ego ahead of science. Not everyone was amused.
“Dr. Mann’s hypocrisy was on full public display,” Smith told me via e-mail. “Members of the scientific community should be free from such ad hominem attacks. Those who engage in name-calling seldom have the facts on their side.” If Mann’s behavior is representative of the seriousness of “mainstream” climate scientists, we should all reconsider the credibility of his message.
— Julie Kelly is a writer from Orland Park, Ill.
READ MORE: 



ARTICLE
Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe, the former head of the Democratic National Committee, is at it again, vetoing six bills aimed at preventing voter fraud and illegal voting. What does he have against election integrity? Why does he want to make it easier to commit fraud and harder for election officials to detect or deter it?
Voter fraud is a problem, in the Commonwealth of Virginia and nationwide. The database that the Heritage Foundation started less than two years ago is already up to 474 cases and 755 criminal convictions — and this is just the tip of the iceberg, since many cases go unreported and unprosecuted. According to a 2016 report by the Public Interest Legal Foundation, a small sample of only eight counties in Virginia showed 1,046 non-citizens who were registered to vote, many of whom had voted before they were removed from the voter rolls. Heritage’s database shows voter-fraud convictions in Virginia for everything from absentee-ballot fraud to false registrations to vote buying.
Yet this disturbing reality does not appear to faze Terry McAuliffe. On Monday he vetoed three of the bills. The first, Senate Bill 1253, would require poll books to include DMV photographs. Virginia already mandates a photo ID to vote; this bill would actually speed the voting process on Election Day by waiving the voter-ID requirement if a DMV picture already exists in the voter file, while acting as a check on individuals who might be trying to use a fake ID. Yet Governor McAuliffe professes to believe that this attempt to streamline the process would somehow lead to “voter confusion.” Perhaps it is the governor who is confused.
The second bill he vetoed, Senate Bill 1455, would have implemented a state version of a federal law (42 USCS § 1973i) making it unlawful to pay individuals to register to vote. Instead of giving local prosecutors an additional tool to use, McAuliffe dismissed the bill as redundant and claimed that “there is no evidence this activity is occurring in the Commonwealth.”
Perhaps McAuliffe should review the case of Appalachia, Va., mayor Ben Cooper. He and 14 co-conspirators were convicted in 2007 of absentee-ballot fraud and buying votes with cigarettes, beer, and pork rinds. Being registered to vote is a necessary precondition to getting paid to vote. In any event, state prosecutors can’t enforce federal laws and should not have to depend on federal prosecutors to go after wrongdoing in their state. Why would McAuliffe not want to give Commonwealth prosecutors the same ability to go after this kind of criminal behavior?
The third bill, Senate Bill 1581, would have required general registrars to match voter-registration information with Social Security Administration data and other state-board-approved databases to verify the name, date of birth, and Social Security number of the applicant. The bill would also require a yearly audit of voter lists using the same databases, to verify the accuracy of the information being submitted by registrants. McAuliffe vetoed this bill, too.
That was just one day in Governor McAuliffe’s efforts to suppress all effort to improve the integrity of the election process. But there is more.
Earlier this month, McAuliffe vetoed House Bill 2343, which was similar in nature to Senate Bill 1581. A small step toward identifying improperly registered voters, the bill would have required the Department of Elections to provide general registrars with the resources to compare registration data with registration data in other states and other databases to identify voters who are registered in more than one state. Is this a problem in Virginia? As of February 2016, the Kansas Interstate Crosscheck Program showed that 284,618 voters registered in Virginia were also registered in other states.
This bill would have improved the accuracy of voter rolls and ensured that dual-registered voters are not illegally voting twice. Yet Governor McAuliffe again made the completely unsubstantiated claim that investigating those who are registered in more than one state could lead to “improper disenfranchisement.”
McAuliffe also vetoed two companion bills, House Bill 1428 and Senate Bill 872, which simply extended Virginia’s photo-ID requirement to absentee voting. It required that voters who submit absentee-ballot applications must include a copy of a legally acceptable form of identification.
Nationwide, there are many cases of absentee-ballot fraud, because it is the easiest type of election fraud to commit. A 1998 report from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement called absentee ballots the “tool of choice” of vote thieves. That’s why states such as Alabama, Kansas, and Wisconsin have extended their voter-ID laws to absentee ballots.
Yet Governor McAuliffe claims that adding a voter-ID requirement to absentee ballots is “unnecessary” and “could improperly disenfranchise” voters. That same meritless claim was made against Virginia’s voter-ID law for in-person voting, and the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals threw it out last December because there was no evidence whatsoever that a voter-ID requirement disenfranchised any legitimate voters. In reality, the real disenfranchisement is when a legal vote is canceled by an illegal one.
One of McAuliffe’s most outrageous vetoes killed Senate Bill 1105. The bill was simple: Municipalities should investigate and audit voter rolls if there are more registered voters than eligible voters, or if more people vote than are registered. The reports from these investigations would be sent to the State Election Board and would be made public. Again, McAuliffe claimed that this bill, which merely calls for an investigation when there is evidence that there are more voters than there should be, risks “improper disenfranchisement.”
McAuliffe is nothing if not consistent. He has vetoed every bill passed in the current legislative session that would improve the integrity of the state’s election process. In 2015 he vetoed House Bill 1315, which would have required county jury commissioners to send general registrars information on individuals who were disqualified to serve as jurors because they were not U.S. citizens, were no longer residents of Virginia, had been convicted of a felony, or had been adjudicated as incapacitated. There was no reason to veto this bill unless the governor wanted to make it easy for ineligible voters to continue to vote illegally and not get caught.
Why has Governor McAuliffe vetoed every reasonable effort to ensure honest and fair elections in Virginia? Well, the overwhelming number of felons vote for Democrats. Non-citizens also favor Democrats over Republicans. Could it be that the governor believes that illegal voting benefits his political party? Yet surely no governor would be more concerned with his party’s success than with ensuring that every legal vote cast by an eligible American truly counts. Would he?
— Hans A. von Spakovsky is a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation. Along with John Fund, he is the co-author of Who’s Counting? How Fraudsters and Bureaucrats Put Your Vote at Risk and Obama’s Enforcer: Eric Holder’s Justice Department. Grant Strobl is a member of the Young Leaders Program at Heritage.



ARTICLE
In a nomination hearing that otherwise proceeded as expected, Judge Neil Gorsuch may have surprised Supreme Court watchers by calling Justice Byron White, a fellow Coloradan for whom he had clerked, his “childhood hero” and “one of the greats.” Noting White’s modesty, Gorsuch poignantly recalled his observation that “the truth is we’ll all be forgotten soon enough, me included.” His words would prove too true too soon.
White died on April 15, 2002. His 31 years on the Court, the fourth-longest tenure of the 20th century, followed a storybook journey from NFL star to World War II hero to deputy attorney general. Yet there was little press fanfare upon his death. Even the passing of the actor Robert Urich the following day received more coverage.
Perhaps not coincidentally, the politicization of the federal judiciary hit a new low in 2002. Prior years had demonstrated the infectious influence of politics on the selection of Supreme Court justices, but by the time White died, the same phenomenon was afflicting the nominations of judges to the lower federal appeals courts to an unprecedented degree. Democratic senators, taking their cues from left-wing interest groups, were holding up such lower-court nominees and setting the stage for their wholesale filibuster in 2003.
Although a Democrat, John F. Kennedy, nominated him, there can be little doubt that someone with White’s views would be subjected to the same treatment from his own party today. White came from an age when judges were celebrated for showing a certain deference to the judgments of democratically elected officials. An unelected, life-tenured judge, the thinking went, should be hesitant to impose his own personal views in striking down laws passed by the people’s representatives. White understood this, once remarking that “judges have an exaggerated view of their role in our polity.”
At the same time, the Constitution contained powerful guarantees of civil rights ratified shortly after the Civil War, guarantees that had been disregarded for many years as the Supreme Court allowed Jim Crow to sweep the old Confederacy. Here, the posture of restraint was not in order, and White was well positioned to know it. As deputy attorney general in the Kennedy Justice Department, he confronted racial segregation directly and personally intervened in Alabama to protect the Freedom Riders. On nominating him to the Court, President Kennedy called White the “ideal New Frontier justice.”
The combination of judicial restraint and a willingness to protect the long-neglected civil rights of African Americans would characterize White’s years on the Court. At the time of his appointment, such champions of judicial restraint as Felix Frankfurter and John Marshall Harlan II were still on the Court, which had recently and unanimously rejected state-sponsored segregation. White would long outlast those early colleagues and remarkably stuck to his principles even as other trends transformed the Court’s role.
Criminal law was one area the Warren Court had to revolutionize without White’s help. White wrote a powerful dissent from the majority’s decision in Miranda v. Arizona (1966), arguing, as he would in later criminal-law opinions, against treating law enforcement with too much distrust: “More than the human dignity of the accused is involved; the human personality of others in the society must also be preserved. Thus the values reflected by the privilege [against self-incrimination] are not the sole desideratum; society’s interest in the general security is of equal weight.” Nonetheless, part of White’s restraint entailed later deferring to the precedent that established the now-familiar Miranda warnings after society had come to rely on them.
In the area of civil rights, White consistently voted to expunge segregation and its lingering effects, even to the point of endorsing integration through interjurisdictional busing. It was he who articulated the Court’s standard for identifying discrimination in White v. Regester (1973), an underappreciated voting-rights decision. His opinion in that case advocated weighing the “totality of the circumstances” to determine the presence of racial discrimination, rather than using rigid formulas that could be evaded. Unequal racial outcomes alone did not amount to intentional discrimination prohibited by the Constitution, as his majority opinion in Washington v. Davis pointed out. His approach imparted a certain real-world sophistication and balance to a complex issue, but balance is not always the best way to win the endorsement of legal scholars, a notably ideological constituency. His increasing skepticism of affirmative action as the issue kept returning to the Court did him no favors in that regard, either.
White’s First Amendment decisions for the Court, including one upholding federal regulation of the airwaves and another permitting censorship of a high-school newspaper, probably lost him friends in the media, but they served the public interest. And those inclined (unlike White) to agree with the Court in Texas v. Johnson (1989) that there is a right to burn the American flag should read White’s concurring opinion 15 years earlier in Smith v. Goguen, which presents a nuanced and often overlooked argument drawing a line between protection of the flag from improper use and the freedom to communicate ideas against the flag.
White’s sophistication may have stood out most in cases concerning the structure of the government. Notably, he dissented from the Court’s decision in INS v. Chadha (1983), which declared the legislative veto unconstitutional and invalidated more acts of Congress in one decision than SCOTUS had struck down in its entire history. After years of sanctioning the modern administrative state, White pointed out, the Court was departing from its prior interpretation of the Constitution at precisely the moment when America’s vastly expanding federal bureaucracy could be held accountable by Congress. Whether one agrees or disagrees with the Court in Chadha, White’s dissent addressed as none of his colleagues had up to that time perhaps the most profound and lingering dilemma in modern American governance: how to confer accountability upon a vast, unelected bureaucracy as it plays a growing role in a democratic society. That debate would escalate years after his retirement.
Of course, the question of how to structure the government was and remains of far less popular concern than the contentious issues that grab headlines. In both contexts, White expressed faith in democratic institutions and skepticism of judicial interference, regardless of his personal views. He dissented from Roe v. Wade (1973) and, more often than any of his colleagues, from subsequent decisions that reaffirmed or applied the precedent it set, to his critics’ lasting annoyance. At the time Roe was decided, White’s position — that the Constitution simply does not dictate to elected legislatures how to handle abortion — was generally accepted, and it was the Court’s decision that was the surprise. Like pro-lifers, many pro-choice scholars (and White himself, who at one point privately expressed pro-choice views) had generally understood the distinction between policy preferences regarding abortion and the Constitution’s silence on the issue.
But as the years went by, it became a tenet of liberal political orthodoxy to blur the line between constitutional law and policy preferences, and the widespread skepticism that greeted Roe was replaced with insistence that personal belief in abortion rights must translate into a belief that the Constitution was the source of these rights. This new orthodoxy was, no doubt, the result of political pressure rather than constitutional principle — pressure that the Court felt because most justices had decided to open the door to what White described as “an improvident and extravagant exercise” of judicial power supported by “nothing in the language or history of the Constitution.”
White would never join the tide. In 1992, the last time the Court revisited and upheld Roe, White, the only sitting Democratic appointee at the time, sided with the dissenting justices. This spectacle of the “ideal New Frontier justice” stubbornly refusing to embrace his party’s changing agenda did not help White’s reputation. When he retired from the Court in 1993, he received a notably frostier reception from President Clinton than would Harry Blackmun, the author of the Roe decision, whose retirement the following year was met with a fawning White House ceremony celebrating his service.
White, for his part, either did not care about how he was perceived or drew from his reputed integrity and grit to resist the self-aggrandizement of the Court. What was a justice’s role? White was asked after his brief confirmation hearing in 1962. “To decide cases,” he replied. The answer, like his opinions, so modest and devoid of ideological flamboyance, points to what made him such an anachronism: Restraint of that kind simply does not fly in a hyperpoliticized atmosphere.
In his own confirmation hearing, less than three months before what would have been White’s 100th birthday on June 8, Gorsuch recalled his old boss fondly, but the reminiscences are likely to be more fleeting when the anniversary itself arrives. Forgetting a judge such as White is easier than entertaining the unsettling thought that the judiciary would enjoy a better reputation today if more judges put a belief in the vibrancy of democratic institutions above a belief in their own omniscience, as he did.
— Frank Scaturro served as counsel for the Constitution on the staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee between 2005 and 2009, in which capacity he worked on the nominations of John Roberts and Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court and of Neil Gorsuch to the Tenth Circuit. He is the author of, among other titles, The Supreme Court’s Retreat from Reconstruction.
READ MORE:



ARTICLE
In a parade of horrors exposed by the Center for Medical Progress, one episode stands out. In the seventh video released by undercover journalists David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt, former StemExpress technician Holly O’Donnell describes an experience at Planned Parenthood Mar Monte’s Alameda Clinic in San Jose, Calif.:
O’Donnell is then told to “harvest” the child’s brain: “[She] gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face.” O’Donnell did as asked.
It’s not often that someone confesses to murder on camera, but that is what O’Donnell did, assuming her account was accurate. The California Penal Code defines murder as the “unlawful killing of a human being, or a fetus, with malice aforethought.” Not only did Planned Parenthood refuse to render care to a born-alive infant, as required by California law; it acted affirmatively to cause the child’s death.
Yet this revelation occasioned no interest. Major newspapers ignored it. Mainstream websites overlooked it. Nothing appeared on the nightly news. These were, apparently, not the crimes anyone was looking for.
Now, California attorney general Xavier Becerra has filed 15 felony charges against Daleiden and Merritt, the journalists who exposed the brutality and profiteering of Planned Parenthood and its affiliates, on the grounds that ostensibly business-related conversations among strangers held in restaurants and at conferences were in fact “confidential,” and so recording them without every participant’s consent violated California eavesdropping laws. You can read all about this news at the New York Times, the Washington Post, and CNN.
Becerra, a Democrat, recently decamped from the U.S. House to replace Kamala Harris, now California’s junior senator, as state attorney general. (Last spring, Harris’s investigators raided Daleiden’s apartment, seizing a laptop and multiple hard drives.) Both have 100 percent legislative ratings from prominent pro-abortion groups. Both have received financial support from Planned Parenthood. At the time she ordered the raid, Harris was helping Planned Parenthood’s chief legal counsel draft legislation to restrict reporting on “health-care providers.”
RELATED: California Shamelessly Persecutes Pro-Life Journalists
There is much that ought to be said about California’s transparently partisan abuse of the state’s prosecutorial power. (In recent years, undercover videos have prompted California’s Justice Department to investigate claims of animal cruelty on chicken farms. This, as opposed to homicide at abortion clinics, is enough to prompt the curiosity of California’s law-enforcement officials.) There is much, too, that ought to be said about the hypocrisy of the media types who are suddenly silent about this unconcealed assault on reporters’ freedoms, after spending the days since Donald Trump’s election propounding the importance of a vigorous press. (“Like firefighters who run into a fire, journalists run toward a story,” MSNBC’s Katy Tur boasted last month.)
But what links media hypocrisy with partisan hypocrisy, and what is at the heart of this shameful affair, is conscience twisted beyond recognition. The Center for Medical Progress revealed Planned Parenthood’s trade in fetal parts and its winking attitude toward the law. But it also revealed the sheer moral rot that consumes the abortion industry from top to bottom. Hidden from everyday view are those who, over appetizers and wine, talk about “crushing” babies to death, or joke about how an abortionist worth her salt will “hit the gym” because it requires “biceps” to dismember a baby! And there are others, such as Becerra and Harris, who may not handle the scissors, but who agree that snuffing out the life of a child on a table should be celebrated, and that those who would expose those activities should be locked up. This is the barbarism of “progressive” consensus.
On Wednesday morning, undeterred by the California Department of Justice, the Center for Medical Progress released a new video, in which an undercover Daleiden discusses abortion procedures with Dr. DeShawn Taylor, former medical director of Planned Parenthood Arizona, and the founder of her own abortion clinic in Phoenix. Taylor notes: “In Arizona, if the fetus comes out with any signs of life, we’re supposed to transport it. To the hospital.” Asked if there is any standard procedure for “verifying life,” she replies: “Well, the thing is, I mean the key is, you need to pay attention to who’s in the room, right?”
There is a famous line in Solzhenitsyn: “Let the lie come into the world, let it even triumph. But not through me.” The lie has come into the world, but not through David Daleiden.
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.



ARTICLE
The world of comedy has long been dominated by liberal entertainers. With a few exceptions, including Bob Hope, Jack Benny, Sheryl Underwood, Jamie Farr, Jeff Foxworthy, Dennis Miller, Joan Rivers, and Jackie Mason, most of the funny men and women on stage just aren’t on our side.
This doesn’t mean the political Right can’t appreciate left-leaning comedians who push the envelope and challenge societal norms. In particular, Dave Chappelle’s unique brand of comedy has his share of conservative fans — including me.
Chappelle, who is in the midst of a career comeback with a three-part special on Netflix, is a comedic genius. The 43-year-old’s stage presence, laser-sharp focus on current issues, outside-the-box thinking on race relations, and strong support for free speech make for a lethal combination. He doesn’t believe the political Left necessarily has all the answers, either.
This has been evident during his time on the comedy-club circuit, as well as various TV cameos (Home Improvement, The Larry Sanders Show) and movie roles (Robin Hood: Men in Tights, The Nutty Professor).
Yet it was his groundbreaking sketch-comedy series, Chappelle’s Show (2003–06), on Comedy Central, that really opened the eyes of many to the immense talent of this great performer.
Some of his memorable sketches included: “Frontline,” starring Clayton Bigsby, the blind black white-supremacist; “Charlie Murphy’s True Hollywood Stories,” which involved a pick-up game of basketball against Prince and the wild evenings of singer Rick James; “The Niggar Family,” about a white household living in an Ozzie and Harriet-type community with an eyebrow-raising last name; and the ever-lovin’ crack addict, Tyrone Biggums.
I’ve never laughed harder in my life than I did at some of his comedy routines. I still watch the DVD box set of his show, which he abruptly walked away from (along with a $50 million deal) and went to South Africa after reports of burnout, frustration, and loss of creative control. The episodes never grow old.
Sure, Chappelle’s comedy is politically edgy at times. He’s expressed some concerns about Republicans and conservatives. He never cared for George W. Bush, and he created a “Black Bush” character to juxtapose what White America and Black America could potentially get away with.
At the same time, he’s not a knee-jerk liberal. Far from it.
During a comedy set last year, Chappelle mentioned that he found the language contained on then–GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump’s leaked 2005 Access Hollywood video to be “gross.” At the same time, “the way I got to hear it was even more gross. You know that came directly from Hillary.” When he begrudgingly admitted that he voted for Clinton, he reportedly didn’t “feel good” about it and said, “She’s not right and we all know she’s not right.”
This initially caused some conservatives to speculate that Chappelle’s views about Trump had changed. He quickly put this theory to rest on TMZ just before the presidential election, stating “Jesus Christ, I’m not a Trump supporter.” (That being said, he did wish the president well after his victory and said he was “going to give him a chance.”)     
The Daily Beast’s Amy Zimmerman wrote in a November 8 piece, “In the year of the political renegade, Chappelle is a fittingly loose cannon.” It was a predictable left-wing response to a celebrity who admitted that he wasn’t on Team Democrat with every ounce of his being. Heaven forbid he should be allowed to hold a contrarian opinion to the vast majority of the celebrity mob, right?
He even got lambasted after two Netflix specials, The Age of Spin: Live at the Hollywood Palladium and Deep in the Heart of Texas: Live at Austin City Limits, were released on March 21. The gay community was displeased that he made jokes about them, and the trans community took offense to this remark about Caitlyn Jenner: “Whenever I see one of them T’s [i.e. transsexuals] on the street, I’m like ‘I don’t mind them but man I miss Bruce.’”
To the comedian’s credit, he did warn his audience to “man the f*ck up or you’re not going to make it through this show.”
If anything, Chappelle’s personal mission in comedy is to seek the truth, even if it hurts. He refuses to be constrained by political correctness and hurt feelings. Rather, he wants his audience to think, consider, debate, discuss, argue, and react to the world we live in. There are many sides to a particular story, and each one needs to be investigated intelligently, forcefully — and above all, humorously.
That’s something many conservatives support, and should always support in a liberal democratic society — even if it took a liberal comedian to remind us of this fact.
— Michael Taube, a Troy Media syndicated columnist and Washington Times contributor, was a speechwriter for former Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper.



ARTICLE
President Donald Trump, the great negotiator who couldn’t persuade Republicans to vote for a Republican health-care plan, has suggested that he’ll be teaming up with the Democrats to develop an alternative. On the matter of entitlement reform, he has promised to out-Schumer Chuck Schumer. One is interesting, two is coincidence, and three is a trend, which brings us to the very large tax increase President Trump is proposing — one that many Democrats, notably Hillary Rodham Clinton, have long supported.
The “carried-interest loophole” is a misunderstood and often misrepresented feature of U.S. tax law. To begin with, it isn’t a loophole at all: It is an intentionally designed feature of the tax code functioning as intended — it may be good or it may be bad, but it is the way it is for a reason, and it did not get that way by accident. Further, it does not have much to do with Wall Street hedge funds, despite the constant insistence from President Trump that it does.
Here are the basics: In our tax system, the term “long-term capital gains” generally means income from an investment held for at least one year and one day. The day-traders and algorithm-based high-frequency traders do not enjoy the tax advantage conferred upon those realizing long-term capital gains, which are taxed at a lower rate (maxing out at 23.8 percent) than are other forms of income (top tax rate 43.4 percent). This is of interest to investors on various timelines: If you are saving for your retirement, then a 20 percent tax discount on the accumulated gains of a 35-year investment plan is very important. If you are an entrepreneur who has put 40 years of his life into building a business, then the question of whether you are going to pay 23.8 percent in taxes when you sell it or 43.4 percent means a great deal. It is also very important if you are in the private-equity business, which is mostly what the current fuss is all about.
Unlike hedge funds, private-equity firms typically make long-term investments. Private-equity firms are not typically engaged in the business of trading and betting on the markets, but are genuine investors: They are private in that they help companies raise money without accessing the public financial markets, and they take equity in firms or in projects as their main form of payment. Sometimes they work with troubled companies that need to restructure and require financing to get that done; sometimes they work with very successful small companies to help them become large ones. That is what Mitt Romney did at Bain Capital, helping to launch nationwide chains such as Staples.
David’s Bridal is a pretty good example of how this works: It started as a single boutique, was built into a small and successful chain of local stores, and then was rolled out as a national chain with the assistance of private investors who had been involved in similar projects. The company changed owners a few times and had its ups and downs, and it was later acquired by the private-equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice. That’s how a little shop in Fort Lauderdale ends up becoming a billion-dollar company that employs 12,500 people and makes a lot of investors — large and small — a lot of money. None of the key players in that story took a salary to get the work done. They invested their labor, their expertise, and their capital.
Typically, a private-equity firm is organized as a partnership in which the general partner (the firm itself) is compensated with a share (typically 20 percent) of any profits that might — the key word here is “might” — be generated by an investment. In addition to the general partner, there are limited partners, who put up the money.
And that leads us to one of the criticisms of the “carried interest” tax treatment of private-equity income: Often, the firms themselves do not have any real money at risk, the immediate financial risk being borne by the limited partners who put up the money. But that is not an argument for raising the tax rate on private-equity income — it is an argument against “sweat equity,” which is the lifeblood of entrepreneurship large and small. If you open a dry-cleaner business and your rich uncle invests $20,000 in the project to get you started, the profit you realize 20 years later when you sell your successful chain of cleaners is treated as a long-term capital gain for tax purposes, in spite of the fact that you didn’t have any of your own money at risk. You didn’t invest money: You invested time, work, knowledge, and innovation, and you bore the opportunity costs for all the other things you might have done with your time and labor. You are every bit as much of an investor as is a guy who buys 20 shares of GM and parks them in his retirement account for 20 years. More of one, some might say.
Private equity does not work on the underpants-gnomes business plan. The steps between making an investment and realizing a profit are many and complex and difficult. And not every deal works out in the end. Sometimes, they — this may shock you — lose money. Often, the private-equity industry as a whole does not perform as well as the S&P 500. It is a risky business.
And that is one of the reasons that it enjoys tax advantages. You might make a perfectly good argument that this is a poor rationale, that politicians in Washington are not competent authorities to say whether there is too little risk-taking and entrepreneurship in our economy, too much, or (even more implausible) that we’re at the Goldilocks just-right level. You might make an excellent argument — a persuasive one — that having government use the tax code to encourage people and institutions to pursue one kind of income (capital gains) instead of another kind of income (salaries, bonuses, health-insurance benefits) is poor policy. But that isn’t really an argument against the carried-interest treatment for private-equity income, either: It’s an argument for a flat tax, or at least an argument for taxing all sources of income the same way. Though I am sympathetic to the case for giving the guy who worked his ass off building a new business a break on his taxes vs. the rate paid by the middle manager who always just took a salary and never took any risk, that may be entirely sentimental.
But we are not talking about that. Nobody in Washington wants to face that particular angry mob of IRA investors with torches and pitchforks. What we are talking about is singling out a particular class of businessmen for punitive tax treatment because we resent how much money some of them make, and because what they do seems like voodoo to people who do not understand it.
As a matter of policy, changing the tax treatment of private-equity income would not raise a great deal of tax revenue relative to federal spending and liabilities, and it probably would not have as much of a flattening effect as our class warriors hope. For one thing, if we convert those investment managers’ income to salaries and bonuses, then the firms that employ them are going to deduct those salaries and bonuses as ordinary business expenses, which they would be entitled to do. For another, investors will respond to economic incentives. The people who run these kinds of businesses are pretty clever about moving money around. The gentlemen in Congress are not going to outsmart them.
The broader discussion about taxes and fairness and — odious phrase — “social justice” is a waste of time. Taxes are not an instrument of justice: They are an instrument of revenue. The federal government requires x dollars to do the things we demand of it, and the only end of tax policy should be raising those dollars in a way that causes as little economic disruption as possible and invades our privacy as little as possible. At the moment, our model is lots of disruption and maximal invasion of privacy — and all of it handled by the incompetent, corrupt, politicized agents of the Internal Revenue Service.
Those are the tax-code problems we should be addressing. Instead, we are addressing some unhappy Americans’ envy and resentment. That isn’t tax policy — it’s psychotherapy.
And it’s bad medicine.
— Kevin D. Williamson is the roving correspondent for National Review.



ARTICLE
One hundred years ago, on April 6, 1917, the United States entered World War I. The ongoing conflict ended just 19 months later with an Allied victory. 
The United States did not win the war alone, given the far earlier and greater sacrifices of Great Britain, France, Italy, and czarist Russia.
But America’s late arrival, with some 2 million doughboys who landed in France less than three years after the start of the war, saved the teetering Allied cause. By late 1917, Germany had knocked Russia out of the war and seemed likely to swarm the sole Western front and finish off the exhausted British and French armies.
On this centennial of America’s entry into the war, debate still rages over the cause and results of World War I in a way not true of the far more lethal World War II (an estimated 60 million dead) just two decades later.
Until World War II, the conflict was initially known as the Great War, on the naïve premise that the “war to end all wars” would never have to be repeated. But World War I did not solve problems as much as it led to even greater ones.
Unfortunately, World War I ended with an armistice — at the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month of 1918 — and not with an unconditional surrender of the defeated. Although Germany and Austria-Hungary clearly lost the war, their countries were not occupied and monitored, as would be true after World War II.
The 1919 Treaty of Versailles that was supposed to bring peace is often blamed for being too harsh on the losers. But it was more complicated than that. The settlement of Versailles combined the very worst of both worlds: blaming the defeated side, but without any means of ensuring that the humiliated losers would not rearm and try their luck again. 
The victorious Allies soon hosted conferences outlawing deadly weapons, declaring war obsolete, and calling for collective security through the new League of Nations.
In response, the losing Germans often blamed back stabbers for their defeat and first interpreted such utopianism as Allied guilt — and later as weakness. Under Adolf Hitler, Germany rearmed and began absorbing neighboring borderlands eager to replay the verdict of World War I.
The United States was depressed that World War I seemed to have brought no lasting peace. It returned to its former isolationism during the depression years of the 1930s, disarmed, and was determined to never again become involved in Europe’s nihilistic wars.
Yet that very disengagement weakened the European democracies’ common front. Both European appeasement and American isolationism only encouraged the new Axis Powers to become even more determined to reverse the outcome of World War I.
World War I broke out in 1914 at an age when new offensive technology — machine guns, airplanes, poison gas, mass-produced artillery shrapnel shells, submarines — had vastly outpaced the arts of defense and medical care. It proved far easier to kill than to protect soldiers. And it was the first major war that was truly global, spreading beyond Europe to areas of the Middle East and Africa.
Mass deaths — especially during the great flu outbreak of 1918 — in the trenches from the Swiss border to the North Sea over four years of fighting nearly destroyed Europe. The war finished off the German, Russian, Ottoman, and Austro-Hungarian empires.
In time, savage new ideologies — Fascism, Nazism, Communism — filled the void and promised to restore national pride and prosperity.
What can Americans learn 100 years later from the belated entry of the United States into World War I, and from the war’s beginning, conduct, and aftermath?
Seemingly isolated incidents — such as the assassination of Austria’s archduke Franz Ferdinand in 1914 — can lead to nearly 20 million dead.
Isolationism and disarmament only encourage aggressors to do something stupid. Military power and deterrence persuade them not to try.
Had the United States been fully armed in 1914 (or again in 1939) and ready to help its allies, Germany might not have invaded Western Europe, or at least not have achieved such initial successes.
Wars — easy to start, hard to end — usually last far beyond what the original belligerents imagined.
Stalemate at the front ensures horrendous casualties. The Allies had no strategic plans — or ability — to attack German industries or invade German cities. And Germany and Austria could not reach the heart of Allied power in London, Paris, or New York.
Defeat and occupation force an enemy to cease its aggression. Armistices without a definite result only lead to postponements — and eventually more war.
World War I’s terrible irony is that today its horrible carnage seems even more senseless than the far greater death toll of World War II, which ended quite differently and did not lead to another world war — at least so far.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.



ARTICLE
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump signed an executive order nullifying the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan, a piece of green-fantasy regulation that was probably illegal and certainly unwise. Democrats are howling and no doubt will sue. Live by executive action, die by executive action: If the Democrats want the Clean Power Plan to be enshrined in law, then they should consider passing a law, or at least trying to. As someone once said, “elections have consequences.”
The Clean Power Plan is the result of a cascade of legal and policy errors, one in which the Supreme Court itself is culpable.
Carbon dioxide is a product of the burning of fossil fuels and other industrial processes, and it is a contributor to what we used to call “global warming” and what we now are obliged to call “climate change.” What should be done about that is a political question, properly speaking, inasmuch as it involves complex economic and environmental tradeoffs that should be negotiated among people who are subject to democratic accountability. Carbon dioxide was never listed as a source of air pollution under the Clean Air Act, which is designed to deal with pollution per se, which is a local phenomenon, as opposed to climate change, which is, by definition, a global phenomenon.
The Clean Air Act could be amended in Congress, but, instead, a coalition of largely Democratic states went to court to force the Environmental Protection Agency to classify carbon dioxide as a source of air pollution under the Clean Air Act, which would oblige the EPA to come up with a plan for regulating it. The case was Massachusetts v. EPA (2007), and the Supreme Court decided it wrongly, issuing a 5–4 decision that obliged the EPA to treat carbon dioxide as a source of air pollution under the assumption that climate change “may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare.” Under that standard, we might well regulate Boko Haram as a source of air pollution.
The ruling came in spite of the fact that the EPA itself had previously determined that it had no authority to issue carbon dioxide regulations under the Clean Air Act and a dozen other narrower legal considerations. Justice Antonin Scalia’s dissent is worth taking the time to read.
With the EPA having been given a brief to regulate carbon dioxide — an outcome the people who would come to staff the Obama administration very much welcomed — the EPA drew up a plan that would essentially reorganize the entire power-generation industry in the United States, forcing out coal and petroleum and mandating the use of so-called renewables. The plan was so far-reaching in its ambitions that half of the nation’s attorneys general joined litigation against it, insisting that it exceeded the agency’s remit, and the Supreme Court appeared to be sympathetic to their case, suspending enforcement of the new EPA rules until the case could be heard and decided.
Scott Pruitt, the new administrator of the EPA, was one of those attorneys general. And he repeatedly has made it clear that one of his priorities at the EPA will be to ensure that the agency abides by the rule of law rather than engage in regulatory adventuring with dubious authority. “Does EPA even possess the tools, under the Clean Air Act, to address this?” he asks. “It’s a fair question to ask if we do, or whether there in fact needs to be a congressional response to the climate issue.”
Here Pruitt is stating something that is, strangely, as controversial as it is obvious: If we are to make climate change a priority of the U.S. government, then Congress needs to pass a law establishing what that means and how we are to proceed. This is a question for elected officials, not for cloistered, unaccountable regulators. Indeed, even those who prefer a more aggressive approach to climate change concede that the Clean Air Act is hardly a sufficient legislative basis for national action. The EPA itself believes this, and testified to that fact in a subsequent Supreme Court case, Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA (2014).
The Democrats already have indicated that they will go to court and argue that President Trump does not have the executive authority to reverse a program instituted on the executive authority of the previous administration. Their argument is unpersuasive. There are of course limits to what the president may do domestically (thanks for that, Mr. Madison). But forging the enforcement of a regulatory scheme hatched by the prior administration — one that never has been enforced and that the current administration and half the states plausibly believe to be illegal — falls well within the proper discretion of the executive.
We are not convinced that immediate and radical action on climate change is either necessary or prudent. But if there is to be such action, it should come from an elected Congress, an elected president, or both. It is not as though Democrats have not run on the issue — they simply have been unsuccessful doing so. They ought to heed Barack Obama’s advice: “Win an election.”
Donald Trump won the last one. And on the matter of EPA overreach, he is doing the lawful thing and the right thing.



ARTICLE
Will Wilder: The Lost Staff of Wonders is the second book in a best-selling adventure series for children by Raymond Arroyo. The books are about a boy who can see demons, and they are packed with good and evil, suspense, family, fun, and manners, as enjoyable for adults as for younger readers. Arroyo, host of the long-running “The World Over” news program on EWTN, talks about Will’s world of Perilous Falls.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: You dedicate the book to your wife and your mother, for reading stories to children. Why is this so important? How hard is it to do this in the world today?
Raymond Arroyo: I dedicate it to the one who read me my first story and the one who read my children their first story. Sharing stories is an important part of passing on our humanity, our values, and our culture. As literacy rates plummet, it becomes an ever more urgent task. I meet kids every day who don’t read, but they crave good stories. If you want a child to read — read to them. The example of a parent or loved one reading is a powerful one for a child. Part of the reason that I wrote the Will Wilder series was to excite kids about the adventure of reading and to give them a tale to get lost in.
Lopez: There are flying demons in the book! This is intense stuff! Do you worry that it might be too much for young ones who already have enough intensity — and uncertainty and fear — to deal with during such young and tender years?
Arroyo: One of the first things I learned from reading specialists, librarians, and teachers was that boys — all kids really — like adventures that make them jump a little bit. They like to be scared. Just ask R. L. Stine! There’s a reason his Goosebumps series is a perennial. I have talked to tens of thousands of kids about the books, and not one has told me that the books were too intense for them.
I labor to depict the true nature of good and evil in the series. To paraphrase Chesterton: I am not telling kids that dragons exist. They already know dragons exist. My job is to let them know that the dragons can be killed. Young readers completely understand this. Frankly, it’s the adults who are likely to find the monsters and demons frightening — since they haven’t thought about those dark forces for quite some time. It’s good that the kids are there to console them.
Lopez: What are you hoping to show young people about friendship?
Arroyo: Will Wilder and his friends are not perfect by any means. They make mistakes, there are misunderstandings, but in the end, they need one another. As one of Will’s older mentors says somewhere: “Don’t be afraid. If we stick together we got this covered.” That’s true of so much of life. One of the things I have enjoyed is getting letters from aunts and uncles, grandparents, and parents who like the multigenerational aspect of the series. It’s not just kids having all the fun; it’s the whole extended family.
Lopez: Who are the Sinestri and the Brethren, and why should non-twelve-year-old boys care?
Arroyo: In the series, the Sinestri are a confederation of demons that have been battling with mankind since the dawn of time. The Brethren is a group of people who are committed to stopping the Sinestri and have been resisting them for centuries. They are outnumbered but determined. The titanic battle between good and evil is at the core of every great story. These are the opposing camps in my tales. Last time I checked, the temptations to good and evil rage within people twelve years old and a good deal older. Why wouldn’t they all care?
Lopez: What are young readers learning about the Book of Exodus through The Lost Staff of Wonders?
Arroyo: I don’t know what they learn about Exodus, but they will discover a great deal about the staff of Moses and the man who wielded it. I actually learned a lot about the staff reading the Midrash, early Jewish commentaries on the Old Testament. It suggests that the staff was sapphire and studded with lettering describing the plagues. There is some disagreement about whether there was just one staff or two: the staff of Moses and the staff of his brother Aaron. I solve this in a fun way by the end of the book. But here’s the bigger point: The staff of Moses set a lot of literary and cultural precedents. King Arthur’s Excalibur, every magic wand or wizard’s staff you’ve ever read about all owe their existence to the staff of Moses.
Lopez: Who is the character Pothinus Sab supposed to be?
Arroyo: He’s a self-help guru and soothsayer from Egypt who comes to Perilous Falls promising “regeneration.” Pothinus turned into a great character filled with mystery, drama, and secrets. He’s Pothinus Sab! Who do you think he was supposed to be?
Lopez: Max is in a wheelchair. Why? (He’s a funny fella, too, isn’t he?)
Arroyo: I get more beautiful letters about Max Meriwether — and he is really funny. Max is a friend of Will Wilder’s who has a very special gift and an important role in the series. People make assumptions about those with special needs. Just because a boy is in a wheelchair doesn’t mean he can’t have incredible adventures and play an active role. Max, who struggles with muscular dystrophy, actually sees beyond the surface of things. He often sees more clearly than Will Wilder or any of his peers. He is in real danger in this book . . . 
Lopez: Why did “Great bladders must think alike” make me laugh? I’ve never been a twelve-year-old boy!
Arroyo: I hope you laughed because it’s funny! Humor is a big part of the Will Wilder series. There are a lot of very serious things going on for Will. He’s battling fear and all kinds of dark forces. But how do we deal with things that endanger us? We laugh. We use humor to connect with one another and let in a bit of light. For me, these are real people, and sometimes they say hilarious things I never intended to write. It’s one of the joys of writing a series like this: I’m as surprised as the readers.
Lopez: “Hats shouldn’t be worn indoors,” one character says. You’re teaching manners, too? Why are such details important?
Arroyo: Because it’s important to this character. Ann Hye, the character that says this to Will, has a good reason for saying this at that moment. Again, I’m really not trying to teach via the lines. I’m simply being true to what this character would say and do in that moment. Just as we rarely blurt out what we mean in life, characters behave in a similar way. We veil, we hedge, we charm, we dodge, we joke, but we rarely bare our souls. This is not a manners lesson, but it does reveal something about Ann Hye.
Lopez: There’s something intentional about moms and dads and grandparents and others in the series, isn’t there? Can that help children who don’t come from such familial situations, without imposing shame and judgment on them?
Arroyo: The trope in kids’ literature to have a protagonist who is abandoned or orphaned has always annoyed me. My experience is that whether a child has their mom and dad with them or is in the care of a relative or grandparent, kids need elders to help them through life. I had a rich assortment of grandparents, great-grandparents, aunts, uncles, and mentors in my young life — why shouldn’t Will? And you know what I’ve found? Kids love the older characters in the series.
Even if they are not in a nuclear family, they all identify with the idea that we need family around us to go on this adventure of life. Will doesn’t always listen to his elders in the series, but they are there and in the struggle together. The young need the experience of age around them, and the old need the wonder of youth. This is one of the reasons that Will Wilder has caught on with people eight to 88. They all see themselves in these adventures and the stories awaken the kid in all of us.
Lopez: What is the most important thing Will Wilder has taught you, so far?
Arroyo: Will has taught me that [former National Review religion editor] Father Richard Neuhaus was right: “The world is wilder and more wondrous than we imagine, miracles happen even now.” Will has also allowed me to meet the greatest readers: passionate, smart, open-hearted young people who truly love a good story. To have spent time in their company and to have them read my work is one of the greatest gifts I have ever been given. Thank you, Will.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.



ARTICLE
It’s becoming increasingly clear that in the state of California, the right to abort a child is the chief liberty in the land, and all other liberties must bow before it. Few things illustrate this sad and morbid truth more than the decision of the California attorney general to prosecute (or, more accurately, persecute) David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt.
Yesterday California charged Daleiden and Merrit with a whopping 15 felony counts based on their undercover videos — released through the Center for Medical Progress — showing Planned Parenthood officials discussing, among other things, harvesting and possibly even selling the organs of aborted babies. The heart of the indictment (14 of the 15 counts) is the claim that Daleiden and Merritt wrongly recorded alleged “confidential communications” between complete strangers at public conferences and at public restaurants.
California’s case not only fails on the merits, it reeks of selective prosecution. There is no shortage of examples of concealed-camera videos in California exposing scandalous behavior (the Federalist’s Sean Davis has been tweeting them since the indictment), often in the arena of animal rights. In 2014, a group called Mercy for Animals released an undercover video that “allegedly show[ed] widespread animal abuse and cruelty at one of California’s largest duck farms.” Authorities reportedly responded to the video — by investigating the farm.
In 2015, the same group released yet another undercover video, this time exposing “apparent mistreatment of chickens at a Foster Farms poultry slaughterhouse in Fresno and at three poultry farms in Fresno County.” Once again, authorities responded — once again by investigating the farm.
But the lives and deaths of chickens and ducks rate higher than the lives and deaths of human babies in the womb, so the Center for Medical Progress triggered an entirely different law-enforcement reaction. Pro-life journalists must be prosecuted.
Yet even if you divorce the case from its damning context, California’s case is hardly airtight. In fact, there’s a California case explicitly holding that state criminal law does not apply to undercover journalist recordings nearly identical to Daleiden’s. In Wilkins v. National Broadcasting Company, the victims of an undercover Dateline NBC sting sued NBC, alleging (among other things) that it violated California Penal Code Section 632 (the exact provision at issue in Daleiden’s case) when it taped a lunch meeting at a restaurant with a company salesperson. The court ruled for NBC, holding that the lunch meeting wasn’t a “confidential communication”:
Since the Wilkins case, the California Supreme Court slightly expanded the definition of “confidential communication” under the statute, but a quick survey of the relevant cases shows that it is difficult for even civil plaintiffs to prove that they had an “objectively reasonable expectation of privacy” in public locations.
And make no mistake, the conversations at issue took place at public locations, including multiple restaurants and the 2014 National Abortion Federation conference. While the NAF sought to keep the contents of the conference itself confidential, it strains credulity that therefore every conversation at that conference was a “confidential communication” under California law.
Indeed, when combining the facts of the case with California’s apparently selective prosecution, the state’s conduct raises serious First Amendment concerns. It’s true that the Constitution doesn’t empower reporters to break the law with impunity, but it’s also true that prosecutors don’t have a free hand to prosecute journalists they dislike while giving a free pass to reporters they deem sufficiently sympathetic. Prosecutorial discretion is a powerful weapon, and California is wielding it against life and for the abortion lobby.
Fairness and law notwithstanding, Daleiden is clearly in for the fight of his legal life. California’s entire political establishment is growing ever-more repressive against people of faith and the pro-life movement. In close cases it may be difficult to find a sympathetic judge. Even here, with solid precedent on Daleiden’s side and a First Amendment that should tip the scales in his favor even further, progressive judges may be tempted to punish Planned Parenthood’s worst journalistic enemy.
Big Abortion holds the Democratic party in a vise grip, and it now may use that power to send a man to prison for embarrassing the nation’s largest abortion provider. Two young journalists may pay a steep price for doing work that the Left admires — at least when reporters are protecting ducks and chickens. But babies in the womb? They only have the right to die.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
Judge Neil Gorsuch is a mainstream conservative judge who has earned the respect of liberals in the legal world, and this fact has caused no end of frustration to Democrats who are resolved to block a vote on his nomination to the Supreme Court. Since they do not control the Senate, they could not do what the Republicans did last year and refuse to consider the nomination of a president they oppose. Hearings took place, and Gorsuch acquitted himself well. Democrats are having to invent spurious justifications for their opposition.
They have highlighted, and distorted, three of the judge’s decisions. Cecile Richards, the head of Planned Parenthood, says that Gorsuch “believes that actually bosses should be able to decide whether or not women should be able to get birth-control coverage.” We have no evidence that he believes any such thing. He did not rule that businesses should be able to refrain from providing insurance coverage for forms of birth control to which they object; he ruled that under the religious-freedom law Congress enacted, they can refrain. (He did not rule, either, that the law allows employers to stop their employees from buying whatever coverage they like.)
Senator Al Franken (D., Minn.) says that Gorsuch “sided with” a trucking company that fired an employee who disobeyed a company directive by driving his vehicle to escape freezing conditions. But Gorsuch did not say that the company made the right decision or even that the law should have allowed it to fire the driver; he merely said that the law as it stood did allow it to fire him.
Finally, several senators have excoriated a decision in which Gorsuch ruled against the family of an autistic child who sought help beyond what the local schools were willing to provide. The Democrats claim that a Supreme Court ruling that came down during the hearings repudiated the legal standard Gorsuch applied. They neglect to mention that Gorsuch was applying a precedent of his circuit, as he was bound to do; that the Supreme Court itself mentioned that it had left the law in this area confused, something only it could resolve; and that a liberal Democratic appointee had joined in Gorsuch’s decision.
The theme running through all of these criticisms is that Democrats want Gorsuch to reach results that run counter to the law — a point that Senator Kamala Harris (D., Calif.) put with characteristic artlessness in complaining about Gorsuch’s attention to “legalisms.” These criticisms thus testify to the judge’s fitness for the Supreme Court.
When they are not distorting cases, the Democrats have been unable to mount a coherent case. Thus they say that Judge Gorsuch is simultaneously too deferential to President Trump (because he has failed to denounce the man who nominated him) and not deferential enough (because he has said that executive-branch agencies have too much leeway to apply their own interpretations of the law).
And they have complained, oh have they complained, about the Republicans’ refusal to allow President Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, to sit on the Supreme Court. The Constitution gave the Republicans the right not to schedule hearings for Garland. It gives the Democrats the right to complain about it, and even to filibuster Gorsuch’s nomination in response. It also gives the Senate Republicans the power to end filibusters of Supreme Court nominees. Gorsuch is a good enough nominee, and the cause of getting judges committed to the rule of law is sufficiently important, that Republicans should exercise that power should it prove necessary.



ARTICLE
One of the great lies of the last election cycle didn’t come from Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. It came from conservatives.
Specifically, the lie came from conservatives who suggested that after Trump was elected — after the Hildebeast had been defeated! — they would go back to holding Trump accountable, pushing for better public policy. Everything had to be put on hold to stop the Democrats from taking power, every heresy tolerated. But once Trump took the White House, conservatives could return to their political philosophy.
Nope.
It now appears that the cognitive dissonance associated with Trump support has morphed into full-blown Stockholm syndrome, with conservatives now waiving principle not to defeat Hillary Clinton, but to back Trump down the line. Many conservatives now say that Trump’s American Health Care Act was the best available bad option. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and President Trump had presented a crap sandwich, to be sure, but it was the best available crap sandwich. Never mind its 17 percent public-approval rating. Never mind its accelerated death spiral. Never mind its new entitlement, its maintenance of key Obamacare regulations, or its increased premiums for the next few years.
Trump wanted it; thus it was good; thus it had to be passed. It was The Best We Were Going To Do™.
Except that it wasn’t. It wasn’t the legislative process that required a bill cramdown on the president’s own party within a three-week period. It wasn’t the legislative process that offered an ultimatum to conservatives to embrace the suck. It wasn’t the legislative process that demanded conservatives sign on to all the policies they opposed when Obama promulgated them. It was Trump. And because Ryan thought that his best option involved parlaying with Trump rather than going through the rough business of policymaking, he negotiated with himself to create a one-off bill, hoping that Trump would bring the anti-establishment conservatives and that he’d bring the establishment Republicans.
It failed, in part because of Trump’s artificial deadline, in part because Trump would never have pushed a truly conservative piece of legislation that did away with preexisting-conditions regulations, and in part because Ryan decided to go along with Trump’s program in order to push through his long-awaited structural changes to Medicaid. And then, to top it off, Trump deployed famed subtle touch Steve Bannon to scream at Republicans about how they had to get their minds right or they’d spend the night in the box.
The bill was bad, and it deserved to go down in flames. The strategy was worse. Barack Obama spent 13 months hammering out Obamacare. Trump spent 17 days. But who gets blamed? The conservatives who actually took their promises about repealing Obamacare seriously. The gaddumed fools thought that it mattered whether they actually got rid of Obamacare. All they had to know was that many conservatives only cared about propping up Trump.
And so too many conservatives turned on the Freedom Caucus, which saved Republicans from passing an odious piece of legislation that would have crippled Republicans for years. They argued that Republicans had to go along with Trumpcare, because it was the “lesser of two evils.” They followed Trump’s lead, as Trump outrageously blamed the Freedom Caucus for preserving Planned Parenthood funding and Obamacare. The more to the left Trump moves, the more incompetently he governs, the more unpopular he becomes, the more his election defenders feel the need to defend him beyond the election.
There’s been a lot of talk about Never Trumpers dumping on Trump in order to prove they were right during the election cycle. There’s some truth to that — figures such as Evan McMullin seem dedicated to the proposition that everything Trump touches turns to hot garbage. But that case is overstated. Most of those who didn’t vote for Trump or Hillary have praised Trump fulsomely for conservative actions such as the nomination of Judge Gorsuch, his approach to cutting regulation, and most of his cabinet appointments.
There’s been far less talk about ardent Trump defenders who are now shifting their arguments about Trump’s supposed brilliance because they wish to avoid the non-brilliant reality of his presidency.
Remember when Trump would be a great president because he was a great negotiator? That old chestnut has been discarded in favor of “Trump got played by that Machiavellian Snidely Ryan.”
Remember when Trump would know how to work with Congress, because he wasn’t tied down to ideology? That’s been tossed out the window in favor of screaming about conservative obstructionism.
Remember when Trump would be the most conservative president ever, and this whole populist shtick would merely be a cover for a Mike Pence policy? That’s gone, and Trump’s now going to be the greatest aisle-reacher in history.
Remember when Trump would know how to fix D.C., because only he knew how corrupt it was? Now we hear that Trump didn’t understand the extent of the problem in D.C.
Remember when Trump’s toughness would mean that nobody would cross him? That argument now reads, “Trump’s so tough, he knew when to walk away.”
In other words, many conservatives have become religious Trumpians. There is nothing Trump can do to lose their love and respect. If he turns to the left, they’ll blame conservatives for failing to kowtow to leftist policy. If he gets nothing done, they’ll blame everybody else on earth for failing to support Trump properly. The god must be appeased.
And so the soul-sucking of many conservatives continues apace. This doesn’t mean that Trump won’t give conservatives some wins — he most assuredly will. And those wins deserve celebration. But the question remains: When Trump crosses conservatives, will their allegiance remain with him, or with the philosophy they supposedly sought to uphold in electing him to avoid Hillary Clinton?
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.



ARTICLE
Do you know the story of Charging Bull and Fearless Girl? A contemporary, and outrageous, story it is. I will tell it, briefly.
Arturo Di Modica sculpted Charging Bull in the wake of a stock-market crash — 1987. He meant it to be a pick-me-up, a confidence-booster. He meant it, in his words, to represent “the strength and power of the American people.” The bull is the symbol of dynamism, you see. (A bear, in Wall Street terms, is a symbol of pessimism.) Charging Bull has been a fixture on Wall Street since 1989.
Then came International Women’s Day 2017. And the investment firm of State Street Global Advisors decided to pull a stunt. They commissioned a sculpture of a little girl and placed it in front of the bull. She is defiant. She is standing up to the bull. And she is supposed to be making a statement about gender equality in the financial sector.
She is a neat-looking little girl, for sure. But do you see how she has changed the meaning of the bull? The bull meant something good (at least in the eyes of American capitalists like me). Fearless Girl turns him into something bad and menacing — something to be stood up to.
Fearless Girl was supposed to be temporary, gone by the beginning of April. She has now been given an extension — until next year. How much do you want to bet that she will be permanent? Political correctness will see to that, I’m afraid. Can you imagine if someone tries to dislodge her? Can you hear the hue and cry?
In the Reagan years, we spoke of a “domestic Brezhnev Doctrine.” We conservatives spoke of it sardonically. The real Brezhnev Doctrine — promulgated by the Soviet premier Leonid Brezhnev — said that, once a country became Communist, it would remain Communist. (The Reagan Doctrine was designed to reverse the Brezhnev Doctrine.) By “domestic Brezhnev Doctrine,” we meant that, if a government office or program came into being, it was forever. Or almost impossible to dislodge.
My worry is that some kind of Brezhnev Doctrine will apply to Fearless Girl — who, again, is wonderful, but in the wrong place. Her backers have warped and perverted the meaning of that bull. This stinks.
Devin Nunes met his super-secret source on the White House grounds. Sort of romantic. Not as romantic as a pumpkin patch. And much more romantic than a garage.
(Pumpkin patch = Hiss-Chambers case. Garage = Watergate and Deep Throat.)
President Trump said to an interviewer, “I can’t be doing so badly because I’m president and you’re not.” I remember when righties liked me knocked Obama for his arrogance and condescension. But the cat will have many tongues for the duration of this current presidency …
Trump has a tendency in his tweets (as do many of his supporters). He ends them with “#MAGA,” alternatively “#MAGA!” (with exclamation point). For instance, Trump ended a recent tweet with “Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!”
It seems to me that “#MAGA!” is sort of a secular, political “Amen.” I find it culty and creepy, but I know that many millions love it.
“Culty and creepy” is a charge we used to level at Obama and his crowd, regularly …
He watches Fox & Friends a lot, Trump does. He frequently praises it, and frequently tweets about it. He did it again earlier this week. There is an expression: “a man and his dog.” I think of another: “a man and his show.” Even more than Hannity, I think, Fox & Friends is the president’s show.
“Watch Fox & Friends!” he’ll say. “Watch Judge Jeanine!” I sometimes think that Fox should pay our president a publicity fee.
After Tomi Lahren praised Trump on Hannity, the president called her, to thank her and converse with her. To see a story about this, go here.
Look, a president needs friends, like everyone else, and I can certainly understand a guy calling Tomi Lahren. But will commentators alter what they say in search of a pat on the head from POTUS? Even a phone call?
This is a concern, I think. And yet the media are so diverse, there’s room for everybody, including cheerleaders. (I have cheerled myself on occasion, no doubt.)
Something mighty interesting in TrumpWorld: Jamie Gorelick is legal adviser to Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. A deputy attorney general in the Clinton years, she was a bête noire of conservatives. These days, she is taking heat from the Left for her services to the presidential daughter and son-in-law.
We do have a great system, don’t we? At least a danged interesting one.
So, Carlos the Jackal has been sentenced to life in prison for the third time. (To read a story, go here.) Good. Give him a fourth, if necessary.
It occurs to me — forgive me for putting it this way — that Carlos was terror before terror was cool.
Have you heard about the Daily Mail? (The most widely read publication in the English-speaking world, I understand.) On the front page, they ran a photo of Nicola Sturgeon, the Scottish “first minister,” and Theresa May, the British PM. Both women were strikingly leggy, in the photo. So, the paper ran the heading, “Never mind Brexit, who won Legs-it!”
And the world wet its pants. (Misogyny, etc.)
My view: The Daily Mail is a tabloid. This is what tabloids do. Fish swim, birds fly — and tabloids do this.
Chill out, y’all. Geez.
Speaking of things British: The National Gallery announced that The Morning Walk, by Gainsborough, “has been fully restored and is now back on display in Room 34.” Room 34 holds British paintings from 1750 to 1850. Daniel Hannan tweeted, “Arguably the finest room in the world.”
Which brought up the question: What is the finest room in the world? What would you argue? I always thought the Main Reading Room at the Library of Congress — Jefferson Building — was kind of nice. And there are any number of rooms in Italy.
So, what do you think? Any room that has Jefferson dining alone? (Ha ha.) Seriously, if you have thoughts, or nominations, e-mail them to me at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.
Stay with things British: As readers may know, I am a great fan of University Challenge, the quiz show. (I wrote a little piece about it — my fandom — for Standpoint magazine, here.) Teams are four-man, and each of the teams has a captain. This season, two captains in particular have captured imaginations: Bobby Seagull, of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, and Eric Monkman, of Wolfson College, Cambridge. Seagull is known for his casual, peppy, friendly style (and of course his brilliant play — if “play” is the word); Monkman is known for his idiosyncratic omnicompetence.
They probably should have met in the final. Instead, they met in the semi-finals. It was a clash of titans, one for the ages. To see it — go here.
(One thing I loved was the sight of Monkman’s teammates shaking their heads in wonderment at what he knew.)
I enjoyed a lead from an AP report: “That mustang in the rearview mirror turned out to be a real horse running on a Northern California highway — followed by a mule.” Nice, huh?
News from the North — from Canada: They will legalize pot there by the summer of 2018. My feeling is, Aren’t Canadians mellow enough already? They are certainly polite. Also: What will this do to their hockey? Will they turn to hacky sack? Frisbee?
“Great president,” said Trump. He was speaking of Lincoln. “Most people don’t even know he was a Republican.”
Is that true? For eons, Republicans have referred to their party as “the party of Lincoln.” It is virtually a cliché: “party of Lincoln.” One that makes Democrats roll their eyes.
But maybe Trump is right, if the state of American education is as bad as people say.
Can you name your kid whatever you want? Not in Switzerland. Parents in that lovely, mountainous land wanted to give their daughter the middle name of “J” — just “J,” no period or nothing. A registry office said no. Can you believe it? Believe it. (Report here.)
First they came for the J’s, and I said nothing. Then they came for the K’s …
Let’s have a little language — though not our own language. A headline read, “Non merci: French voters reject corruption in politics.” (Story here.)
In my understanding, just “Merci,” said in a certain way, says “No, thank you.” Perhaps Frenchmen among us can weigh in…
Roger Wilkins, the lawyer, civil-rights activist, and writer, has died. (To read the obituary in the New York Times, go here.) I contacted him for a couple of pieces — because I wanted to talk things over with him. One of the pieces was about Clinton in the Lewinsky scandal, I recall. Clinton was leaning heavily on his black supporters. I was writing about that.
Anyway, each time I called him, I found Wilkins helpful, smart, and gentlemanly. I’m glad for those couple of contacts.
I was talking with a friend of mine, and I asked her, “Who were your outstanding professors? Who are the best professors you ever had?” She named two famous figures, Sidney Hook and Louis Hartz — and then someone I didn’t know of, Robert McCloskey. A professor of government at Harvard, who lived from 1916 to 1969. I wish I had known him.
He was the father of Deirdre McCloskey, by the way. She is a well-known economist, historian, etc.
Have the opening of Robert McCloskey’s obit in the Harvard Crimson:
Don’t you wish you had studied with him?
Have a sentence from the closing paragraph: “Many will remember him most for the calm manliness in which was revealed a rare joining of openness and strength.” I’m not sure you could write “calm manliness” today.
You should — especially when it’s appropriate.
Thanks, dear readers, and catch you soon.
 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
Paul Ryan did it.
That’s the argument many of the louder voices on the right are shouting. In the story they tell, the speaker of the House is fully responsible for the GOP’s failure to pass an Obamacare repeal-and-replace bill last week. President Trump should walk across a Havana ballroom like Michael Corleone in The Godfather Part II, kiss Ryan on the mouth and say, “I know it was you, Paul. You broke my heart.”
Jeanine Pirro, host of Justice with Judge Jeanine on Fox News and an old friend of Trump’s whose support for his candidacy was about as nuanced as a horse head in your bed, suggested that Trump was beguiled and seduced by Ryan.
“Americans elected the one man they believed could do it. A complete outsider. Someone beholden to no one — but them,” Pirro said straight into the camera on her TV show.
“And Speaker Ryan, you come in, with all your swagger and experience, and you sell him a bill of goods that ends up a complete and total failure. And you allow our president, in his first 100 days, to come out of the box like that?”
“Folks,” she continued, “I want to be clear: This is not on President Trump.” (The “not,” by the way, is all-caps on her website.) “No one expected a businessman to completely understand the nuances, the complicated ins and outs of Washington and its legislative process.”
Translation: Donnie’s a good boy, he just fell in with the wrong crowd.
Over at CNN, Trump loyalist Jeffrey Lord also insisted, “This is Speaker Ryan’s fault.”
Back over at Fox (where I am a contributor), Sean Hannity read from the same hymnal: “Let me be very clear here. This is not President Trump’s failure. The president went above and beyond, did everything in his power to get this bill across the finish line.”
There are three interesting things about this new orthodoxy.
First, that’s not what Trump says. On Saturday morning, Trump placed the blame squarely on the House Freedom Caucus, the 30-odd members of Congress who reportedly kept changing their demands until it was clear they were never going to support the American Health Care Act. Nor is there a single quote from a member of Congress echoing this sentiment, even from the Freedom Caucus. The people in the room understand that Ryan, who clearly made some mistakes, nonetheless acted in good faith to move the president’s agenda.
The Pirro crowd, however, can’t endorse the effort to blame the Freedom Caucus, because it’s the heir of True Conservatism. If Trump found himself in opposition to the group, it must be because he was tricked — by Ryan’s irresistible “swagger.”
The second point: Contrary to what Pirro says, she and the other members of Trump’s amen chorus did expect him to work miracles, or at least they said as much. Indeed, during the campaign, Trump said “it will be so easy” to get rid of Obamacare. Trump and his boosters insisted there was nothing he couldn’t do with his Jedi-like negotiating skills and gift for “winning.”
So the only explanation that can rescue them from the agony of cognitive dissonance is to insist that Trump was betrayed.
That’s why Hannity’s claim that Trump did “everything in his power” to get the bill passed is an accidental admission against interest. It concedes the falsity of the idea that Trump is a modern-day, omni-competent Cincinnatus who will lay down his golf bag to save the republic.
Third: It’s a sign of things to come. Some conservatives opposed Trump in the primaries because they — we — didn’t trust him to uphold conservative principles. The Hannitys and Heritage Foundations insisted these fears were misplaced. And on some issues (Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Cabinet appointments, etc.), they’ve been somewhat vindicated.
But now, because of the Freedom Caucus’s stubbornness, Trump is signaling that he might be happier to work with Democrats than deal with the purity caucus — an alliance that certainly would not lead to conservative policies.
Should that come to pass (a difficult task given the polarization of the parties), there will be more talk of betrayal, but the loyalists will doubtless find a way to blame anyone but Trump.
—Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC



ARTICLE
Three Pitzer College students are slamming a school newspaper, the Claremont Independent, for publishing an article about their crusade against white girls wearing hoop earrings after people on the Internet attacked them for their opinion.
In case you aren’t familiar with the story, a group of Latina students at Pitzer started what was essentially a campaign against white girls wearing hoop earrings on the grounds that that’s cultural appropriation. They spray-painted “White girls, take OFF your hoops” on a dormitory free-speech wall, one of the spray-painters sent out a campus-wide e-mail about how offensive hoops were, and another spray-painter replied to that thread with her own e-mail saying the same thing.
They, themselves, decided to make their opinions public. They made this decision repeatedly by taking multiple actions to ensure that their views on hoops reached a large audience. And now — now! — they’re mad at a school publication for covering them.
Earlier this month, three of the women — including the two women who had written the e-mails — wrote a post for LatinoRebels.com accusing the Independent of having put “young women of color in danger” by writing a piece about the controversy.
The post claims that it “seems that [the Independent’s] writer has released students’ emails and identities to a larger community.” Now, the article did identify two of the women by name: The women who willingly sent out those e-mails on the issue with their names attached to them. I have seen no proof that the writer actually did release anyone’s e-mail address, and it seems that the authors of the post haven’t either, seeing as they qualified their accusation with “it seems that” rather than stating it outright. If the author did do this, I don’t support that decision, but I also don’t think that it’s something we can confidently accuse him of, especially considering that students’ .edu e-mail addresses are not all that difficult to figure out.
According to the post, the women “now are facing harassment from ultra right-wing groups and individuals, including a death threat through Facebook messenger,” the post continues.
Obviously, death threats and harassment are not okay. What’s more, I know exactly what it’s like to receive them, because I’ve been through it myself. Once, I was flooded with threats of rape, death and other violence — including one e-mail wishing that I would die from the same disease that had just killed my mother — over a joke about Star Wars that I’d made on a late-night TV show. Basically, a popular YouTuber had picked up my joke and covered it on his channel, and then some of the people who saw it decided they hated me, and then those people berated me with unthinkable vitriol.
Make no mistake: I absolutely did speak out against the people who were threatening me, just like these girls did, and just like they absolutely should have. Here’s the difference, though: I never, ever censured that YouTuber for covering my comments. Why? Because I myself had decided to make this joke on television, with my name attached to it, which means that it was completely fair for this YouTuber to cover it.
This, of course, does not mean that we should consider violent reactions to be a normal, acceptable response to someone having said something publicly. But to say that we should not expect our attention-seeking efforts to receive attention when we’ve invited it? Well, that’s about as backwards as it gets.
Now, I understand that these students did not make their hoop-comments on a television show — but they certainly did make them in a way that invited public commentary. Think about it: If you are going to e-mail the entire campus about an issue, why would you then turn around and slam the campus newspaper for covering it? You yourself signaled that your comments were relevant to the entire student body by e-mailing them to the entire student body. Sending an e-mail to an entire institution with your name on it, and then suggesting that you intended for that e-mail to stay private is a completely absurd line of thinking. An e-mail like that could be called a press release before it could be called private communication, and it’s completely disingenuous to suggest that anything else is true.
If you want to keep your opinions personal, then fine. Do that. The best way to keep them not private? Spray painting them all over a public wall and sending them out to thousands of people. That’s not discouraging publicity; it’s demanding it.
This story was previously covered in an article on Heat Street.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online. 



ARTICLE
The failure of the Trump administration to keep its promise to repeal Obamacare will not merely change the order of President Trump’s legislative priorities, nor will it prove to be the cause of all that ails the GOP and the White House going forward. Instead, it has revealed what really ailed this Republican government to begin with — and conservatives like me have every reason to be deeply concerned by those ailments.
On one hand, there is the Freedom Caucus, whose members succeeded in derailing the AHCA, unphased (if not somewhat amused) by President Trump’s threats to go after them. Talk in recent days that they might lose their seats to Trump-backed primary challengers in 2018 should seem laughable to anyone who understands the nature of their districts, especially in light of the financial backing they just earned themselves from conservative groups opposed to the bill.
Were a good portion of them driven by what they found unpleasant in the bill? Of course, and rightly so: There was much within it to find unpleasant. But had the bill’s substance been 20 percent better, or 50 percent better, or 80 percent better, would the Freedom Caucus have supported it en masse? Unlikely. In fact, a perfect bill would have presented HFC members and outside groups with an existential crisis, since their fundraising efforts depend on stoking a permanent sense of grievance with the government. Every single member of the Freedom Caucus knew darn well the math of reconciliation vs. overcoming a filibuster, and the political concessions necessary to make repeal and replacement a reality; they simply had no intention of getting anything done, because not getting anything done is what they live for. Ideologically, I am in near-complete agreement with them, yet I find contemptible the manner in which they exploit others who share their beliefs for their own fundraising objectives, and what the vast majority of them are willing to let get done and willing to let not get done for their own political gain.
Now, they have beaten Trump badly, and yet remain no closer to enacting any of their agenda. Heads no one wins, tails we all lose.
On the other hand, there is what this bill itself reveals about the state of our politics more broadly. I adore my friends who complain that we are acting as if health care is a right. I get the angst over the establishment of a new “entitlement.” I find the idea of waiting to sign up for insurance until one gets sick mathematically preposterous. And I also recognize the coverage of pre-existing conditions does require a risk-pool methodology to be made fiscally sustainable. But if we believe that, as a political matter, our society will tolerate roughly 10 million people losing coverage overnight, we live in a fantasy world. There was never, ever, ever going to be an unwinding of Obamacare that made everyone happy; even if we manage to get rid of it, it’s unpleasant aftereffects will linger. I don’t like it any more than you do, but I don’t deny its reality.
The worst part of all this is that President Trump stands revealed as something less than the magical wand-waving, deal-making savant his supporters built him up to be. To anyone who has been paying attention, this was already obvious: In reality, he has thus far mostly gotten played like a fiddle, and currently looks weak, ill-prepared, humbled, naive, and silly. His charm offensives have fallen flat. His threats have been batted away like flies. The narrative that I have heard from Trump supporters ad nauseum — that he is a businessman who “gets things done” — fell apart so badly when faced with its first test, and their response was . . . to blame Speaker Paul Ryan in the most cowardly way imaginable. To be sure, Trump himself has done the exact opposite of his base, reiterating over and over again that the AHCA’s failure was not Ryan’s fault, that they support him, that the White House supports him, and that he was implementing the agenda the president gave him to carry out. Trump very well could have taken the highly disingenuous way out and tried to blame “GOP leadership” for this; he hasn’t, and for that I give him a lot of credit. But any objective reading of the facts reveals that Trump’s cabinet wrote this bill. He campaigned repeatedly on the idea that coverage for those up to age 26 and coverage for those with pre-existing conditions would not be rescinded. He told Ryan that the bill must not result in millions losing coverage. He set the parameters of the bill, and Ryan took them into committee and constructed a proposal that eliminated hundreds of billions of taxes, de-funded Planned Parenthood, and did a lot to improve the wretched conditions thrust upon us by the ACA. The result was, of course, deeply flawed in other ways, leaving much to be desired on the questions of mandates, regulations, and Medicaid.
In the big picture, it was a strategic mistake to start with health care. Trump promised that within minutes of taking office he would fix everything wrong with America, and an unusually naïve voting public believed him, just as it believed Obama’s promises in 2008. Coming into office, recognizing the election was already won and no one really thought Obamacare would just be repealed and replaced with the stroke of a pen, the President and the GOP would have been far better served to start with corporate tax cuts, which they’ve now turned to as a plan b in the wake of the AHCA’s failure. An initial win — any initial win — would have built political momentum for repeal-and-replace, not to mention Trump’s other priorities. The low-hanging fruit of corporate tax cuts would have set the table for more complex tax reform later, and also for a more constructive approach to health care.
Many of my friends have an optimistic take on all this. They argue that Trump will learn from the bill’s failure and that he still has plenty of time to implement the rest of his agenda. I do not disagree — there is time, and there are lessons that may be learned. But if I were a betting man, I would say the president will learn the wrong lesson from this, which is that it’s easier to play ball with Democrats than with the Freedom Caucus.
The messianic status accorded Trump by his supporters was always dangerous; now it has been discredited. Those of us who love country and cause should pray that it becomes a distant memory, that the actual work of thoughtful governance is about to begin, and that policies that advance the causes of growth and freedom will ultimately win the day.
— David L. Bahnsen is a trustee of the National Review Institute and the founder and chief investment officer of The Bahnsen Group, a wealth-management firm in Newport Beach, Calif.



ARTICLE
As readers will know by now, our old colleague Linda Bridges has died at age 67. I owe Linda a lot: Along with Richard Brookhiser, she gave me my first job after graduation, in 1987. They saved me from graduate school. Ten years at National Review in total were a much, much bigger influence on my life than college. I’ve long felt that I grew up there, and so Linda was, in a certain sense, a parental figure.
As an editor, I often think of her dictums on language. Among other things, she taught me to let a writer have his individual voice, to preserve and value it even if it was quite eccentric. One of my responsibilities early on at NR was to edit the columns of an extremely old-school Austro-Hungarian aristocrat who analyzed European affairs for the magazine. I aggressively rewrote him to sound like me. When I got my work back from Linda, I saw that she had reverted — in other words, rejected — almost all of my edits. This happened several times until I got the point: Don’t take his voice from him!
As with a parent, I’ve sometimes found that I only later realized the wisdom or charm of things I heard from her. I remember being surprised by her outlandishness when she said she wished she had been born in the 16th rather than the 20th century. But I think I understand the sentiment now. She was devoted to traditions, memories, old things in general — the ancient manual typewriter she used, for example, or the treasured cabinet of obsolete movable-type pieces that was the centerpiece of her warren-like office in the former, decrepit NR building. Nothing is more characteristic of a conservative than such devotion. I have a manual typewriter from 1931 by my own desk now, rarely used except by my kids as a novelty, but still a prize. It always reminds me of Linda.
She was well known as National Review’s institutional memory, and confided to the younger staff the secret guarded by an old rusty-brown leatherette couch that lived in my office at the time.
Linda had a big, hearty, staccato laugh and threw her head back in hilarity as far as it would go when she was really amused. When she was surprised and a little appalled by something, she sometimes said, “Good gravy!” Miss Bridges loathed an ugly form of address such as calling a woman “Ms.” She pronounced it “Muzzzzz,” and said she would only call another woman that, rather than “Miss” or “Mrs.,” under duress if she was trying to obtain a favor from her. She was half Norwegian by background, and there was something about her — I can’t put my finger on it — that seemed to have escaped from Norse mythology.
On my first day at work, she explained to me that to understand National Review, you had to read Brideshead Revisited. That was about right. I feel that my own personality was pale compared to the extraordinarily vivid individuals Bill Buckley gathered around him, including Linda. I think it was she who said once that NR was a habitat for endangered species, and that was true.
The last time I saw her was not in person but in the wonderful documentary about Buckley and Gore Vidal, Best of Enemies (2015), where she shared a little bit of the great deal that she knew about Buckley, including of the notorious explosive TV encounter with Vidal.
Linda also grew up at National Review, which she joined straight out of USC. She was a vital organ of the magazine that she faithfully served for her entire working life. I remember when Richard Vigilante left NR, at his farewell lunch, referring to its importance to him, he said something to the effect of, “Although I will no longer be at National Review, I think I will always be at National Review.” So will Linda. God bless her.
— David Klinghoffer is a senior fellow at the Discovery Institute.



ARTICLE
Every day the coalition conducts air strikes in Mosul. Those strikes support Iraqi and embedded U.S. coalition ground forces by destroying Daesh (ISIS) personnel in their redoubts. Nearly all the bombs hit their targets without any civilian loss.
But on March 17, a coalition air strike may have killed more than 100 civilians. An investigation is under way, but the specific cause of the civilian deaths is not yet known. One Iraqi commander has claimed that secondary explosions from an air strike on a Daesh bomb truck might be responsible. Regardless, Iraqi and international outcry is growing. The U.N. has implied that the U.S. is bombing indiscriminately. Human-rights groups are questioning the coalition’s commitment to protecting civilians. And in Iraq, Sunni leaders, including the parliament speaker and the head of a major political bloc, have expressed great concern.
Momentum is building toward a pause or restriction on operations in Mosul. That must not happen. We’ve witnessed a tragedy that demands investigation. But we must not risk victory.
After all, although it’s tragic, this incident isn’t surprising. As I explained at NRO last October, Mosul was always going to be a challenging locale for air strikes. The city is densely populated, and Daesh forces embrace ambush-maneuver tactics alongside human shields. Cumulatively, those factors make efficient targeting an extreme challenge for air controllers.
Another problem is Daesh’s perception of civilian casualties as a strategic weapon. When Sunni civilians are killed by coalition or Iraqi forces, Daesh presents their deaths as evidence of America’s desire to maim Iraq. According to Daesh, the deaths prove the Baghdad government’s disdain for its Sunni citizenry. Mosul is key to Iraq’s future. If the city becomes a symbol of Sunni oppression, Prime Minister Abadi’s reconciliation campaign could implode. Daesh and Iran are united in their desire to see such an implosion.
Yet pausing or restricting American operations in Mosul would be the wrong move today. Only Mosul’s northwestern sector now remains in Daesh’s hands. Their forces are surrounded and under extraordinary pressure. To hesitate now would give Daesh an opportunity to resupply and regroup, thus prolonging the battle for Iraqi civilians and soldiers, and increasing the political risks to Abadi. At the same time, with Daesh nearly encircled in Raqqah, we have an opportunity to show the group for what it is: an army of losers destined for annihilation rather than divinely ordained victory. Remember, Daesh recruitment in the U.S. and abroad rests on the group’s ability to show credible and growing power. In Mosul and Raqqah that credibility is dying.
Iraq’s recent history offers a critical lesson here. Fallujah, April 2004: After the killing of four U.S. contractors there, the U.S. Marines were ordered to seize the city from insurgent forces dominated by al-Qaeda in Iraq (Daesh’s precursor). Marine commanders (including one James Mattis) believed that the operation was a mistake, but they followed orders. Three weeks later, having taken casualties, the Marines were near victory. But just short of victory, sensitive to international complaints that the Marines were too aggressive, the Bush administration ordered a withdrawal. The Marines were replaced by a poorly led Iraqi replacement force that quickly surrendered to the insurgents. In the ensuing months, the al-Qaeda threat from Fallujah only grew. And in November 2004, the Marines had to return to finish the fight. More blood was lost as our troops retook ground that has been taken and then given up.
Fallujah should have taught us a lesson about urban operations in Iraq. Once committed, the pursuit of victory must not be diverted by civilian casualties, which are sometimes unavoidable. When America, the coalition, and our Iraqi allies entered Mosul, our objective was Daesh’s defeat and the city’s liberation. That objective remains. We must see it done.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review Online, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group, and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. Email him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.



ARTICLE
The American Left used to lecture the nation about its supposedly paranoid suspicions of Russia. The World War II alliance with Joseph Stalin’s Soviet Union had led many leftists to envision a continuing post-war friendship with Russia.
During the subsequent Cold War, American liberals felt that the Right had unnecessarily become paranoid about Soviet Russia, logically culminating in the career of the demagogic Senator Joe McCarthy. Later, in movies such as Seven Days in May, Doctor Strangelove, and The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming, Hollywood focused on American neuroses as much as Russian hostility for strained relations.
In the great chess rivalry of 1972 known as “The Match of the Century,” American liberals favored Russian grandmaster Boris Spassky over fellow countryman Bobby Fischer, who embarrassed them by winning.
In the same manner, Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev was often portrayed in the media as the urbane, suave, and reasonable conciliator, while President Ronald Reagan was depicted as the uncouth disrupter of what could have been improved Russian–American relations.
Senator Ted Kennedy reportedly reached out to Soviet leader Yuri Andropov in 1984 to gain his help in denying Reagan his reelection.
In sum, the American Left always felt that Russia was unduly demonized by the American Right and was a natural friend, if not potential ally, of the United States. That tradition no doubt influenced the decision of the incoming Obama administration to immediately reach out to Vladimir Putin’s Russia, despite its recent aggressions in Georgia and steady crackdown on internal dissent, and despite Russia’s estrangement from the prior Bush administration.
 
Obama’s Entreaty to the Russians
In March 2012, in a meeting with President Dimitri Medvedev of Russia, President Barack Obama thought his microphone was either off or could not pick up the eerie assurances that he gave the Russian president:
“On all these issues, but particularly missile defense, this, this can be solved, but it’s important for him [Vladimir Putin] to give me space.”
Medvedev answered: “Yeah, I understand. I understand your message about space. Space for you . . . ”
Obama agreed and elaborated, “This is my last election. After my election, I have more flexibility.”
Medvedev finished the hot-mic conversation with, “I understand. I will transmit this information to Vladimir, and I stand with you.”
A fair interpretation of this stealthy conversation would run as follows:
Barack Obama naturally wanted to continue a fourth year of his reset and outreach to Vladimir Putin, the same way that he was reaching out to other former American enemies such as the Iranians and the Cubans. Yet Obama was uneasy that his opponent, Mitt Romney, might attack him during his reelection campaign as an appeaser of Putin. Thus, to preempt any such attack, Obama might be forced to appear less flexible (offer less “space”) toward Putin than he otherwise would be in a non-election year. In other words, he couldn’t publicly assure Putin that he would be “flexible” about implementing missile defense in Eastern Europe (“all these issues”) until after he was reelected.
An apprehensive Obama, in his hot-mic moment, was signaling that after his anticipated victory, he would revert to his earlier reset with Putin. And most significantly, Obama wished Putin to appreciate in advance the motives for Obama’s campaign-year behavior. Or he at least hoped that Putin would not embarrass him by making international moves that would reflect poorly on Obama’s reset policy.
Furthermore, Obama did not want his implicit quid pro quo proposal to become part of the public record. Had it been public, it might have been interpreted as a message to Putin that he should empathize with Obama’s plight — and that he should interfere with the American election by behaving in a way that would empower Obama’s candidacy rather than detract from it.
In the present hysterical climate, substitute the name Trump for Obama, and we would be hearing Democratic demands for impeachment on grounds that Trump was caught secretly whispering to the Russians about compromising vital national-security issues in a quid pro quo meant to affect the outcome of the 2012 election.
 
The Architects of Russian Outreach
The Obama administration came up with a reset–soft-glove approach to Vladimir’s Russia, characterized by Secretary Hillary Clinton’s heralded pushing of the red plastic button on March 6, 2009, in Geneva. Reset was couched in overt criticism of George W. Bush, who had supposedly alienated Putin by reacting too harshly (like a typical cowboy) to Russia’s aggression in Georgia.
Over the next few years, the reset policy consisted of, among other things, backtracking on previously agreed-on missile-defense plans in Eastern Europe. In the second presidential debate of 2012, Obama portrayed Romney as being too tough on Russia, to the point of delusion:
The Obama administration invited Russia into the Middle East for the first time in nearly a half-century to help Obama back off from his own redline threats to attack Syria if evidence of WMD usage appeared. Moreover, after the Crimea and eastern Ukraine aggressions, the perception in most of the Western world was that the U.S. was not sufficiently tough with Putin, largely because of its commitment to a prior (though failed) outreach.
So what ended this one-sided reset in 2016?
The estrangement certainly did not coincide entirely with Putin’s aggressions on Russia’s borders. Nor were Democrats inordinately angry with Putin when he bombed non-al-Qaeda Syrian resistance fighters.
Rather, Democrats’ split with Putin grew from the perception that hackers had easily entered the porous e-mail account of Hillary Clinton’s campaign guru John Podesta and released his messages to WikiLeaks. This led to general embarrassment for Hillary and the Democrats — and they floated the theory that WikiLeaks and Julian Assange were taking orders from Putin or at least operating with the encouragement of the Kremlin’s intelligence services.
 
Hating Hillary?
After the WikiLeaks mess, the image of Putin was reset again, and now he was said to have ordered the hacking because he hated Hillary Clinton and indeed the Obama administration in general.
That was a bizarre indictment. If Putin were really a conniving realist, he would have much preferred Hillary in the 2016 election — given his success in manipulating the Obama-era reset.
Unlike Trump, Clinton would probably have kept the radical Obama defense cuts and perpetuated the restrictions on domestic energy development that were helping Russia. She probably would have likewise continued Obama’s therapeutic approach to foreign policy.
From Russia’s point of view, considering their strategic and economic interests, a pliable Obama 2.0 would have been far better than Trump, with his pro-oil-and-gas domestic agenda, his promised defense buildup, and his unpredictable Jacksonian promises to help friends and hurt enemies.
 
Squaring the Surveillance Circle
The entire Trump-collusion-with-Russia narrative has now descended into incoherence.
For five months, dating back to the heated final stretch of the 2016 election, mainstream media — in particular Obama-administration pet reporters at the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the BBC — ran creepy and occasionally near-obscene stories about “collusion” between the Trump campaign and the Russians. These published rumors were based on “unnamed sources” often identified generically as American intelligence officers inside the FBI, CIA, and NSA.
Soon that narrative went from ominous to hysterical — but only once Hillary inexplicably lost the election. The anonymous allegations of collusion were used to convict the Trump circle of a veritable pre-election partnership with the Russians. The collusion was to be followed, the story went, with a new reset with Putin — this time born not out of naïveté but of lucre and near treason.
We forget that the Democrats’ narratives of the purported Trump collusion also radically changed to meet changing circumstances.
Before the election, a sure and poor-loser Trump was pathetically cheating with the Russians to stop the fated winner Clinton.
Then, in the post-election shock and transition, the Russian-interference storyline was repackaged as an excuse for the poorly conducted Clinton campaign that had blown a supposedly big lead and sure victory. “The Russians did it” was preferable to blaming Hillary for not visiting Wisconsin once.
Finally, Trump’s Russian connection served as a useful tool to delegitimize an abhorrent incoming Trump administration. And the delegitimizing was made easier by Obama’s eleventh-hour order, days before his departure, to expand the list of federal officials who would have access to sensitive intelligence and surveillance transcripts.
But all such accusations of Trump-Russian complicity, based on admitted leaks from intelligence agencies, required some sort of hard evidence: leaked transcripts of Trump officials clearly outlining shared strategies with the Russians, hard proof of Russian electronic tampering in key swing states, doctored e-mails planted in the Podesta WikiLeaks trove, travel records of Trump people in clandestine meetings with Russian counterparts, or bank records showing cash payoffs.
Yet a hostile media, in collusion with intelligence-agency leakers, has so far provided no such proof. John Podesta had as much invested in Russian profiteering as did former Trump aides. Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation had as many financial dealings with pro-Russian interests as did Trump people. The ubiquitous Russian ambassador had met as many Democratic grandees as he had Trump associates
The lack so far of hard proof gradually created a boomerang effect. Attention turned away from what “unnamed sources” had alleged to the question of how unnamed sources had gathered surveillance of the Trump people in the first place — as evidenced by media reports of General Flynn’s conversations, of Trump’s private talks with foreign leaders, and of allegations of electronic contact between Russian and Trump Tower computers.
In other words, the media and their sources had gambled that congressional overseers, law enforcement, and the public would all overlook surveillance that may have been illegal or only partly legal, and they would also overlook the clearly illegal leaking of such classified information on a candidate and a president-elect — if it all resulted in a scandal of the magnitude of the Pentagon Papers or Watergate.
So far such a scandal has not emerged. But Trump’s opponents continue to push the Russian narrative not because it is believable but because it exhausts and obfuscates likely illegal surveillance and leaking.
The real scandal is probably not going to be Trump’s contacts with Russians. More likely, it will be the rogue work of a politically driven group of intelligence officers, embedded within the bureaucracy, who, either in freelancing mode, or in Henry II–Thomas Becket fashion (“Who will rid me of this meddlesome priest?”) with Obama-administration officials, began monitoring Team Trump — either directly or more likely through the excuse of inadvertently chancing upon conversations while monitoring supposedly suspicious foreign communications.
Added to this mess is the role of three unsympathetic characters who are on record as either not telling the truth, deliberately obfuscating it, or showing terrible judgement.
Obama CIA director John Brennan, who assumed that role after the still mysterious and abrupt post-election departure of David Petraeus, has a long history of political gymnastics; he has made many a necessary career readjustment to changing Washington politics. He is on record as being deceptive — he failed to reveal that the CIA intercepted Senate communications. He also stated falsely that the drone program had not resulted in a single collateral death. And, in the spirit of Obama’s new Islamic outreach, Brennan strangely suggested that jihad was a sort of personal odyssey rather than a call to use force in spreading Islamic influence. Brennan is also on record as critical of Trump: Trump “should be ashamed of himself,” Brennan said the day after the inauguration, in response to Trump’s speech to CIA staffers gathered in front of the Memorial Wall of Agency heroes.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has in the past lied to Congress, when he assured that the NSA did not monitor the communications of American citizens. Likewise, he bizarrely asserted that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was largely a secular organization. And more than 50 CENTCOM officers formally accused Clapper of distorting their reports about the Islamic State. Like Brennan, Clapper has been critical of Trump, asking, “Who benefits from a president-elect trashing the intelligence community?”
During the 2016 election, FBI Director James Comey popped up to assure the nation that while Hillary Clinton had conducted herself unethically, and probably in violation of federal statutes in using her private e-mail server for government business and wiping away correspondence, her transgressions did not rise to the level of indictable offenses. It was as if the investigator Comey, rather than the appropriate federal attorney, was adjudicating the decision to charge a suspect.
Then in the final stretch of the race, Comey resurfaced to assert that “new” evidence had led him to reconsider his exculpation of Clinton. And then, on November 6, 2016, just hours before the nation went to the polls, he appeared a third time in front of cameras to reiterate his original judgment that Hillary’s transgressions did not merit further investigation, much less criminal prosecutions. The media contextualized Comey’s schizophrenia as see-saw reactions either to liberal Obama-administration pressures or to near revolts among the more conservative FBI rank-and-file. Just as likely was Comey’s own neurotic itch to seek public attention and to position himself favorably with a likely new president.
Comey’s weird election-era prominence was also apparently fueled by the fact that Attorney General Loretta Lynch was caught in an embarrassing private meeting on the tarmac with Bill Clinton — a meeting during the investigation of his spouse. (The encounter was intended to remain secret, but a local reporter was tipped off.) That unethical encounter had tainted Lynch’s pose of disinterested adjudication, and she accordingly de facto fobbed off her prosecutorial responsibilities to Comey. Comey most lately has asked the Justice Department to refute Trump’s claims that he was subject to electronic surveillance by the government during the last days of the Obama administration.
Given the past assertions and political natures of Brennan, Clapper, and Comey, none are very credible in any future testimony they might give about the Trump-Russia narrative or the role U.S. intelligence agencies played in the possibly illegal monitoring of Trump associates. All three men are even less credible when it comes to the illegal leaking of such classified information to media outlets.
Trump’s infamous and clumsy tweet (“just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower”) may well prove to be inaccurate — literally. But it could also end up being prescient if revelations show that Obama-appointed officials or their underlings used surveillance on foreign officials — three years after the NSA got caught tapping Angela Merkel’s cellphone — in order to sweep up Trump communications and then leak them to the media to damage his candidacy and later his transition.
We are left in the end with paradoxes:
How did Obama’s naïve pro-Putin reset and Clinton-family profiteering transmogrify into wild accusations that others had become even friendlier to such an unsavory character?
How did the image of a sacrosanct media speaking the “truth” of Trump’s collusion with Putin rest on the peddling of false narratives — many of them based on likely illegal surveillance and certainly unethical and unlawful dissemination?
And if Trump was unhinged for leveling wild allegations based on mainstream news reports, why were news outlets themselves — and those who quoted them chapter and verse — not unhinged for spreading such suddenly unreliable information?
What is the explanatory sword that cuts this Gordian knot?
Trump supposedly had zero chance of winning. But when he did, facts had to adjust to a bitter actuality — at first perhaps to explain away reality, but quite soon after to alter it by any means necessary.
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals.



ARTICLE
It is a remarkable fact that Americans currently pay more for health care than they do for food. Viewed in broad historical context, this is virtually unprecedented; humans have almost always spent most of their income on sustenance. Even as recently as 1960, Americans spent 17.5 percent of their income on food and 5 percent on health care. Today, we spend 9.9 percent on food and 17.7 percent on health care:
Over the same period that food expenditures were cut nearly in half, health-care costs more than tripled. How can this be explained? Both agriculture and medicine have benefited greatly from advances in science and technology. Yet the former industry has charged Americans less and less while the latter has charged them more and more. What accounts for the brilliant success of our food-production system in making its vital products ever more widely and cheaply available at the very same time that our health-care costs spiral out of control?
The answer should be clear. Despite an assortment of mandates, regulations, subsidies, free-food and meal-ticket programs, the American food production and delivery system is still basically market-driven. Distortions noted, at the end of the day, the vast majority of food sold in America is bought at supermarkets for cash by individuals who are free to choose what they buy, and who shop for value accordingly.
This system works amazingly well. But imagine how things would go if we distributed food the way we allocate health care. Instead of going to the store and buying what we want, we would each pay a monthly food-insurance premium. Armed with such a policy (paid for by our employers out of our paychecks, whether we like it or not) we would each go to the grocery store, where a clerk would fill our cart with what he thought we needed. We would pay out-of-pocket until we hit our deductible, after which point the store would bill our insurance company for the rest.
In such a system, neither the shopper nor the store would have any interest in containing costs. This being the case, the store wouldn’t even bother to tell the shopper how much the goods cost, as it really wouldn’t be any of his business. The store’s management would have an obvious financial incentive to fill the cart to the brim, not to mention a legal spur forcing them to do so: Since they were the ones responsible for filling each customer’s cart, any failure on their part to fill it with a necessary item could easily result in a lawsuit.
For example, should they fail to include roses in your cart, they could be sued for your girlfriend’s suicide. Of course, she might be the type that prefers wildflowers, or chocolate, or theater tickets instead; how can those contingencies be dealt with? What about a failure on their part to provide you with a portable generator in advance of a power blackout, a fire extinguisher in advance of a fire, or an inflatable raft in advance of a flood? There’s no end to the possibilities of what could go wrong, so clearly, they would need grocery-malpractice insurance. The cost of this would figure into their bill to your food-insurance company, along with the cost of all the useless extra stuff they would be sure to include among your purchases to protect themselves against malpractice lawsuits launched by the army of legal bandits eagerly awaiting such opportunities. These costs would then be passed on to your employer in the form of increased grocery-insurance premiums, who would then pass them on to you by further reducing your pay.
It should be obvious that any such absurd system would lead to out-of-control grocery bills. Yet this is precisely the way we distribute health care.
In short, the problem that we face is not that there are too many people who lack health insurance, but that there are too many people who have it. If we want to get health-care costs under control, we need a system where the majority of medical expenses are paid for by informed individuals who shop for value and are free to choose what they want to buy accordingly.
So what should Congress do? The most effective action the government could take would be to simply ban health insurance and enact transparency laws forcing medical providers to clearly advertise their prices for services rendered. This would crash health-care costs overnight. Unfortunately, things are not so simple. Health-care costs differ from grocery costs in one key respect: They are unpredictable, which means that for most people catastrophic health insurance would still be warranted. What’s more, there would still be indigent Americans unable to pay for health care even at the greatly reduced rates such a system would provide. Such people, however, could be given medical stamps, analogous to food stamps, to help cover all or part of their medical bills.
The recently failed Trump-Ryan health-care bill was useless, because it simply perpetuated the current nonsensical system in slightly altered form. To truly fix health care, we would need to build a new system from scratch with two cornerstones: the free market and a safety net — the former to drive down costs, and the latter to protect the most vulnerable.
So what would the bill creating such a system look like? It would repeal Obamacare, with all of its mandates, as well as all prior incentives for employer-provided health-insurance plans. It would provide raises for federal employees, replacing their health-insurance policies with cash and encouraging state, local, and private employers to do the same. It would create a regime of enforced transparency, including published prices and hospital-cost ratings calculated by government statisticians, so that the public knew where health-care bargains were to be found. It would include regulations forbidding the uninsured from being charged more than the insured, and laws sharply limiting the maximum punitive damages obtainable from medical-malpractice lawsuits. It would include assistance to help all those meriting government support, including social security, disability, unemployment, and welfare recipients, in paying their medical bills. And it would create a universal system of catastrophic health insurance, administered either through the federal government, the states, or employers.
It may be observed that the type of system described above is comparable to the one used in Singapore, which delivers quality health care at one-third the cost of our system. The primary difference is that in Singapore, the increased salary resulting from the elimination of health insurance is reserved in health-savings accounts that each citizen uses to pay for medical expenses. While superior to our current system, such paternalism seems to me unjustified. There are times in life when saving for future health expenses is the wrong thing to do. For example, a student attempting to work his way through college would do much better directing his meager earnings toward that goal, which, once attained, would put him in a far better position to pay for his health care and all other needs later on. The state does not necessarily know what is best for each of us. Individuals should be free to choose.
The last item on the bill’s list could stick in the craw of conservatives, because a universal system of catastrophic health insurance might have to be single-payer to pass Congress with bipartisan support. But they should reflect: Such insurance would be very cheap, both because catastrophic insurance is in general cheap and because the free-market principles enshrined in the rest of the bill would drive down health-care costs across the board. Besides which, unless there is serious reform along the lines described above, the ultimate result of Obamacare’s ongoing failure will be an enormously costly single-payer health-care system of the European variety. A system combining free-market principles that dramatically reduce costs with single-payer catastrophic insurance and a safety net for those who need it would certainly be a much better outcome.
— Robert Zubrin is president of Pioneer Energy and the author of The Case for Mars: The Plan to Settle the Red Planet and Why We Must. The paperback version of his book, Merchants of Despair: Radical Environmentalists, Criminal Pseudoscientists, and the Fatal Cult of Antihumanism was recently published by Encounter Books.



ARTICLE
Charles Murray was not met with riots when he showed up to speak at NYU last Friday, as he had been at Middlebury College a few weeks before. Still, his reception hardly served as a model for campus discourse. Security was beefed up, and his hosts, a student group affiliated with the American Enterprise Institute, had to restrict access to the event. A small crowd showed up to protest Murray’s presence — and to hurl insults at attendees and the university itself.
In response to what occurred at Middlebury, the speech’s venue was moved to an underground room in NYU’s Torch Club, and tickets had to be reserved ahead of time, angering many who had hoped to gain admission in order to protest.
The protest was an unimpressive showing. Demonstrators numbered about 20 and brandished signs with such inane slogans as “No Eugenics on Campus — Fight Fascism.” They chanted about Murray but also directed opprobrium at NYU for permitting his visit. Pairing Murray’s alleged prejudice with that of the university, a chant of “How do you spell ‘classist’? N-Y-U!” rang out as I stood waiting to get through security, and many signs accused Murray of racism. Indeed, NYU’s Faculty of Color Caucus wrote a letter indicting Murray’s talk as “hate and fear under the guise of scholarship and free speech.”
The strongest condemnation of Murray focused on his supposed view of the poor as an underclass deserving of their situation. One student, Shirish Sarkar, told me: “Charles Murray is the latest in a long line of people that have been pushing this sort of eugenics-based poverty myth, where there’s a correlation between intelligence and poverty.” The Faculty of Color Caucus summarized Murray’s book Coming Apart, on which the talk was based, as “[blaming] poor whites for their own poverty.” Those of us who listened to what Murray had to say in his talk in fact heard him sharply reprove the out-of-touch elite that had smugly abandoned the working class and poor to their fate.
As Murray entered the Torch Club through a side door, flanked by security, his talk began with shouts of “Shame! Shame! Shame!” faintly echoing from above ground, outside of the restaurant. He referred to the hullabaloo only with an opening joke that it was all wasted on a talk that will make listeners think, “That’s it?”
Murray’s searing indictment of elitist disdain for middle- and working-class Americans might have surprised and confused many of those chanting protesters. This was hardly someone harboring class prejudice and defending white supremacy.
Murray grew up in a working-class family in Iowa, and as he mentioned in the talk, changes in Ivy League admissions favoring SAT scores were his ticket to Harvard. This is part of a macro-level trend that Murray has discussed in his writing: that because of IQ (a quality that is largely heritable) a cognitive elite now has the ability to attend the best universities and thereafter associate almost entirely with one another. They network, make friends with, and marry people who are in this “new upper class,” cloistering themselves off from their fellow countrymen in a way that the smartest Americans were previously unable to do. He told the crowd that this would certainly be an option for most of them: “You could do what the upper class does — go to zip codes where people are most like you. I think you would shortchange yourself.”
A true classist would hail such fragmentation as positive. Murray, however, concluded his speech with a story about a couple in the high echelons of finance who read Coming Apart and decided to move out of their elite New York enclave. They discovered happiness in a middle- and working-class Connecticut neighborhood. Murray told the audience, “Being in touch with your fellow countrymen enriches your life. Maybe, just maybe, if you choose this, you’ll love it.”
Meanwhile, students outside seemed to treat ignorance about Murray’s writing and libertarian and conservative ideas in general as a badge of honor. Signs that read, “F*** your free-speech” and “No free speech for racists” leave no room for discussion.
One woman advocated restricting Murray’s speech on the grounds that exercising free speech is how the Nazis rose to power. In fact, “Nazi” proved to be a popular word. Taking a page from Samantha Bee, another protester accused your humble correspondent of having a “Nazi haircut,” and others exiting the talk heard similar insults directed at them. A flow chart going from “Charles Murray” to “audience members must be Nazis” would be a doozy.
Unsurprisingly, the protesters were unable to pick one theme to rally around. Some said that they affirmed AEI at NYU’s right to host speakers, but they nonetheless condemned the decision to invite Murray. One group of protesters constituted a mix of those supporting and opposing free speech as a principle, and they saw no inconsistency in joining forces against Murray’s ideas. Among them, one student expressed doubt about the wisdom of blaming Hitler’s rise on “free speech”: “Campus activism should not be using language against free speech,” this protester cautioned. ”I think that is dangerous because it can quickly be used against the campus Left.”
After denouncing Murray, these students peacefully left together to attend a meeting of NYU Students for Justice in Palestine.
The wannabe revolutionaries would learn a lot from engaging Murray’s ideas. For one thing, his scholarship describes steps to combat the trend of “coming apart” that threatens society’s most vulnerable, whom the protesters claim to support. Murray would argue for a healthy marriage culture, respecting different viewpoints, and a host of other values from which these members of the NYU bubble could learn. Beyond ideology, students would have benefited from hearing Murray speak with the precision of a true intellectual and the kind and respectful demeanor of a leader.
His denunciation of classism was more clear-eyed than theirs or their authoritarian professors’. It’s a shame they didn’t get to hear it.
— Paul Crookston is a Collegiate Network Fellow at National Review.



ARTICLE
There’s stumbling out of the gate, and then there’s what Republicans just did on health care.
They came up with a substantively indefensible bill, put it on an absurd fast-track to passage, didn’t seriously try to sell it to the public, fumbled their internal negotiations over changes — and suffered a stinging defeat months after establishing unified control of government.
There has been a lot of different finger-pointing after the collapse of the bill, and almost all of it is right. This was a party-wide failure.
House Speaker Paul Ryan has — faint praise — thought more about health-care policy than almost any other elected Republican. He rose to prominence with thoughtful policy proposals buttressed by power-point presentations. This was his moment to shine as a wonk. Instead, with an eye to procedural constraints the legislation would face in the Senate, he wrote a mess of a bill that got failing grades from analysts across the political spectrum.
The operating theory wasn’t that the merits of the bill would get it over the top, but speed and sheer partisan muscle. The House wanted to pass it in three weeks, which would be a rush for a bill naming a court house. Ryan gambled that he could get his fractious caucus to rally in record time because — unlike his frustrated predecessor as speaker, John Boehner — he had a president of his own party at his back.
And none other than “the closer,” a President Trump whose calling card is his skill at deal-making. But you can’t be a closer if you don’t know anything about the product. President Trump knew the health-care bill was wonderful and beautiful and his other characteristic boosterish adjectives. Otherwise, he was at sea. He wasn’t knowledgeable enough to engage in meaningful negotiations. One of his interventions — to try to placate  House conservatives by stripping out the so-called “essential health benefits” of Obamacare — may have lost more moderates than it gained votes on the right.
For their part, Ryan and Trump are united in blaming the House Freedom Caucus, the recalcitrant group of conservatives that destroyed Boehner’s speakership and have made a good start at ruining Ryan’s. The Freedom Caucus is certainly prone to self-defeating purity, but in this case when they said the bill wouldn’t fully repeal Obamacare or do enough to reduce premiums, they were correct. The bill shed support on both the right and the left because of its underlying weakness (it’s hard to get anyone to back a bill with a 17 percent approval rating, per a Quinnipiac poll).
Perhaps most unforgivably, the White House and congressional Republicans now have decided to move on. After seven years of promising to repeal and replace Obamacare – with Trump thundering it at rallies and Republicans writing it into every campaign document — they are giving up after three lackluster weeks. Tax reform beckons. Republicans tell themselves they will get better results on taxes because it is more natural terrain for the party, a implicit concession that the GOP still — even after electing a populist president — can’t bring itself to engage on kitchen-table issues that don’t involve tax cuts.
Perhaps the initial tax legislation will start in a better place, the process will be more deliberate, and President Trump will get immersed more readily in something, the tax code, central to his business dealings. But tax reform is more popular in theory than it is in practice. It requires painful trade-offs and is vulnerable to the political critique that it favors the wealthy and corporations over working people. Already there are divisions between House and Senate Republicans over the so-called border adjustment tax that Speaker Ryan and his team favor.
If tax reform is going to pass and get signed into law, Republicans will have to perform much better than in the foreshortened health-care debate. On the bright side, they can’t perform much worse.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate



ARTICLE
If you’ve been around NR a long time, if you’ve been an institutional groupie, you probably never met Linda Bridges, or ever saw her (something I try to offset below). But: You know the name. And its importance. And that she had been an integral part of this place, and of all things Buckley, for more than 40 years, until her death Saturday night after a short battle with cancer.
There were several phases to her career here. Linda started as a Buckley-impressing student, who was then hired out of college as an editorial flunkie and soon upgraded to the right hand of Priscilla Buckley, NR’s longest-serving managing editor. Then Linda was named to the prestigious position of managing editor herself, performing that job for both Bill and John O’Sullivan, and even Rich Lowry for a while. Before the millennium ended, she pivoted, becoming a senior editor, and then, after Tony Savage died (poor, wonderful, sorely missed Tony was WFB’s typist-extraordinaire assistant), Bill turned to Linda and asked if she would be his right hand (he had two of them — could Bill have a left hand? — the other being the late Frances Bronson). Of course, she said oui, and for the last years of his life, Linda was again at his direct side, helping keep the Buckley Inc. bus hurtling down the highway.
And then Bill died. Linda was tenacious, and she still had much to offer. Highly regarded as a copy editor and proofreader (one pictures Linda sitting at her desk, hunched over galleys, perilous mountains of paper and debris towering over the scene), among other things, and with National Review Online’s content becoming voluminous, Linda returned to being an editor (knighted by Bill, in a way, who had earlier declared that her title would henceforth be editor-at-large). She edited copy for NRO, and wrote (and edited) several books, for eight years, until this past summer, when her health began to fail.
What to say about someone I have known for 36 years? In 1981, I applied for the NR summer internship (nope, I didn’t get it) and was asked to come to the fabled offices at 150 East 35th Street to interview with Priscilla. Meeting me in the lobby was Linda — wearing an out-of-season, flower-power, hippy-decaled summer dress, thick glasses, and a long ponytail. It was startling, and that first impression stuck. It came to somewhat symbolize, to me, NR in toto, which through its six decades has been defined by a cast of colorful characters, a mix of big brains and wit and exceptional writing, and personal peccadillos. Not exactly the bar scene in Star Wars. But not dull, by any stretch.
Linda was distinguished by a number of things. Above all else was her drive to serve Priscilla and Bill with true devotion, and John O’Sullivan, too.
I’ve heard from a number of NR alumni who recall her with affection and recount how she helped them become better editors. She served as the on-site authority for grammar, punctuation, and NR lore and anecdotes (“Linda, can you tell me if it is true Bill Rusher once . . . ?”). She took pride in all that. Rightly.
Among Linda’s colleagues, there were a few close pals. One was Dorothy McCartney (also resting in peace, sorely missed, I cannot think of her without tearing), who, like Linda — religious, observant, unmarried, reserved, Midtown-Manhattanite, conservative, Emily Post-ish in manners, never vulgar — was intimately involved with the many aspects and functions and demands of WFB. They had a lot to talk about, to gossip about, and did they ever! One happy and frequent image of my years here: seeing these two in the window table of an Italian restaurant a block from NR, trading notes on little and big shots (sometimes, walking by, I would make fun of their chattering till they looked up and laughed).
Linda did have an enemy of sorts: Florence King. Oh my, Florence, who believed that she always turned in work that was untouchable (she sweated every word of every column or review), was infuriated by Linda’s . . . touching. There were various accumulating incidents — one over the use of the word pudenda, another over a geographic equation in a King column of said pudenda with, as I recall, Van Diemen’s Land (Google Earth will make sense of it for you), faxed threats of quitting (by Florence), and a list of demands that included editor-defenestration. Florence made sure to share her eruptions with many people. But Bill would have none of it: He stood by Linda (as did John O’Sullivan), got Florence to back down, and got Linda to promise she would never again touch King copy. And she didn’t. (Fun fact: If you were to assume the title of Florence’s collection Stet, Damnit! was a dig at Linda, you’d be wrong — that was meant for another NR copy editor.)
The last year before Linda discovered the cancer was not an easy one for her. To see her, you would know that she was ill. She was hobbling and had lost much weight. Her friend, Alice Manning, with whom she co-owned her 72nd Street apartment, died suddenly. Then came the cancer diagnosis (it progressed and spread). By early summer, it was the beginning of the end. Those of us tasked with helping Linda through this last phase — our goal was to assure her peace and comfort as she headed toward her Lord and Savior — emptied and cleaned and prepared her unit for sale. An agent was hired and a buyer found and an offer made, but we were told that no deal would take place unless we replaced a door lock. Just the lock. Guess what it costs to replace a door lock in Manhattan? Over two thousand dollars. Well . . . the late and aforementioned Miss King had left Yours Truly a little cash in her will. I decided to use it to pay for Linda’s lock. I’ll get reimbursed someday, somehow, but I am thrilled about this one degree of separation, that it was Florence’s cash that helped Linda. And isn’t that what we want? That they are both in His arms, and have mended fences, and have let pudenda bygones be bygones?
I have to say, Linda could take a Marciano-level punch. Given her status, she was a regular at the fortnightly editorial dinners at Bill’s 73rd Street apartment. One evening, she seemed to get under the skin of Pat Buckley, the hostess, and said something (I forget what) that torqued NR’s First Lady. As only she could, Pat fired an immediate broadside that thundered across the table at Linda. Direct hit. It would have left anyone else wounded, on the floor, hearing the ref count to ten. But Linda acted as if she hadn’t heard it (you knew she had) and carried on. No rejoinders or harrumphs. When it came to her being beside Bill, Linda was the Immovable Object. It’s fair to say from then on, I held Linda in a little awe.
How do you say someone is different without implying weird? I’m not implying that. But Linda was — different. She was a unique individual, with a keen intellect and a deep and abiding love for NR (and language, and baseball), and a gratitude to God (she was a believer and a deeply involved member of her parish, the Episcopal Anglo-Catholic Church of Blessed Mary the Virgin). There was an air of another time, another place, another era, to Linda.
So what? We are blessed by the fact that she worked alongside us in this time, this place, this era. If this thing that is NR were a play, she’d have had a goodly part. And she’d deserve curtain calls. There is no question that Linda Bridges was a vital part of NR, of making it — and all its profound consequences — very real. Maybe it was all meant to be: I cannot picture Linda functioning in an environment that wasn’t like NR’s (accommodating the unorthodox), indeed, in a place that wasn’t NR.
Her final collegial act: Last year, just before all went amiss, there was a small office pizza lunch for some of the interns and staff, a getting-to-know-you thing. Something more for the young ones. But into the conference room came Linda, hobbling but smiling, and she joined in all the merriment, and helped make it so. Like the many days before it, that day too she was still very much part of NR. And until these doors shut, pray God never, she always will be.
Now all that said, I encourage anyone who has read this far to check out these public appearances by Linda. In this 2007 C-Span video, Linda discusses her book, co-authored with John Coyne, Strictly Right: William F. Buckley Jr. and the American Conservative Movement.
And here’s Linda in a 2010 C-Span video with Roger Kimball, with whom she co-edited Athwart History: Half a Century of Polemics, Animadversions, and Illuminations: A William F. Buckley Jr. Omnibus. It was a great achievement, and who can resist a book whose title has not one but two colons?!
Enough. Linda, you’ve done a lot and have been through a lot. Now rest in peace, sweet sweet peace. You’ve earned it, and deserve it, and, I expect, are relishing it.
— Jack Fowler is the vice president and former publisher of National Review.



ARTICLE
Mother Angelica, the founder of a world-ranging media operation, EWTN, has been dead for a year. But she’s still changing lives. Her biographer, Raymond Arroyo, can testify to it — as he witnesses to it with his own life.
Mother Angelica, who died last year on Easter, which was March 27, was the founder of a cloistered community of women and a trailblazing nun who had no business starting a television network in Birmingham, Ala., save for being convinced that God was telling her to. A native Ohioan, she had a tug on her heart to go south and do prayerfully urgent work for racial healing.
Today, the cable network she started still plays archives of her “live” show, which, whenever I catch it, is as relevant as it ever was. When I Google it, the first episode that pops up is one in which she’s talking about the lack of hope seemingly everywhere — in the world, in the home, in the workplace. Tell people they’re beautiful, she says. Because we so often don’t know. Don’t knock people down, give them hope. People need it — not false hope but trust in the love with which we were created.
Shortly after she died, Arroyo’s Mother Angelica Her Grand Silence: The Last Years and Living Legacy was published. He had previously written her biography, Mother Angelica: The Remarkable Story of a Nun, Her Nerve, and a Network of Miracles, in 2005. But the media network was not her whole life. And while strokes had her confined to a convent bed for the better part of a decade, these hidden years may have been her most powerful.
During those “silent years” — between 2004 and 2016 — Arroyo received “literally thousands of letters from people all over the world.” As he read them, he became convinced he had to convey these stories about the impact she was still having:
He attributes the fruits of her life — and death — to the richness of the contemplative life. That’s “the hidden gift of contemplatives,” he says, the seed and salt of “the mystery and beauty” of Mother Angelica’s life, one filled with graces and flourishes and successes unexplainable without reference to and orientation toward a Creator. “We don’t think about contemplatives, but this is their power, this is their work in action.”
Talking contemplation can seem ridiculous in our busy world, but it’s the stuff of creativity, a crucial ingredient of a thriving society. And so, too, the fruits are evident in Arroyo’s life. Host of EWTN’s news program The World Over — which turned 20 years old in September — he’s very much on top of politics and the culture. A husband and father, he also slaved away, during those Mother Angelica silent years, in a labor of love, burning the modern-day equivalent of midnight oil to create a character named Will Wilder in a town called Perilous Falls for a best-selling children’s book series. The Lost Staff of Wonders, the second Will Wilder adventure, was just released and has him traveling to schools and bookstores throughout the country. While giving away books to children who might not otherwise be reading, he introduces many young ones to the excitement and privilege of reading. Check Twitter (@RaymondArroyo) for some windows into the joy that an encounter with Will Wilder can bring.
Some of the expressions of joy he sees are lights for a future of hope as boys and girls journey to this fictional world full of history and culture and faith and family, their hearts and minds expanding. Against the backdrop of a contemporary culture that so often offers only overwhelming despair and a seemingly inescapable sense of overload, Will Wilder offers hope; he helps with thinking and dreaming, community and adventure.
As Arroyo talks with me about the correlation between illiteracy and incarceration rates, and the free copies of Will Wilder that Random House has been giving way in some poor school districts, and some of the segregation he sees in these areas, I can’t help but think of what brought Mother Angelica to Birmingham in the first place. (The principal of St. Stephen’s School in New Orleans has testified that boys she’d never seen with books before can’t get enough of Will Wilder.) Her legacy continues in a healing of individual and cultural imaginations. Her work continues. Mother Angelica was a success in the world in the most unlikely ways. So it is when a soul is dedicated to the work of hope and eternity.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. This column is based on one available through Andrews McMeel Universal’s Newspaper Enterprise Association.



ARTICLE
In light of how controversial the matter has become, it’s unfortunate to find so much uninformed commentary, especially in cable-TV land, about foreign intelligence collection and its so-called minimization protocols — particularly, the guidelines about revealing, or “unmasking,” the identities of Americans whose communications are “incidentally” intercepted.
The question arises because of reporting — most recently, the coverage of disclosures last week by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes — that the communications of figures associated with the Trump campaign were intercepted “incidentally” by U.S. intelligence agencies because they had some interaction with people connected in some way to foreign powers, principally Russia. The Trump associates subjected to such intelligence-agency monitoring certainly include former national-security adviser Michael Flynn, who was intercepted when speaking with Russia’s ambassador to the United States. In addition, the intercepted individuals probably include at least three others: Paul Manafort, who ran the Trump campaign until being ousted in July (when reports surfaced of payments to him by the former government of Ukraine — a Putin puppet regime); and two others, Roger Stone and Carter Page, who had informal connections to the campaign (but longstanding ties of varying degree to Trump and Manafort).
Nunes’s disclosures further suggest that the communications of others associated with Trump’s campaign (perhaps even Trump himself) were also intercepted. During the press conference, a reporter asked, Nunes, “Was the president [i.e., Trump] included in that incidental collection — his communication?” Nunes responded, “Yes.” Based on the little that has been reported, the interception and handling of these communications seems more disturbing because, according to Nunes, they have nothing to do with any known government intelligence investigations of Russia. Unless there is some legitimate connection to foreign activities, the specter of political spying hovers.
The reported intelligence collection efforts raise four separate questions that are too often conflated in the commentary:
1) Should the communications of Trump associates (all of whom are U.S. citizens, so far as we know) have been intercepted in the first place?
2) Regardless of whether the interception was proper, should the identities of the American citizens have been “masked” in order to protect them from, among other things, being smeared as subjects of government investigations?
3) Regardless of whether masking was called for, should the fact that the American citizens’ communications had been collected and reviewed in connection with investigations — presumably, intelligence investigations, not criminal probes — have been disclosed throughout the “community” of U.S. intelligence agencies?
4) Should that fact have been publicly disclosed, including in leaks to the media? (Spoiler alert: As my use of “leaks” indicates, public disclosure is a major no-no. In fact, it’s a felony no-no.)
Let’s deal with the easy stuff first. There is nothing wrong with incidentally intercepting the communications of American citizens in the course of legitimate foreign intelligence collection. To analogize to routine law-enforcement activity, when police do physical surveillance on a suspect (i.e., when they follow a suspect around), or if they tap the suspect’s phone pursuant to a court order, they will necessarily observe the activities of innocent (and not so innocent) Americans. They cannot be expected to close their eyes to those activities; such observations are not only legal, they are necessary to understand the context of the suspect’s behavior. Indeed, one of the objectives of a wiretap in a criminal investigation is to identify unseen members of a conspiracy.
Thus, as long as there was a valid intelligence purpose for targeting the foreign subjects with whom Trump associates interacted, the interception of the associates’ communications would have been entirely proper.
Of course, any legitimate government power can be abused. If the government’s real objective was to intercept the communications not of the foreigners but of the Trump associates, such that the agencies’ “targeting” of the foreigners was merely a pretext (i.e., they were monitored only because they were in contact with Trump associates, who were the real targets), it could hardly be said that the associates’ communications were intercepted “incidentally.”
Nevertheless, while such a practice might be deemed abusive, it would not be illegal — the government has nearly limitless latitude to spy on foreigners outside the U.S., and on agents of foreign powers inside the U.S. If the collection is permissible, it does not become impermissible just because the agents realize it is apt to capture the communications of Americans about whom the government is suspicious. Clearly, if the foreign intelligence “target” was really of little or no intelligence interest to the U.S. — if the only real purpose of the collection was to “incidentally” seize the communications of Americans — that would be very abusive. And if such a thing were done to obtain a political advantage because the Americans in question were the opposition party, it would be an impeachable abuse of power. But it would not necessarily be illegal.
The same is true of the question about whether the identities of intercepted Americans should have been “masked” for their protection. As I’ve tried to explain (here and here), unmasking is usually not a violation, because it is a judgment call for which the intelligence agencies have broad discretion.
To go back to our law-enforcement example above, the legitimate objective of investigating a suspect is to understand what he is up to. That’s often impossible without understanding whom he is speaking with, and why. If it’s a money laundering investigation, the agents might not need to know the name of the pizza baker he calls when it’s time to order lunch, but they obviously want the identity of the bank manager he calls to arrange a deposit. In foreign-intelligence collection, it obviously matters whether the American to whom the foreign target is speaking is the pizza man or, say, the chairman of a presidential campaign — or the national-security adviser of an incoming administration.
There is a great deal of gray area between the pizza guy and the American whose identity is manifestly relevant. Thus, the intelligence agency that collects the communication in question has wide discretion to decide whether the intelligence community should know the identity of the intercepted American in order to competently analyze the intelligence.
This is to say that when it comes to the scrutinizing of Americans incidentally caught up in foreign-intelligence collection — i.e., the interception of their communications, the masking of their identities, the dissemination of their communications to a wide array of government agencies — the question is usually not whether there has been illegality. It is whether political power has been abused.
 
Legal Wrongs versus Political Wrongs
I have been addressing for years this confusion of legal versus political wrongs. It is a confusion I became intimately familiar with as a prosecutor working on national-security cases that arguably should not have been treated as law-enforcement matters.
For the most part, intelligence collection involving foreign threats to national security is a political issue, not a legal one. Here, we are talking about “political” not in the pejorative sense of partisan gamesmanship. We mean “political” in the sense of a power that is properly exercised and overseen by the political branches of government, largely outside judicial review. After all, when U.S. intelligence agencies collect intelligence overseas, they are generally acting outside the jurisdiction of American courts, in connection with aliens who have no claim on American legal protections.
Until 1978, when Congress enacted the constitutionally dubious Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), there was no judicial role in this area. And for all the attention we have paid to it for the last dozen years, FISA addressed only a small slice of foreign-intelligence collection: It was designed as a modest layer of due-process protection for people inside the United States, especially Americans, who were suspected of acting as agents of a foreign power. Despite FISA, the lion’s share of the foreign intelligence mission — namely, the collection of intelligence about people (including Americans) who are outside the United States — was still beyond the domain of the judiciary. It remained the constitutional responsibility of the president, with potential abuses left to Congress, not the courts, to rein in.
FISA was designed for the bygone world that existed before the telecommunications revolution. Nowadays, technological advances in communications networks have made national boundaries irrelevant. Government agencies can effortlessly access millions of communications. Foreign-to-foreign communications may pass through American networks. American communications are routinely captured even though foreign communications are targeted.
This telecom revolution has had the unforeseen consequence of pushing more communications into FISA’s net. This has been controversial: Sensible people do not want FISA’s due-process protections extended to aliens outside the U.S.; but neither do lawmakers want to be seen as reducing the protections afforded to Americans. So there has been a policy compromise: A much bigger slice of foreign-intelligence collection has nominally been brought under the authority of the FISA court. In reality, however, the FISA court rubber-stamps the collection and relies on executive-branch agencies to carry it out, analyze it, and decide (based on “minimization” instructions crafted by the executive branch) what incidentally collected American information may be scrutinized and what American identities should be concealed.
That is, the enactment and subsequent expansions of FISA’s judicial process have not changed the nature of foreign intelligence gathering. It is still a political national-security function beyond the institutional competence of courts; it is not really a judicial proceeding, however much sweeping FISA court orders might make it look like one.
Thus, minimization protocols — protections that are afforded to Americans whose communications are incidentally swept up during foreign-intelligence collection — are very executive-friendly. Those who are claiming that it was illegal for the Obama administration to “incidentally” intercept the communications of Trump associates, and to unmask the identities of those associates for intelligence-analysis purposes, are almost certainly wrong. If there was any plausible foreign-intelligence purpose behind the collection of these communications — and certainly any activities of Russia that might have an impact on U.S interests would justify an intelligence investigation — the seizure and unmasked analysis of the communications would be lawful.
The same is true of the wide dissemination through the intelligence community of unmasked communications. Again, this is a realm of political judgment, not law: the question of who has a need to know particular intelligence information. That is a judgment our system leaves to the president and the top intelligence officials. So if it was lawful for the executive branch to collect the information in the first place, it is lawful to spread the information to any intelligence agent who might assist in its full understanding and exploitation.
Here, however, is the crux of the matter: To claim that something is technically legal is not to say that it is appropriate. Another analogy from law enforcement: Under federal law, any distribution of illegal narcotics is punishable by up to 20 years’ imprisonment. But a judge who sentenced a man to 20 years in jail for merely passing a marijuana joint to the person next to him would be grossly abusing his power. Such a judge should be impeached — the fact that the sentence is technically legal is beside the point.
There is a salient difference between technical legality and political propriety. The Obama administration intelligence community’s monitoring of Trump associates during the presidential campaign may well have been technically legal. But whether it was an abuse of power hinges on whether the investigation(s) that rationalized the monitoring were legitimate. Was there a serious Russian effort to subvert U.S. interests, possibly including the integrity of our electoral process? Were there suspect dealings between Trump campaign officials and Putin operatives? Or was Russia just a pretext to spy on the campaign of the opposition party? Did the Obama administration spread intelligence information to people who did not have a need to know it — including White House officials — in order to facilitate its unauthorized disclosure?
 
Treatment of Trump versus Treatment of Clinton
Another highly relevant question: Were the government’s agencies evenhanded in their approach to the two presidential campaigns? We now know that there were extensive, potentially corrupt financial dealings between the Clinton Foundation and foreign governments, including Russia. We know that there were business dealings between Clinton campaign chairman (and former top Obama White House official) John Podesta and entities connected to the Putin regime. We know, moreover, that, at the same time that they appear to have been aggressively investigating Trump associates, the FBI and Justice Department bent over backwards to avoid charging Hillary Clinton with felony mishandling of classified information, among other potential crimes.
So the question is not just whether Trump associates were properly investigated. It is whether the same investigative standards were applied to the Trump campaign and the Clinton campaign.
Patently, there have been crimes committed in this controversy. Whatever the intelligence community learned through incidental foreign-intelligence collection about Trump’s associates and campaign officials was surely classified information. Leaking that information to the media is a serious federal felony. It ought to be investigated aggressively, including by using the grand jury to question under oath the officials who had access to the information and, if necessary, the journalists who published it. Any leakers identified should be prosecuted.
The leaks, however, may be the only actual violations of criminal law.
Still, let’s not confuse a dearth of criminal wrongs with a dearth of misconduct. It is possible that the investigation of Trump officials was a massive abuse of power. It is also possible that the investigation was triggered by good-faith concerns about Putin-regime perfidy, and that the connections of Trump associates to Russian interests are scandalous even if they are not illegal, and even if the Left’s “Russia hacked the election” narrative is a red herring. It is critical for Congress to get to the bottom of these questions, regardless of whether, technically, crimes were committed.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is as senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
Years ago, the Senior Tour was described as “life’s mulligan.” I’m talking about golf. A mulligan, of course, is a do-over — an extra shot.
When it comes to health-care reform, I hope the Republicans will take a mulligan. And I hope they will hit the ball straight and true.
Something as mighty as health-care reform — the repeal and replacement of Obamacare — takes persuasion. You have to go out and tell people why your plan is better for them. You have to campaign for it. Convince.
My impression is that Republican players thought, “We have the White House and both chambers of Congress. We can just go ahead and do it.” But no.
Especially helpful would be presidential leadership. It takes the president to go out and say, “Here’s why our way is the better way.” It’s not enough to say, “Our plan is great! Terrific! You’re gonna love it! Trust me!” The public needs more, especially when it comes to something so important and sensitive as health care.
Did President Trump understand the plan well enough to explain it, defend it, and campaign for it?
FDR had his fireside chats. Reagan had his constant TV addresses and radio talks, in which he explained what he was trying to do. He brought people along with him.
And that included congressmen, who are always attuned to the thoughts, moods, and desires of their districts.
Americans may not like Obamacare, but they would probably rather have the devil they know than something they don’t know. You’ve got to talk to people. This is elementary. This is politics.
Let me quote from an Associated Press report. And “Priebus,” as you know, is Reince Priebus, President Trump’s chief of staff.
The U.S. government is not the mafia. Congressmen are their own men, their own women, elected in their own right, responsible for the carrying out of their offices.
You remember how we mocked Nancy Pelosi for saying, “We have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it.” (Actually, we always leave off the last words of her sentence. That sentence went, “We have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it away from the fog of the controversy.”) Well, a GOP congressman, Chris Collins of New York, had a similar statement.
“There’s a lot of misunderstanding about what it is we’re doing and once we get it done and then we can have the chance to really explain it.”
It’s hard to be in public life, and talk constantly, on the record, and have everything come out just right. I think we tend to be indulgent of our own side’s mistakes and infelicities — and go to town on the other side’s.
After the debacle on the Hill, President Trump tweeted, “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!”
I don’t really trust politicians who talk about “the people” — and especially “THE PEOPLE.” What outrages and horrors have occurred in the name of the people! In fact, that’s Marine Le Pen’s slogan in France: “Au nom du peuple,” “In the name of the people.”
They hollered about “the people” in 1789, 1917 … Think of “people’s republics,” and “people’s commissars,” and “the people’s court.”
Oh, sorry, that was Wapner …
I wish to quote a paragraph about Neil Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee. It comes from this report.
That’s a curious sentence: “No one is looking to return us to horse-and-buggy days.” Is he talking about the days pre-Roe?
You hear a lot about “fake news,” especially from President Trump, his staff, and his fans. If you don’t like something you hear, it’s “fake news.” If you’re Trump and you’re tweeting, it’s “FAKE NEWS.”
Well, how about the claim that Democrats, led by Hillary Clinton and John Podesta, were operating a child-rape ring out of a D.C. pizzeria? Does that qualify as fake news, even FAKE NEWS?
When word of this child-rape hell spread, a man from North Carolina took his rifle, went to D.C., and shot up the pizzeria (though fortunately not killing anyone).
It can be serious business, fake news.
The Infowars guy — a fanner of this fake news — has now apologized. To read a news story, go here.
During the campaign, Trump gave an interview to the Infowars guy, Alex Jones. It was set up by Trump’s friend and adviser Roger Stone. (We know this because Trump said so on the air.)
At the end of the interview, the president-to-be said the following to Jones: “I just want to finish by saying that your reputation’s amazing. I will not let you down. You will be very, very impressed, I hope, and I think we’ll be speaking a lot.”
In New York, there is a Havana Film Festival. It is devoted to Latin American cinema. They also have a competition, in which a film by Carlos Lechuga was entered. The film is called “Santa y Andrés,” and it has to do with the treatment of homosexuals in Communist Cuba.
The Castro regime doesn’t like the film. Neither does the film festival, apparently — for they have yanked Santa y Andrés from the competition. (For a news story, go here.)
Typical. So typical.
Daniel Hannan wrote a column about UKIP and his friend Douglas Carswell, who had been UKIP’s only MP.
Let me back up a bit — and if you know all this, forgive me: Dan Hannan is a British writer and politician, a member of the European Parliament. He is a Conservative (a member of Britain’s Conservative party). UKIP is the U.K. Independence Party. Carswell was its sole Member of Parliament — its only representative at Westminster.
In 2014, he left the Conservative party to join UKIP. He has now left UKIP to be an independent.
I wanted to highlight a passage in Hannan’s column, which I thought especially nice. (The whole column has the Hannanesque beauty and insight.) He praises Carswell and then writes,
You want to read a wonderful story? It’s about a girl golfer in Nepal.
Pardon the phrase “girl golfer.” I like the alliteration, I like the phrase, and I like her.
She was born in a shed by the fourth tee. She still lives there, with her parents. And she dreams of going pro.
Wonderful and unusual stuff.
Oh, the link: here.
Would love to peg it up with her someday, right there in Kathmandu (or anywhere).
My colleague Linda Bridges passed on over the weekend. Jack Fowler’s post included an obituary written by Linda’s cousin. I want to tell you a story. And forgive me if I’m vague.
I once saw Linda in a tough situation. She could not answer back, when any of us would have loved to answer back. She was the image of poise. Of self-control. Even of good cheer.
Afterward, I told her how impressed I was — even awed. I could not have been more impressed if she had scaled Mount Everest — hey, weren’t we just talking of Nepal? — or swum the English Channel.
Also, she set an example for the rest of us.
I will never forget her conduct. Or the lady herself. She had so much to offer, with her intelligence, versatility, and graciousness. I’m grateful to have known her.
And I’ll see you later.
 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
The death of the American Health Care Act has been greatly exaggerated — not because it is likely to be revived (at least in its current form) but because it might never have really been alive in the first place.
Many of the provisions of the bill were unlikely to survive contact with the Senate, and there was a very strong chance that the bill that was released from a House–Senate conference would radically differ from the AHCA. Perhaps realizing the limits of the AHCA, some defenders of the AHCA supported the measure principally as a way of getting to conference. However, there is no reason to believe that the tensions that pulled down the AHCA on Friday would not similarly undo the resulting House–Senate conference bill. Some Republicans would still be upset that the conference bill was not a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and moderates (along with some populists) would be pulled into a tug-of-war with budget-cutters over the size of Medicaid cuts.
Matthew Continetti has observed that the American Health Care Act allowed procedure to dictate policy. Because the bill was designed to be passed through reconciliation, it focused on the government financing of health care. When at the eleventh hour Utah senator Mike Lee suggested that the Senate parliamentarian might allow certain regulations to be changed, regulatory changes were quickly added to the bill. But that was all too late and too fast. Moreover, the fact that the AHCA was essentially a tax- and entitlement-reform bill caused it to accentuate tensions between populists and other factions of the GOP.
There is no inherent reason, though, why the main Republican effort at health-care reform has to be done through reconciliation. In fact, there are some ways in which trying to pass health-care reform through reconciliation is worse in terms of policy and political outcomes. A reconciliation-centric strategy nearly guarantees that the GOP health-care effort will be passed on a party-line vote, which means that Republicans will own all the warts of the resulting health-care system. Moreover, because reconciliation is mostly limited to finance-related pieces of legislation, the reconciliation process gives Republicans less room to promote an expansive reform effort, which would allow for more far-reaching reforms to the medical system. The fact that a reconciliation-oriented bill does not include these important reforms makes it more likely that there will be more policy warts for Republicans to be the lucky owners of. The policy limitations of a reconciliation effort compound the political dangers.
Republicans do not need to return to health-care reform immediately. There are many other issues, from infrastructure to immigration, that would more closely align with the animating issues of the Trump campaign and where important reforms are needed. However, there could be a political risk in not making some attempt at health-care reform. Republicans have had significant electoral victories over the past few cycles in part because of public frustration with the many shortcomings of the Affordable Care Act, and the U.S. medical system is in need of reform. If Republicans do return to health care, they could simply seek an outright repeal of the Affordable Care Act. They could also try to pass a slightly different bill through reconciliation or offer a more comprehensive health-care bill that does not need to go through reconciliation. Or they could use some combination of these strategies. But whatever approach they take, Republicans might be wise to develop an affirmative vision for health-care policy.
Pascal-Emmanuel Gobry has argued that conservatives should do the following policy two-step: “Slash regulations. And then subsidize health care.” There’s a certain logic to this process. It would allow Republicans to focus on health-care efforts that might be more popular (market-oriented reforms) while avoiding parts that might be more divisive (such as cutting Medicaid for the poor and working class). Rather than “repeal and replace,” it could instead be called “reform and retain.” Medical regulations could be reformed (including many of the new regulations in the ACA), but many subsidies for low-income Americans would be retained. Reform and retain might end up repealing many elements of the ACA, but the focus would be on improving the American health-care system — not simply eliminating the ACA. (Of course, the Affordable Care Act has inflicted damage on the health-care system, and any effort at reform would have to confront those injuries.)
A way of promoting reform and retain might be to design a moderate health-care bill that prioritizes reforming the insurance system (by expanding insurance options, for instance) and the medical-delivery system. It might include allowing insurance to be sold across state lines, increasing the number of medical residencies, or devising mechanisms to encourage more-diverse forms of licensing. This measure might include some tax incentives to help purchase medical insurance, and it might repeal or revise certain taxes (such as the medical-device tax). But the main goal would be to promote policies that would make the medical industry more competitive, more nimble, and more responsive to consumers. Over the long term, these efforts would hopefully reduce the cost of medical care.
Along with these reforms, many health-care subsidies for the poor and working class might be retained, though the precise financing mechanisms might be changed. A health-care bill that keeps subsidies in place would certainly not please everyone in the Republican coalition. Members of the House Freedom Caucus might be upset about the continued government spending on Medicaid, and market-oriented reforms might irritate some corporate lobbyists. But this approach would have the advantage of advancing the principles of innovation while protecting Republicans from accusations that they are indifferent to the poor. Members of the Freedom Caucus might accept a bill that continues some government subsidies while also reforming the health-care system in order to reduce the demand for even more subsidies.
Moreover, a reform-and-retain bill could put some Democrats in a tough spot. It would make the political battle not about how much to cut Medicaid but instead about how much to expand the diversity of insurance products and medical-delivery institutions. Austerity politics are often a loser in American life, but market-oriented reforms have a stronger track record.
Senate Democrats might intend to use the filibuster to block any significant piece of legislation, hoping that political paralysis will replenish their congressional majorities in 2018. But that strategy runs into trouble if Republicans offer moderate measures with broadly popular policy centerpieces. Then, Democrats risk looking out of touch and partisan. That risk for Democrats is especially great on health care: Republicans can say that they are trying to remedy the defects of the Affordable Care Act but Democrats are blocking these middle-of-the-road reforms.
A swing-state Democratic senator like Bob Casey (Pa.) could fairly easily justify voting against a Republican health-care-reform bill that cuts Medicaid. He’d have a much harder time opposing a bill that keeps Medicaid subsidies in place, offers some tweaks to the financing of health care, and makes significant reforms to the health-care market. Swing-state Democrats may decide that going along with these centrist, market-oriented reforms would be politically safer than trying to block them. And if Democrats do block that kind of reform, Republicans could use that to hammer then in the 2018 midterms. For conservatives, good policy and good political outcomes could follow.
Beltway hysterics to the contrary, the failure of the American Health Care Act on Friday was not an extinction-level event for Republicans; in fact, the grave political risks associated with passing the AHCA helped deny it a majority in the House. Still, this failure might teach Republicans that more work still has to be done in developing conservative policies that address current problems and that can win popular support.
— Fred Bauer is a writer from New England. He blogs at A Certain Enthusiasm.



ARTICLE
It was a careful choice of words, Bernard Lewis being nothing if not careful. In 2004, the West audibly gasped when its preeminent scholar of Islam famously told the German newspaper Die Welt,“Europe will be Islamic by the end of the century,” if not sooner.
Listen carefully. He did not say that Muslims will be the majority population in what is still recognizably Europe. No, Professor Lewis said “Europe will be Islamic.”
We are not talking about Muslims here. We are talking about Islam. Lots of individual Muslims desire peaceful coexistence, even assimilation. But Islam’s aim is to prevail. So, yet again this week, Lewis’s foreboding has been brought to the fore by a jihadist mass-murder attack, this time in London.
As we go to press, five innocent people are dead after Khalid Masood, a terrorist acting on unambiguous scriptural commands to war against non-Muslims, rammed his rental Hyundai SUV into dozens of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, many of them tourists taking in the iconic views of Parliament. About 50 people suffered injuries, some of them grave, so the death toll may yet rise.
Masood, a burly 52-year-old weightlifter with a long criminal record that included vicious stabbings, then crashed the car through the gate at Westminster Palace, home of the West’s most venerable democratic legislature. He alighted brandishing two long knives, which he used to kill Keith Palmer, a police officer who, pursuant to British policy, was unarmed despite being assigned to provide security at one of the world’s foremost terror targets. Masood was finally shot dead by a protection officer attached to England’s defense minister.
There immediately began the ritual media pondering over Masood’s motive. Yes, what could it possibly have been?
I’m going to stick with the patently obvious.
Masood was born as Adrian Russell Ajao on Christmas Day, 1964, in Kent county, just outside London. His 17-year-old single mother remarried two years later, and he was known as Adrian Elms (his stepfather’s surname) until converting to Islam when he was about 40. Prior to that point, while fathering three children with his wife, he had several arrests, some for violent attacks. During at least one of the resulting stints in prison, like many inmates, he began indoctrination into Islam.
Between 2004 and 2005 came the critical transition: the formal conversion, marriage to a Muslim woman, and relocation to Saudi Arabia (you know, be our “ally” against terrorism). For five years, Masood was immersed in the kingdom’s Wahhabism — fundamentalist Islam rooted in scriptural literalism. He became an English language-teacher working for the Saudi government.
Masood returned to England from Jeddah about seven years ago. By the time of Wednesday’s attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become “no-go zones” for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police.
There is diversity in Islam, including millions of Muslims who adhere only to its spiritual elements or see themselves as more culturally than doctrinally Islamic. But when we speak of Islam, as opposed to Muslims, we are not speaking about a mere religious belief system. We are talking about a competing civilization — that is very much how Islam self-identifies. It has its own history, principles, values, mores, and legal system.
Islam, thus understood, is not non-Western. It is anti-Western.
Like the conversion of Masood, the conversion of Birmingham has been a function of this defining Islamic attribute. Individual Muslims may assimilate, but Islam doesn’t do assimilation. Islam does not melt into your melting pot. Islam, as Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna proclaimed, is content with nothing less than political, cultural, and civilizational dominance.
As Soeren Kern relates in a comprehensive Gatestone Institute report on Islam in Britain, the metamorphosis of Birmingham, along with several other U.K. population centers, signifies this resistance. When the Islamic presence in a Western community reaches a critical mass, Islam’s hostility to Western mores and demands for sharia governance result in non-Muslim flight. Marriages between Muslims resident in the Western community and Muslims overseas tend to result in childbirth rates and household growth that dwarfs that of the indigenous population. Arranged, intra-familial, and polygamous marriages, endorsed by Islamic mores, drastically alter the fabric of communities in short order. Birmingham, in particular, has been ground zero of “Operation Trojan Horse,” a sharia-supremacist scheme to Islamize the public schools.
Kern repeats an account of life in “inner-city Birmingham” by the wife of a British clergyman, first published by Standpoint in 2011. She explained how the neighborhood in which she’d lived for four years had become a “police no-go zone,” in which the large number of newly arrived Somali immigrants now approached that of Pakistanis already resident. Then she recalled her husband’s encounter with an immigrant who had just arrived from Belgium — on an EU passport, like an increasing number of Muslims these days. The migrant was surprised when the clergyman asked why he had chosen to move into their neighborhood. Finally, he replied, “Everybody knows. Birmingham—best place in Europe to be pure Muslim.”
The memory moved the clergyman’s wife to a salient insight:
It is in that milieu that Khalid Masood made his decision, rented an SUV, and drove to Westminster Bridge.
Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks “in place” — i.e., against the Western societies where they live. Western leaders have been content to accept these claims, at least as inspirational, if not operational. It is easier to indulge the fiction that ISIS catalyzes jihadism then to ask what catalyzed ISIS.
But the remorseless fact is that before ISIS and al-Qaeda and the Khomeini revolution and Hezbollah and the Blind Sheikh and the Brotherhood and Khalid Masood, there was the single thing that unites them all. There was Islam.
Western political and opinion elites remain willfully blind to this. They cannot help but project onto Islamic beliefs and practices their own progressive pieties — which take seriously neither religion nor the notion that there is any civilization but their own.
In their minds, and therefore ingrained in the media’s coverage, is the notion that a Muslim community is just like any other community. Same with the mosque — it is just a “house of worship,” no different from a church, a safe harbor from worldly concerns and hostilities. Islam, however, does not separate mosque from state; the mosque is every bit as much a center for sharia indoctrination, assimilation resistance, and anti-Western politics as it is a prayer venue. That is why al-Banna regarded the mosque and the Islamic community center commonly attached to it as the “axis” of the “movement” in every community where Islam takes hold.
The movement does not want cohabitation. It wants conquest. It starts with assimilation-resistant enclaves that nurture sharia supremacism today and thereby breed the jihadists of tomorrow. This week, it took the campaign to Westminster Bridge.
— Andrew C. McCarthy is as senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
What is a conservative? Hard to say these days, especially when discussing politics. But the mission of a cultural conservative endures: to save the best that has been thought, said, written, composed, photographed. And made into motion pictures.
By this measure Robert Osborne, who died this month at the age of 84, was an eminent conservative indeed. For more than 20 years he appeared daily on Turner Classic Movies (TCM), introducing titles from the past. Osborne was an excellent host. Approachable, knowledgeable, comfortable, he would recount how the great films had been produced and distributed and received. He would draw connections between the stars, delivering old gossip as if he were disclosing secrets of which he had just been made aware. And since he seemed personally to know the Hollywood greats under discussion — in many cases they were or had been his friends — to watch Robert Osborne was to enter into, however briefly, the rarefied and glamorous circles of the movies.
Born in Colfax, Wash., Osborne became fascinated, obsessed even, with the history of Hollywood. In the 1940s this was a difficult vice in which to indulge: no television, no home video or DVD or Blu-Ray, no Internet. Revivals and art houses were rare. When he went to college, Osborne’s solution was to spend hours in the University of Washington library, researching back issues of the New York Times. He kept a notebook in which were listed the titles, stars, and credits of the movies playing at each of New York’s theaters for more than 20 years. He was a sort of filmic Michael Barone, an encyclopedia of detail regarding long forgotten actors and actresses, writers and directors.
What to do with this knowledge? Osborne studied journalism, but after his stint in the Air Force he became an actor. During a stage production in Washington he met Jane Darwell, who had played Ma Joad in John Ford’s Grapes of Wrath. She encouraged him to move to Los Angeles, where he did work in commercials and television, looking the part of the all-American. He auditioned for Lucille Ball, who was organizing a team of in-house players. Lucy loved him, signed him to a contract. It was Ball who eventually recommended that he do something useful with all of the obscure facts in his head. “We have enough actors,” she told him. His first book, Academy Awards Illustrated, was published in 1965.
In retrospect the Osborne book and its subsequent editions seem like templates for Turner Classic Movies. Both the books and the cable channel devote their attentions and enthusiasms to domestic films of a certain period: the Golden Age of Hollywood, during which the major genres (gangster, musical, horror, comedy, Western, melodrama) were established and the iconic screen personae (Cagney, Hepburn, Leigh, Astaire, Roberts, Garland, Wayne, Davis, Stewart, Grant) were made famous. There is no apparent political agenda to either the book or the network, no self-conscious exploration or celebration of the obscure, no embarrassment at celebrating people who are already rich and famous. The objective was to preserve these pictures and their history for future generations.
Some time ago, in an interview with Alec Baldwin, Osborne attributed his success to luck. His encounter with Lucille Ball had been random, he said; her career advice led to his book, which led to freelance work, which led to a 40-year friendship with actress Olivia de Havilland. In the late 1970s De Havilland invited Osborne to accompany her to a tribute to Bette Davis where he not only met the star of All About Eve but also made the connections that would put him on television. Once he was on the small screen he never left. By the early 1980s the stars that had inspired him in his youth were beginning to fall ill. It was left to Osborne to appear on L.A. news channels and explain who Henry Fonda was and why he mattered.
Luck has a part in all of our lives, of course, but in Osborne’s case charm was perhaps the decisive factor. The Hollywood insiders on whom he reported no doubt appreciated his amiable manner long before he joined The Movie Channel in 1984. The combination of his affability and looks must have helped him form relationships with the leading ladies of a bygone era. Over decades in Los Angeles and New York City Robert Osborne seems not to have offended a single person. This achievement alone deserves an Oscar.
I first started watching him in 2013 when TCM featured Mark Cousins’ Story of Film. Each of the documentary’s 15 episodes was followed by some of the movies mentioned therein. For example, Chapter Four, on the “great American movie genres,” was accompanied by broadcasts of The Public Enemy, James Whale’s Frankenstein, and Gold Diggers of 1933. Osborne and Cousins introduced not only the documentary but also some of the 119 films associated with it. And their discussions were riveting. What they amounted to was a semester-length course on film history. On cable television, no less.
I noticed something while enjoying these preambles to The Story of Film. Cousins, who does not hide his left-wing politics, would veer into social or political criticism that was neither original nor interesting. But Osborne, whose politics were as opaque as his private life, always would take the conversation back to the movies, return to the people who made them. What mattered to him were the films in themselves, the sensations they evoked, the memories they summoned. These are the things Robert Osborne preserved. And that is why he deserves to be remembered, too.
— Matthew Continetti is the editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon, where this column first appeared. © 2017 All rights reserved



ARTICLE
The good news is no one can say President Trump didn’t try to persuade House Republicans that they should pass the American Health Care Act. He invited lawmakers to the White House, dispatched his key aides to Capitol Hill, worked the phones, cajoled, charmed, arm-twisted, threatened . . .
He did everything short of actually attempting to understand why House Republicans didn’t want to vote for it.
President Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan chose to cancel the vote on the AHCA late Friday afternoon. Earlier this week, the loudest argument from Trump was that if House Republicans didn’t pass the bill, it could cost the GOP their majority in 2018. This may or may not be true; it’s also possible that passing a disappointing replacement could cost the GOP their majority. Either way, Trump went so far as to threaten primary challenges to those who didn’t sign on.
It’s not that the House Republicans who refused to vote for the bill didn’t fear such a threat, or that they were nonchalant about keeping their majority. They held out not because they lacked motivation to replace Obamacare.
No, in the end, they simply didn’t like what was in the bill and didn’t have faith that the Senate would improve it, or that it would get better in conference committee. At least for now, a significant number of House Republicans fear the consequences of passing an insufficient bill more than the consequences of failing to pass a bill.
EDITORIAL: Reboot
Some Republicans felt that the American Health Care Act wouldn’t do enough to lower premiums, which many consumers find too high. The CBO score said that the bill would reduce the costs of insurance eventually . . . but increase them in the first three years. It’s fair to ask whether voters would feel warm to Republicans in fall of 2018 if a GOP replacement plan passed and they still found themselves paying too much for too little care.
Some House Republicans want to repeal Obamacare’s requirement that insurance plans cover outpatient care, emergency-room visits, hospitalization, maternity and newborn care, mental-health and addiction treatment, prescription drugs, rehabilitative services, lab services, preventive care, and pediatric services. On the one hand, mandating so much coverage does add to the costs of insurers, raising premiums. On the other hand, consumers like being comprehensively covered.
Others contended that the replacement just worked too much like Obamacare to meet their standards. Mo Brooks of Alabama declared, “It doesn’t deliver on the promise I made to fully repeal Obamacare.” Representative Rick Crawford of Arkansas tweeted that “the bill currently maintains [Obamacare’s] overall structure/approach, an approach that cements the federal government’s role in health insurance.”
Conservative health-policy wonks, meanwhile, had their own objections. Avik Roy pointed out that the AHCA “would lead to significant spikes in net insurance premiums for lower-income participants in the individual insurance market, with particular problems for those in their fifties and sixties.”
These are thorny issues that involve trade-offs. You can try to to sweep away everything that’s bad about Obamacare, but there’s no way to do that without disrupting millions of voters’ lives. You can try to control costs, but that’s hard to do without limiting benefits. You can’t enact some of Republicans’ favorite proposals, such as tort reform and selling insurance across state lines, without either some support from Senate Democrats or the elimination of the filibuster. As House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows put it, almost no one in his caucus wanted to vote no. They wanted to get to yes but simply didn’t see enough good in the bill to make voting for it worthwhile.
A strong leader can help sort out conflicting priorities, but there’s little sign that President Trump had any interest in that role. Throughout the last days of arm-twisting, there were ominous reports that he was quite passionately attempting to persuade House Republicans to pass the bill, without really understanding what was in the legislation that made them so reluctant to vote for it. An unnamed House GOP aide told CNN that when it came to the details of the legislation, Trump “either doesn’t know, doesn’t care or both.”
In the Los Angeles Times, Michael Steel, a former GOP leadership aide, offered a bizarre portrait of a president who’s somehow simultaneously eager and clueless:
It appears President Trump cared a lot more about getting a win than about what, exactly, he would be winning. And that lack of focus on the details helped deny him the victory he wanted so badly.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.



ARTICLE
In 2016, two truths were revealed at once. First, the percentage of uninsured Americans hit a record low — a mere 8.6 percent. In 2010, almost 50 million Americans lacked health insurance. By the beginning of 2016 that number had plunged to 27.3 million. This is, truth be told, the fruit of Obamacare and indeed is the very reason why the GOP is having so much difficulty in its struggle to repeal and replace it. People like having health insurance, and health insurance makes us healthier, right?
But that brings us to the second truth that was revealed in 2016. Even though Americans allegedly enjoyed unprecedented access to insured health care, the nation’s death rate in 2015 actually increased. More Americans were insured, but more Americans died. Why?
A clue comes from Princeton economists Anne Case and Angus Deaton, the same people who shocked America two years ago with research showing the remarkable rise of the death rate among middle-aged white Americans. This week, they released new research showing that the trend continues. “Deaths of despair” are “surging” in the United States. The chart below is nothing short of stunning:
Even worse, other data show younger-age cohorts are at significantly greater risk of death by drugs, alcohol, or suicide than their elders were: Men and women in early middle life began exhibiting by their twenties the same kinds of death rates from drug, alcohol, and suicide as were formerly reserved for much older men enduring the stereotypical “mid-life crisis.”
Indeed, these charts may actually understate the extent of “deaths by despair.” The obesity epidemic is carrying with it increases in chronic health conditions, including diabetes and heart disease, and make no mistake — obesity is exploding in the United States. The YouTube video below silently and ominously charts a stunning, national increase:
As Congress debated Obamacare repeal, I had lunch with a local critical-care doctor who seemed oddly indifferent to the outcome. His is a world dominated by addiction. “If it weren’t for addicts,” he says, “I wouldn’t have a job.” The intensive-care unit is overrun with people addicted to drugs, to alcohol, to food, and to tobacco. Insurance matters to the economics of the hospital, but it doesn’t matter so much to the quality of its patients’ immediate care or to their ultimate health outcome. They’re killing themselves, and the best health care and the most luxurious “Cadillac” health plans won’t stop their slide into oblivion.
It’s too simple to say that health insurance and the current debate in Washington doesn’t matter to public health. It obviously does. But it’s fair to say that it may well matter less than healthy marriages, strong families, decent jobs, and a vibrant faith. Deaton described the plight of the white working class well: “Your family life has fallen apart, you don’t know your kids anymore, [and] all the things you expected when you started out your life just haven’t happened at all.” And so, to “soothe the beast,” you turn to substances, to food, and — sometimes — ultimately to death itself.
Just as there is no simple solution to this crisis, there is no simple explanation. For every attempt at a short summary — it’s about jobs; it’s about marriage; it’s about welfare and dependency — there’s an answer that complicates the picture. For example, black families have had more economic struggles (and have had more out-of-wedlock births) than white families, yet for years their death rate fell while the white rate rose. Could the vibrancy of the black church and the apparently (substantially) greater religiosity of black Americans help explain a degree of healthy resilience in the face of economic, familial, and racial adversity? As the Pew Research Center notes, “African-Americans are markedly more religious on a variety of measures than the U.S. population as a whole, including level of affiliation with a religion, attendance at religious services, frequency of prayer and religion’s importance in life.”
Unless our citizens can find a way to soothe the despair, the great health-insurance debate from 2009 to 2016 may end up a mere footnote in public-health history. At the end of the day, neither the best nor the worst insurance can cause a man to put down his pills, throw out his whiskey bottles, or walk more and eat less. When the human heart aches, an insurance card won’t ease the pain.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
A preschool in Illinois suspended a four-year-old boy for a week because he brought a spent shell casing to school, according to a Facebook post by the boy’s mother.
The mother, Kristy Jackson, explained that her son had been learning about gun safety from his police-officer grandfather over the weekend and must have picked up the casing on the floor and brought it to school without her knowing.
“I was handed a piece of paper,” Jackson wrote. “No words, just eyebrows raised in disgust at my son, explaining that his behavior warranted a 7 school day suspension.”
“Which I still was expected to pay tuition for, of course,” she continued. “And a threat that if his enthusiasm for guns continued, he’d be permanently expelled.”
(Note: According to Jackson, the officials at the school — which is ironically called “A Place 2 Grow” — had initially told her that her son had brought a bullet to school, because apparently they themselves didn’t have enough gun education to know the difference between a bullet and a casing.)
And it gets worse. According to Fox 2, the school’s vice principal later e-mailed Jackson to inform her that he was planning to contact the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services in the wake of the incident. Now, to be fair, he also claimed that the child had been suspended not only because of the casing, but also because of some other disciplinary issues that could not get into for privacy reasons.
First of all, if Jackson were correct in saying that the school had threatened to expel her son if he were to continue showing an interest in guns, then that says to me that the shell-casing incident itself would have been enough for a suspension. I mean, if the scale we are working with here is one where expulsion is an appropriate punishment for showing an interest in firearms, then a suspension for bringing a casing seems to fit perfectly in line with that logic.
Second of all: Just what in the Hell kind of other behavioral issues could this vice principal have been talking about, anyway? After all, isn’t preschool expected to be just one big behavioral nightmare? Four-year-old kids scream; they kick; they bite. They rip toys out of each other’s hands, and they wail like lunatics if someone takes a toy from them. They unabashedly leave boogers on their nose; they wipe their boogers on each other. If preschool kids got suspended every time they behaved badly, I’d bet that preschool in general would cease to exist at all.
I know this school is named “A Place 2 Grow,” but throwing a kid out for carrying a completely harmless object — and leaving him confused as to what he did wrong — hardly seems like a way to achieve the mission stated in its name. Jackson told Fox 2 that her son has “cried about it and he doesn’t understand why his school hates him.” Assuming that this is true, I just have to ask: How is throwing a kid out, making him feel bad, and neglecting to give him the information that he would need to know in order “2 Grow” from the experience the best way to handle this? If the casing really was such a big issue — which, by the way, is something that I cannot understand — then the school officials should have just talked to the kid and his mom about it and then allowed him to continue “2 Grow” in the classroom alongside his peers. Sure, there may be more to the story, but still, having this kind of reaction to an indiscretion committed by a person whose level of maturity rates at “Still has several years left of believing in the Easter Bunny” seems like it would be really tough to justify.
This story was originally covered in an article in Reason.
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
Editor’s Note: This article’s original headline stated that the four-year-old was “expelled” for bringing a shell casing to his preschool. The student was suspended, not expelled.



ARTICLE
There is no ongoing criminal investigation of President Trump or his campaign. I realize that may not be what you expect to hear, if you’re only casually consuming the news. But it’s what FBI director Jim Comey told Congress, and no available evidence contradicts it.
Democrats are desperate to draw a parallel between Comey’s testimony Monday before the House Intelligence Committee — about an ongoing FBI investigation that includes any connections between the Trump 2016 campaign and Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election — and Comey’s statements in July and October 2016 about the criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private e-mail server. But if you listen to what Comey actually told Congress under oath, you get a very different picture. Let’s quote the key portion:
In short, the investigation Comey references is not a criminal investigation; it’s a counterintelligence investigation, and crimes will be investigated or charged only if they happen to be uncovered in the process.
Where does that leave us?
First, it means that nobody determined that there was a basis to think a crime may have been committed — or that investigators were likely to uncover a crime — before starting an investigation. That’s not what people usually assume when they hear “FBI investigation.”
Second, it means that the investigation has no target and no standards, and that there is no expectation it will have a public endpoint. Criminal investigations may be broad-ranging, but they are ultimately creatures of law: A crime may have been committed; investigators look to build an evidence-based case that one was, and by whom. There are witnesses, testimony, legal elements to satisfy, and often a statute of limitations that argues for wrapping things up. At the end, there’s a public accounting: an indictment and a trial or plea. If the investigation becomes publicly known, the FBI and DOJ may break from their usual practice in confidential grand-jury investigations and announce that it’s over. A counterintelligence investigation, on the other hand, seeks only information, which may be developed over a lengthy period of time, and because it carries no possibility of charges, it can never clear anyone of wrongdoing.
Third, because they have no expected public endpoint, counterintelligence investigations can drag on more or less indefinitely, for years and years, without witnesses being called or a case being built. This Q&A with a couple of the committee’s Democrats is illustrative:
All of this is why the FBI would normally never reveal to the public that it is conducting a counterintelligence investigation. Such an investigation is a matter of “Spy vs. Spy,” aimed not at a resolution but at evaluating vulnerabilities and probing potential assets. Because national security is at stake, innocent people can be freely investigated, there’s no due process, and there are effectively no rules. The only protection is that these investigations don’t become public. Until now.
This is not to say that the Trump campaign is wholly innocent here, or that no investigation should happen. Counterintelligence investigations are opened for a reason, too. But those reasons are fundamentally political rather than legal in nature. Which is why the voters, who on the Democratic side are drinking deeply of conspiracy theories about the 2016 election, deserve a public accounting by Congress rather than vague declarations that “an investigation is ongoing” from the FBI, followed by no public outcome or reckoning, ever. Of course, Comey added that “as with any counterintelligence investigation, this will also include an assessment of whether any crimes were committed.” But that’s just FBI-speak for “if we find anything, we’ll go after it.” It’s not a statement that they have any reason to expect that they’ll find anything, much less that they have any evidence.
The contrast with the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton and her inner circle in 2015–16 could not be more stark. That investigation involved a discrete, deliberate, publicly known event (the unprecedented establishment and use of an unsecure private e-mail server to handle a large volume of the official e-mail traffic to and from the secretary of state and her key advisers) and whether anyone involved had violated a specific federal criminal statute, 18 U.S.C. § 793(f):
There being no dispute that Clinton had signed off on creation of the server and its use in conducting State Department business, the key questions were whether (1) e-mails on the server contained information “relating to the national defense” and (2) anyone involved had acted “through gross negligence.” These were questions governed by law, the answers to which could result in criminal prosecutions, as had happened in similar past cases. Testimony was taken, documents were examined. This is lawyers’ work.
By contrast, nearly nobody has suggested even a vague idea of what crimes the FBI might be investigating now, who might have committed them, or what evidence might prove them or fail to do so. Only one Democrat, Connecticut congressman Jim Himes, raised a theory at the hearing, which Comey refused to touch:
That sort of fact-gathering is useful work, but a far cry from a criminal investigation. Other theories of criminality are even more far-fetched, and advanced in the complete absence of evidence: violations of the Logan Act (as Jim Geraghty has noted, nobody has ever been prosecuted under it), or conspiracy, or aiding and abetting WikiLeaks’s publication of the stolen Podesta e-mails. In reality, Trump’s detractors are left hoping that the FBI might either find a crime, create one by prosecuting someone for lying to investigators or perjuring themselves, or just never declare the investigation closed.
At some level, Democrats and liberal commentators know this. Indeed, they are counting on the fact that there will never be a public end to such an investigation, nor any need to back up insinuations of wrongdoing with facts or evidence (as would be the case for either an FBI criminal investigation or a congressional inquiry). That’s why Chuck Schumer is making this the centerpiece of his argument for filibustering Judge Gorsuch, an exercise in pure trolling: It’s an all-purpose get-out-of-governing-free card for Democrats, allowing them to exercise their id on the assumption that their voting base neither knows better nor cares.
Trump, through a variety of exercises of bad judgment, has earned a thorough and public investigation of what (if anything) his campaign did to encourage or collaborate with Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election. If you care about the integrity of American elections and government, you should want that. But if your goal is merely to throw a tantrum over Clinton’s loss, an investigation that never ends and never requires any evidence of a crime is an ideal excuse to avoid responsibility for governing.
— Dan McLaughlin is an attorney in New York City and an NRO contributing columnist.



ARTICLE
Earlier this month, President Trump accused his predecessor of ordering the “wiretapping” of Trump Tower in the final weeks of the presidential campaign. Last week, Richard Burr (R., N.C.) and Mark Warner (D., Va.), respectively the leading Republican and Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, together announced that there were “no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016.” That conclusion was echoed this week by FBI director James Comey during testimony before the House Intelligence Committee, and by committee chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.).
This comes as little surprise. Rather than looking into the reports that exercised him, Donald Trump chose to air his outrage on Twitter, and throw his administration into chaos. The damage to the White House’s credibility that has resulted is entirely self-inflicted.
But a further twist in the saga came Wednesday. At a press conference, Nunes provided an update that suggests that further serious investigation is in order:
Trump and his allies in the media have interpreted Nunes’s comments as confirmation of his accusation. They obviously aren’t. It appears that the communications of Trump associates, and possibly Trump himself, were swept up as part of legitimate intelligence efforts.
However, Nunes’s other points, if true, are deeply troubling. The intelligence community has a responsibility to “minimize” the identifying information of U.S. citizens whose communications are incidentally collected. Likewise, “unmasking” is only sometimes appropriate, and the power to do so is generally restricted to a small number of officials. Nunes seems to be suggesting that Obama-administration officials flouted those protocols. His fourth point — that none of this surveillance was related to Russia — raises the question of how the intelligence in question was collected, and whether the results were classified. Leaking classified information is, of course, a crime.
This information would likely be getting a fairer hearing had Nunes not chosen to disclose it to the White House before he informed the other members of the House Intelligence Committee — a lapse in judgment he has since acknowledged. Of course, the committee’s ranking member, California Democrat Adam Schiff, has shown interest primarily in making political hay of the whole inquiry; over the weekend, he declared that Russia “hacked the election” — a claim for which there is precisely no evidence.
We have repeatedly encouraged the Senate and House intelligence committees to conduct a thorough and, to the extent possible, transparent investigation of the various allegations tying the Trump campaign to Russia, and into the leaks that have fueled those allegations. At this point, it seems that the Senate’s committee may be better suited to conducting this probe than the House’s. If it is not up to the task, Congress ought to form a Select Committee.
Late on Thursday, Fox News’s James Rosen reported that investigators have recently become aware of “smoking gun” evidence that “is said to leave no doubt the Obama administration, in its closing days, was using the cover of legitimate surveillance on foreign targets to spy on President-elect Trump.” The president’s reckless accusation may have been discredited, but important questions clearly remain. There’s no excuse for not getting to the bottom of them.



ARTICLE
What does the ongoing debate about the role of legislative history in judging have to do with overcriminalization? Just ask President Trump’s SCOTUS nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who was able — on the fly – to articulate brilliantly the interplay between these two issues. In the process, he displayed both his legal acumen and his regard for the principles of individual liberty.
On the third day of his confirmation hearings, in an exchange with Senator John Cornyn (R., Texas), Judge Gorsuch was asked to comment on the late Justice Scalia’s outspoken opposition to the use of legislative history in judging. Here’s what he said in relevant part:
As a self-described originalist who writes about overcriminalization, I find that my enthusiasm about Gorsuch’s nomination just grew tenfold. Leaving aside the usual argument that legislative history is not law and therefore has little to no place in courtrooms, Judge Gorsuch makes a brilliant point. As he has pointed out on more than one occasion, there are about 5,000 federal criminal statutes. And, as my colleagues and I have pointed out, there are another 300,000 or so criminally enforceable federal regulations. Even in a world where citizens didn’t also have to comply with state and local laws, it would be patently unfair to expect anyone to be familiar with even half of what constitutes a federal crime in America. While not legally operative, the fact of the matter is that ignorance of the law is now the rule.
The law’s legitimacy depends on fair notice — something about which Judge Gorsuch has displayed a heightened awareness. Indeed, the injustice involved in imprisoning someone for breaking a rule he had no reason to know existed is obvious — which prompts the question of why the adage that ignorance of the law is no excuse is still persuasive in courtrooms. The phrase comes from a time during which the law was both intuitive and consumable by those governed by it. Two hundred years ago, criminal behavior was that which was intuitively wrong: murder, robbery, rape, trespass, fraud, etc. But the law has grown expansive and complicated to the point that legal scholars have posited that, on average, Americans unknowingly commit three federal felonies per day. Those complications explain how a Florida fisherman, John Yates, was convicted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a 2002 statute passed in the wake of the Enron scandal, for allegedly throwing fish back into the sea before authorities could measure them. While Yates’s conviction was eventually overturned in a 5–4 decision by the Supreme Court, it illustrates both how confusing the criminal law can be, and how counterintuitively it is sometimes enforced.
Over time, there have been developments in the law to address the liberty concerns inherent in a system in which so much ordinary conduct (walking a dog on a leash longer than six feet in certain parks, for example) has been criminalized. There is the rule of lenity, which holds that courts should give criminal defendants the benefit of ambiguities in the laws under which they’re charged. There is also the general practice of requiring prosecutors to show criminal intent, which the Left has actually come out against codifying in federal law. Despite these modest protections, many of us would argue that judges (particularly those on the left) have given too much deference to the state in some matters of criminal law, leaving individual defendants like Lawrence Lewis (who was convicted of violating an EPA regulation) vulnerable to imprisonment for the violation of obscure rules buried in tens of thousands of pages of regulations criminalized by obscure statutes buried in tens of thousands of pages of legislation. That deference issue has reared its head during this week’s confirmation hearings, during which Senate Democrats, including Dianne Feinstein (D., Calif.), have expressed concern about Gorsuch’s position on the doctrine of Chevron deference (which requires courts to defer to federal regulators, who create thousands of criminally enforceable rules), as well as about whether he believes legislative history is persuasive on questions of statutory interpretation.
By giving so much weight to legislative history, the Left imposes the additional responsibility on citizens to become familiar with everything from the floor statements of lawmakers to documents entered into the legislative record — on top of the preexisting (and unreasonable) demand that we all familiarize ourselves with the entire body of criminally enforceable statutes and regulations that even trained lawyers (including yours truly) have a hard time understanding. That seems to fly in the face of the collective concern Senate Democrats have expressed for the “little guy” throughout the course of Gorsuch’s confirmation hearings.
So three cheers for Judge Gorsuch. I look forward to having a justice on the Court who has such high regard for due process, and an awareness of how problematic overcriminalization is.
– Rafael A. Mangual is on the legal-policy team at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, where he manages the Overcriminalizing America project.



ARTICLE
Every society has its rituals. Indeed, while the details vary from place to place and time to time, ritual itself is a human universal, according to anthropologist Donald Brown.
I’m a big believer in the importance of rituals. They provide an important conduit for the transmission of priorities, meaning, and respect in any society. Where I think civilizations run into trouble is when they don’t recognize a ritual for what it is.
The Roman Empire was full of rituals and rites. These customs helped the Romans organize into the most formidable social organization the world had ever seen, ruling a vast swath of the globe. But over time, the rituals of the empire drifted away from the demands of governing.
This is how empires fall: when the facts on the ground do not fit the rules and expectations of those who govern.
The 1987 film The Last Emperor chronicles the life of Puyi, the last emperor of China. It offers a poignant taste of the disconnect between the rituals of an antiquated ruling class and the society that has moved on. Puyi is holed up in the Forbidden City, surrounded by guards, court eunuchs, and other servants who cater to his every whim, even as the revolutionary armies marched on the walls to take China in a different direction.
Of course, it’s not just empires. This is how all regimes — monarchies and democracies included — ultimately perish. The rituals that once helped enforce order become distractions from the demands of reality.
This thought occurred to me recently while watching the spectacle of the latest White House budget proposal.
The unveiling of the presidential budget is an odd ritual in Washington. It is greeted as a document of great significance, even though its unveiling is almost never anything more than an act of pure symbolism. Activists with vested interests in the force and direction of the money spigot pretend not to know this and ritualistically gnash their teeth and rend the cloth of their figurative togas in outrage if the president does not offer more money than was offered the year before. (In Washington, trimming the rate of increase is considered a cut.)
My point is not to defend every spending priority of the Trump administration, nor to say that Trump’s proposed budget is indefensible.
Rather, my point is that the game itself is disconnected from reality. It is the budgetary equivalent of a gladiatorial contest — a distracting spectacle that has little bearing on the fundamental problems we face. We argue about whether or not Cookie Monster should be fed to the lions. We beseech the crowd to answer whether NPR should get the thumbs up or the thumbs down.
These are all entertaining battles, but it’s theater, little more than budgetary stagecraft.
To strain the metaphor a bit, the real threat to the Republic isn’t inside the gladiatorial arenas of talk radio and cable television; it’s the barbarian horde of debt and entitlement.
Non-defense discretionary spending amounts to roughly 16 percent of the budget. You could cut all of it to zero and you would only slightly delay the fiscal reckoning that would come from the metastasizing growth of the national debt and the entitlement spending that fuels it. In 2008, the federal debt was 39 percent of GDP. Last summer, it was 75 percent of GDP. According to the Congressional Budget Office, if we stay on our current course, it will be 86 percent by 2026. By 2046, it will hit 141 percent of GDP.
With regard to the president’s rumored plan to cut $10.5 trillion over the next ten years, the Cato Institute’s Mike Tanner writes: “Without making changes to our insolvent entitlement programs — Social Security and Medicare alone face some $80 trillion in future red ink — there is simply no way to get anywhere near $10.5 trillion in spending cuts.”
But neither President Trump nor the Democratic leadership wants to cut entitlements. Trump’s budget simply moves the money around, and he has yet to unveil the costs of his additional spending for his big infrastructure push.
The causes of Rome’s fall are the subject of endless debate, but nearly all historians agree that one of the major factors was the endless accumulation of debt driven by entitlements — largely in the form of land and titles of nobility — to more and more segments of Roman society.
The Caesars and the senators simply found it too difficult a problem to fix, so they played their ritualistic games until reality had its say.
— Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC



ARTICLE
House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes told reporters yesterday that members of Donald Trump’s presidential transition team — including Trump himself — may have been caught up in surveillance during the last days of the Obama administration. “I have seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the president-elect and his team were, I guess, at least, monitored, and disseminated out . . . in intelligence channels,” Nunes said. He stressed that the surveillance, by both the FBI and NSA, looked to be legal “incidental collection” that had nothing to do with concerns over Russia collusion.
If true, this isn’t the wiretapping of Trump Tower, as Trump claimed in his infamous tweet a few weeks ago, but it is spying in any commonly understood sense of the word. The NSA routinely listens to calls and reads e-mails of Americans and collects other data “incidentally” from third parties, avoiding warrants. Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which has been found constitutional, states that government doesn’t need a warrant to collect information on Americans as long as the target of the collection is a foreigner.
That’s one thing. But if we’re to believe Nunes, the names of Trump associates were “unmasked,” and “details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value, were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting.” CNN reported that some of the communications picked up were of Trump transition officials talking about the president’s family. What possible need was there for those details to be passed around in an intelligence report? Who ordered the unmasking of the people involved? Was the information properly minimized? If the investigation wasn’t aimed at collusion with the Russians, what investigation ensnared the president-elect and his transition team?
While the answers might not vindicate Trump, they are legitimate questions. If it turns out intel wasn’t properly minimized, this is the kind of abuse that civil libertarians have long warned undermines Americans’ privacy, a Fourth Amendment right. Many Democrats (and a few Republicans) have been warning about the exploitation of 702 for years. Only last year, Minnesota senator Al Franken admitted that “information that we get through 702 can be misused.” The American Civil Liberties Union also opposes it (“We Must Rein In President Trump’s Spying Powers” reads one headline. Right.).
Some Senate Democrats specifically worried that the NSA could spy on politicians. The case of former representative Jane Harman (D., Calif.) illustrates that it’s probably easier to smear a politician than to blackmail one. But in 2014, Senator Bernie Sanders sent a letter to then–NSA director Keith Alexander asking him whether the NSA had spied on members of Congress “or other American elected officials.” Spying, he wrote, gathers “any other data from a third party not made available to the general public in the regular course of business,” among other things.
We can argue with this definition of spying if you like, but the NSA’s public-affairs office answered: “NSA’s authorities to collect signals intelligence data include procedures that protect the privacy of U.S. persons. Such protections are built into and cut across the entire process. Members of Congress have the same privacy protections as all U.S. persons.”
Intelligence agencies cannot share details about American citizens with no foreign-intelligence value. If Nunes is right, how were these procedures not broken? If a Bush-era intelligence agency had engaged in “incidental collection” of Barack Obama’s phone calls in 2008, and then disseminated that information, the Earth would have stopped in its orbit. (Senator Rand Paul claims Obama’s phone calls were intercepted 1,227 times and then masked. Being caught up in surveillance doesn’t necessarily mean you’re guilty of anything.) Now, because the person involved is Donald Trump, journalists sprinted to the nearest media platform to push back against the story.
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Adam Schiff, said in a statement that he has “grave concerns with the chairman that a credible investigation cannot be conducted this way.” It could very well be that Nunes is attempting to give the president cover. He’s a partisan, after all. That doesn’t make the incident potentially less serious. For one thing, the idea that the president shouldn’t be shown intelligence is nonsensical. But if partisanship is disqualifying, we might as well shut down Washington, D.C. I mean, the other day, Schiff tweeted that the Russians hacked our election.
When it comes to conspiracies about the NSA or FBI or collusion or wiretaps, my default position is hard skepticism. That goes for Nunes’s claims as well. This, however, is not the default position of the media at large, especially on accusations against the administration.
Journalists, many of whom take every conspiracy about Russia and Trump seriously, have no reason to dismiss the potential abuses of the NSA. Even if intel agencies failed to minimize frivolous information, it is still an abuse. Nunes might be misleading Americans, but as far as I know, he has not made any bizarre allegations in the past. It’s not implausible that information legally obtained about Trump was subsequently abused by a government agency. In fact, Democrats have been warning us for years that something like this would happen.
— David Harsanyi is a senior editor at the Federalist. Follow him on Twitter @davidharsanyi. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
Republicans should get used to it. Their agony on health care is just beginning.
For the past seven years, the party benefited from its powerlessness, which usefully maximized its ability to criticize Obamacare and minimized its responsibility to do anything about it. Now, with unified control of government, the party will pay the piper.
Nothing good will come of the Obamacare repeal-and-replace debate. If anything resembling the current bill passes and is signed into law, Republicans will spend years trying to fix it. If the bill fails, the rest of President Donald Trump’s legislative agenda may sink with it.
The party faces this choice between Scylla and Charybdis because the House leadership couldn’t produce a sound repeal-and-replacement bill that it thought would pass muster with the Senate parliamentarian. Instead, it unveiled a compromise of a compromise, jury-rigged to pass the Senate under the so-called reconciliation rules bypassing the filibuster.
The reflex of the Republican leadership was understandably to pass their awkward bill quickly and move on. But the lesson of Obamacare is that passage of a major health-care law never puts health care behind you, only in front of you. For Republicans, their replacement bill will — one way or the other, pass or fail — loom large in 2018 and presumably 2020, if not beyond.
A fundamental flaw of the Republican bill is that it will likely destabilize the already rocky individual market even further. The legislation leaves in place the core Obamacare regulations that are driving up the price of insurance, while repealing the individual mandate that is designed to force people to buy insurance anyway. Almost no one who is not directly employed by the Republican party thinks this combination makes sense.
Then, there is the fact that fewer people will have insurance. The Congressional Budget Office projection of 24 million fewer in 10 years is probably too dire, but there is little doubt that the number is substantial.
None of this makes for a sustainable law. Republicans admit as much with their talk of a “three-prong” approach, an implicit concession of the inadequacy of Prong No. 1. If they pass their bill, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price will supposedly swoop in to deregulate and stabilize the individual market through administrative action and then Congress will pass additional free-market reforms with 60 votes in the Senate. Because it’s not clear what exactly Price can do, the second prong is a black box. And because 60 votes obviously means getting Democratic support, the third prong is a fantasy.
This fix-it-on-the-fly approach should sound familiar because it’s exactly the tack the Obama administration took on Obamacare. It’s just one of the discomfiting echoes of the health-care debate from 2009–10. After Republicans accused the Democratic Congress of jamming through an Obamacare bill in eight months, they have been trying to pass their own hugely consequential bill in four weeks.
If the Republican leadership hasn’t covered itself in glory, neither has the rank and file. The conservative Freedom Caucus says it wants a “full repeal” and laments that the party isn’t simply passing the repeal-only it sent to President Barack Obama’s desk in 2016. But that bill also left core Obamacare regulations in place. What many of these conservatives really mean when they say they want “full repeal” is that they don’t want a replacement, which is even less defensible than what the leadership has been trying to do.
The fact is that the party is deeply conflicted on a promise it has made to voters for years, and it shows in the patchwork House bill. Paul Ryan is the wonk and Donald Trump is the populist, and neither did his job in formulating and pushing an incoherent bill that will lead to fewer people having insurance.
Even if they manage to pull off the major political win of getting their bill through Congress, they won’t be done with it — no, not for a very long time.
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate



ARTICLE
The Diversity Leadership Council at Gustavus Adolphus College admits that it — with the help of other social-justice groups — planted fake racist flyers on campus “to educate” people about racism.
The flyers, according to a photo obtained by Campus Reform, stated:
 
Obviously, these flyers caused a huge uproar among the school’s students and alumni — only for Dean of Students Jones VanHecke to later announce that they were “part of a series of educational ‘invisible theater’ events taking place this week that have been planned by I Am We Are theater troupe, the Diversity Leadership Team, and the Bystander Intervention Committee.”
On Monday, the Diversity Leadership Council published a Facebook post explaining that it had posted the fake flyers to “promote, preserve, and protect on-campus diversity” and “to help educate our peers and campus community about issues of bias, and the importance of being an active bystander.”
“We want to help put an end to bias-related incidents that happen on our campus, social media, and in our communities by forcing individuals to have dialogues about forms of hate and bias,” the post stated.
Hey, kids? If you want to “help put an end to bias-related incidents that happen on our campus,” how about you address those incidents instead of distracting from them by making up a fake one? Seriously — just what is bringing awareness to a fake issue going to solve? It’s not going to help solve that issue, because — and sorry if I’m blowing your mind here — a problem has to actually exist in order for you to be able to solve it.
Now, I am not sure exactly what kinds of “bias-related incidents” are happening on that campus, but I do know that there being people on campus who felt so strongly that only white people should live in America that they were running around posting “AMERICA IS A WHITE NATION” flyers to help achieve that would be a serious one indeed. Presumably, this fake incident is on a completely different level from anything that is actually happening on that campus, which means that any “dialogues” related to it are on a completely different level, too. No doubt, these flyers must have left a lot of people feeling freaked out and threatened based on a false issue, all for the sake of having a discussion about something that didn’t even exist — and that’s about as disgusting as it gets.
These groups’ little stunt wasn’t merely stupid; it also has the potential to create long-term harm. For one, it likely has hurt the school’s reputation. There are almost certainly people who heard only the news about the flyers, and not that the flyers turned out to be a hoax.
What’s more, it may actually hinder these groups’ aim of achieving racial justice on campus. Going forward, any actual bias incidents may be looked at more skeptically. People’s knee-jerk response to future incidents might not be to become outraged, but to remember how the last incident turned out to be a hoax. Think about it: What if someone had, “to educate” the campus about rape culture and sexual assault, posted a bunch of fake flyers around campus saying that rape is okay? Do you think that that would make people want to talk about rape culture more seriously? Would any “dialogue” that might have happened because of those signs actually help a victim of assault in the future? The answer to that is an obvious “no.” The truth is, there is no better way to encourage people to dismiss your cause than to do something in the name of it that they can rightfully dismiss.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online. 



ARTICLE
Throughout the Ryancare debate, the House’s Republican leadership has depicted the Senate parliamentarian as a cruel schoolmarm, eager to smack her yardstick across the knuckles of any GOP effort to give Obamacare the full-throated repeal and replacement that Republicans have promised for years.
But this scaricature appears badly overblown. Senate Parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough seems more like a fair-minded judge, happy to weigh Republican arguments for why the Senate should consider broader repeal-and-replacement language under filibuster-proof reconciliation rules.
“What I understood her to be saying is that there’s no reason why an Obamacare repeal bill necessarily could not have provisions repealing the health insurance regulations,” Senator Mike Lee told Philip Klein, managing editor of the Washington Examiner. The Utah Republican discussed this matter with MacDonough on Tuesday. Lee added: “The parliamentarian said, there’s not necessarily any reason that would categorically preclude you from doing more, both on the repeal front and the replacement front. All sorts of things are possible.”
Lee’s conversation with the Republican-appointed parliamentarian contradicts the House leadership’s suggestion that she somehow had pre-vetted the drearily titled American Health Care Act, and that its text uprooted Obamacare as far as the Senate’s strictures would allow.
“She was also saying until very recently, nobody had even asked her about it,” Lee explained. “And yet one of the arguments consistently used by those behind the bill is, ‘This thing is the most aggressive we can pass and can get through Senate rules.’ And it’s just not true.”
RELATED: Mike Lee’s Obamacare Bombshell
The parliamentarian has been quite approachable lately, according to Tim Chapman, chief operating officer of Heritage Action for America.
“I have spoken with multiple Senate staffers who have had conversations with the parliamentarian over the last two days,” Chapman informed me last night. These legislative aides “have been told that nobody has adjudicated with the parliamentarian the issue of adding to the Ryancare bill the repeal of Obamacare’s insurance regulations. They also have been told the argument is open. Contrary to what has been spread around the Hill by the bill’s proponents, it is not a closed door.”
Chapman scoffs at the House leadership’s claim that, in order to remain reconciliation-friendly, Ryancare must contain language that is “budgetary” but not “policy-related.”
“The current draft contains pro-life provisions that are good,” Chapman said, “but arguing that those provisions are budgetary, and that repeal of the regulations is not, is just laughable.”
“The message is clear,” Chapman continued. “House Republicans should put as much as possible into the reconciliation bill to ensure that they repeal all of Obamacare and create a firm foundation on which to build a free-market health-care system.”
The Club for Growth concurs. It opposes Ryancare, at least until it includes the active ingredients that it, Heritage Action, and other free-market groups expect.
“We are skeptical of leadership’s argument that Senate rules don’t allow for repeal of certain regulations — especially when this bill already alters other regulations,” Andrew Roth, Club for Growth’s vice president of government affairs, stated late yesterday. “The House is unnecessarily (or purposely) using Senate rules to limit the scope of their bill.”
“Also, promises of repealing leftover elements of Obamacare at some later date when political courage — currently absent — will somehow be available, does not engender support now,” Roth added.
This courage deficit may be fueled by a surplus of confusion about the Senate parliamentarian’s role.
The House leadership insinuates that if even one item in Ryancare conflicts with reconciliation, the Senate parliamentarian will kill the entire bill, as if with a poison pill.
This seems inaccurate.
Instead, the parliamentarian’s counsel works more like a soft line-item veto. In other words, MacDonough might advise that provisions A through W are just fine but that items X, Y, and Z violate reconciliation. But that would not doom the whole bill. The Senate could proceed with A through W but set aside X, Y, and Z.
Or — very important — Vice President Mike Pence may exercise his statutory authority under the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Act of 1974 to overrule the parliamentarian and decide that any combination of X, Y, and/or Z is in order. Unless 60 senators vote to reverse the chair, Pence’s decision would stand, and the Senate could include X, Y, and Z (or a blend thereof) in the final bill. It then could pass the measure with 51 votes.
Obamacare: Requiescat in pace.
What does Elizabeth MacDonough say about all of this? Asked yesterday if the Senate parliamentarian’s office speaks with the media, a member of her staff replied: “No, we do not.”
With the Senate parliamentarian no longer the apparent roadblock to repeal and replacement that she has been portrayed to be, Republicans should consider a grand compromise that might speed the House bill toward passage.
Expanded Medicaid funding should continue through December 31 and then be capped. Such funds should be delivered as full block grants to the states. Governors should be given advance permission to put Medicaid funds into universal, tax-free health savings accounts, available to Medicaid recipients and all Americans who want them.
Such HSAs could accept direct deposits from Medicaid. Ryancare’s refundable tax credits would go into these HSAs, rather than as direct payments to insurance companies. HSA holders could use these funds to purchase health insurance, prescription or over-the-counter drugs, medical devices, wellness care, or anything else health-related. Americans would own, control, transport, and bequeath the funds in these HSAs.
Moderates would applaud the more generous funding that they and some of their Medicaid-addicted governors want. Conservatives would enjoy a serious blow for federalism, with dollars behind it, plus a solid boost for health savings accounts — the beating heart of patient power and greater choice in medicine.
Everybody wins!
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. He has participated in numerous events organized by the Heritage Foundation and Club for Growth.



ARTICLE
There is humor in almost everything, even the fast-motion collapse of honesty and integrity in American political discourse. On Tuesday the Washington Post (no, not the Onion) actually published a piece by former Obama national security-adviser Susan Rice titled, “When the White House twists the truth, we are all less safe.”
Yes, that happened. The woman who went on every major Sunday-morning news program after the Benghazi terrorist attacks and told flat-out falsehoods about its nature and motivations is now lecturing America about integrity. A person who was one of the chief national-security officials when the Obama administration was spinning false narratives about the Iran nuclear deal actually wrote this:
Those words are true. Too bad she disregarded them when the truth was politically inconvenient.
It’s easy to single out disingenuous Democrats. You can do it all day. We’ve spent a week watching Demcrats spill crocodile tears over the Supreme Court, convinced that Neil Gorsuch was basically stealing Merrick Garland’s seat. Yet every sentient being in Washington knows that if the roles were reversed and, say, one of the liberal justices stepped down or passed away in the final months of a Republican presidency, the congressional Democrats would have behaved in the exact, same way, refusing to vote on any Supreme Court nominee the president put forward. In fact, none other than Joe Biden made that same promise more than 20 years before.
But here’s the problem — Democrats can do the same thing to Republicans, and it gets worse every day. The president and his team have repeatedly issued false denials about contacts with Russians, and the president himself keeps tweeting allegations and assertions that are most charitably described as incomplete, imprecise, and sometimes just outright wrong. Even when he’s “vindicated,” it’s often a strange kind of vindication, where his actual words were wrong, but something still happened. For example, wiretapping becomes “incidental collection.” Millions of illegal votes becomes millions of illegal registrations.
Then we can swing straight back to the Democrats and to Democratic allies within the executive branch. The scale of anonymous and likely illegal leaking is simply astounding. Public officials appear to be willfully disregarding the law and their own promises (federal employees sign a classified-information nondisclosure agreement as a condition of handling classified information) in a tit-for-tat battle against Trump. His administration issues a statement, they respond with a leak. Yesterday, House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes said that the intelligence community may have picked up Trump-transition-team communications in its surveillance of foreign targets. Hours later, CNN reported that the “FBI has information that indicates associates of President Donald Trump communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton’s campaign.” Anonymous officials strike again.
We’re in the middle of a political version of the Iran–Iraq war, where legitimate rage abounds but virtue is hard to find. Or, if you prefer a sitcom analogy, every day is Festivus and we’re trapped in a perpetual airing of the grievances.
All of this nonsense is justified, excused, and indulged through the sheer force of tribalism. Unilateral honesty is seen as unilateral disarmament. It might mean we don’t win. It might mean we can’t adjust tax rates, change insurance regulations, or nominate the right judges. All these things are important, but we can’t miss the cultural forest for the political trees.
In one of John Adams’s most famous letters, he wrote that “our constitution was made for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.” But earlier in that same letter, he says something of equal power: “We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net.”
I happen to be more optimistic than Adams. We have more than 200 years of history demonstrating that our constitutional structure can withstand a great deal of “avarice,” “ambition,” and “revenge.” But even the strongest human systems have their limits, and those limits are tested not by tax rates but by human behavior and human integrity. We can fail that test only for so long.
And don’t think for a minute that the blame lies only with lying, leaking elites. These are men and women responding to a political market. Voters say they hate negative ads, but negative ads work. Voters say they dislike dishonest politicians, but Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were two of the least honest politicians in modern American history. They won their parties’ primaries, and neither race was particularly close. Tribalism can be just as corrupting for a coal miner in Kentucky as it can be for a “deep state” intelligence analyst in Langley. America needs political virtue. Where will she find it?
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
Of course we should kill the National Endowment for the Arts — not because we don’t care about art, but because we do. The ladies and gentlemen of the NEA are the Medicis of mediocrity, and the sooner we are done with them the better.
The case against the NEA is not that abolishing it will save the federal government a tremendous amount of money. It won’t. The NEA’s budget is, relatively speaking, chickenfeed — $148 million this year. (Which is literally less than Tyson spends on chickenfeed, if you were wondering.) We are not going to balance the budget on cuts — even cuts of 100 percent — to the NEA, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and foreign aid. About 80 percent of the federal budget is Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and other health-care programs, national security, and interest on the debt. That isn’t to say we shouldn’t pay attention to the little things, but our fiscal problem is far larger than the NEA and similar programs.
And there is nothing wrong with spending money on cultural programs in principle. When the friends of the National Review Institute visited Mount Vernon last week, some of them were surprised to hear that the institution receives no federal funding. One of the most conservative men I know turned to me and said: “Federal funding would be appropriate.” It would not be inappropriate, to be sure, even if in fact it is not needed. Well done to the excellent people at Mount Vernon and their extraordinarily generous benefactors for that.
And the case for eliminating the NEA is not that it sometimes funds controversial projects. There is much in this world that is truly excellent that is born in controversy: Stravinsky’s Rite of Spring inspired a riot at its premiere, according to legend. Charles Murray is controversial. The Road to Serfdom and God and Man at Yale were controversial — Cornell went so far as to forbid one of its professors from using F. A. Hayek’s most popular book in his class. And we should not be persuaded by the narrower argument that some NEA-funded works have been offensive or sacrilegious. Charlie Hebdo is offensive and sacrilegious, and more power to it.
The case against the NEA is that it is bad for art and bad for artists.
It helps to understand what the NEA actually is and what it does. The National Endowment for the Arts has relatively little interest in art — or, if you must, “the arts” — per se. It spends a great deal of money not on art but on the artsy and the art-ish: community-development programs with an arts component; educational initiatives that touch art, music, or theater, however tangentially; partnerships between municipal agencies and politically connected nonprofits that function as a way to shunt federal funds into the coffers of friendly mayors’ offices and those of their allies.
RELATED: What’s the ‘Public Purpose’ of the National Endowment for the Arts?
Consider the Mayors’ Institute on City Design, an NEA-supported project with the most nebulously defined goals you have ever heard of: “The Mayors’ Institute on City Design gives our nation’s mayors the opportunity, time, and the expertise of the design community to forge solutions and advance ideas about what their cities can become,” says NEA chairman Jane Chu. If that is not vague enough, NEA literature adds this: “MICD has helped prepare over 1,000 mayors to be the chief urban designers of their cities and connected over 700 design and development professionals to local governance.” Grants made under that program are $450,000 a pop. The NEA says this program helps to “transform” cities. Beneficiaries include Cleveland and Cincinnati – how transformed do those cities seem to you?
This is part of what the NEA calls “creative placemaking.” The problem with “creative placemaking” is that it is basically baloney, a way to move some money into friendly hands and create some opportunities for marginally employable vaguely creative types. Everybody knows this, including the NEA itself, which is why it has gone to such extraordinary lengths to avoid actually evaluating the outcomes of such programs. Consider this 2012 report from that organ of right-wingery, the Huffington Post:
The author of that piece, Ian David Moss of Fractured Atlas (I very much doubt he shares my views on NEA funding, but his analysis is interesting), describes the “creative placemaking” effort as part of an “underpants gnome” business model. The projects are to be judged on “vibrancy,” as indicated by metrics such as . . . cell-phone use and home values. It is no wonder that, as Moss writes, “ArtPlace isn’t requiring its grantees to collect any data on how that impact is achieved. Furthermore, ArtPlace’s guidelines state clearly that the consortium has no plans to invest in research on creative placemaking beyond the vibrancy indicators themselves, despite its advocacy goals and a desire to ‘share the lessons [grantees] are learning to other communities across the U.S.’”
The NEA emphasizes that it funds projects, not organizations and their operating costs. But money is fungible, and apologists for the NEA, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and the like occasionally stumble into the truth that this is in part about “the jobs supported” by such programs, as Time put it. We have not seen any great renaissance in American creativity since the inception of the NEA, but we have seen tremendous growth in cultural agencies, in their budgets, in their payrolls, and in their administrative staffs. The NEA is only one factor in that, of course, but it is a considerable one, and one that sets an example for state and local governments – an example fortified by matching grants. This is why there are nearly three times as many people employed by cultural institutions as there are police officers – when you exclude the 54 percent of them who work in private, for-profit organizations. And the police payrolls aren’t exactly lean.
As anyone familiar with the Italian Renaissance knows, artists are not immune to financial pressure or financial temptations, nor are they averse to sinecures and offices. Of course the NEA has been involved in projects that have turned out to be worthy, or at least popular: But does anybody really believe that Hamilton would fail to be financially viable without government support? Does anybody think the Museum of Modern Art would wither without the NEA? Of course not. But the Hispanic Association of Contractors and Enterprises in Philadelphia would be out $25,000, and this facsimile of Mr. Snuffleupagus made from chain-link fence might not exist.
RELATED: Separate Art and State
Public funding of art means that support and honors come not from creating great works but from flattering politicians or at least giving them the opportunity to cut a ribbon in public and proclaim their love of “the arts.” There is really no other explanation for the scandal that is public art in these United States. Our cultural bureaucracies, from the NEA down to the local organizations and institutions it supports, are the great enemy of American art, distorting tastes, careers, and patronage. They are a major factor in the malinvestment that has employment in cultural institutions growing significantly more quickly than that of the overall labor force. I am sure the Children’s Museum of Indianapolis is terrific – but 400 employees?
Eliminating the NEA is not a program for punishing artists but for liberating them – from bureaucracy, from mediocrity, and, above all, from subservience to politics.
— Kevin D. Williamson is the roving correspondent for National Review.



ARTICLE
That our government sat idly by as we became completely dependent on other countries to supply us with defense-critical rare-earth elements (REEs) is scandalous. That the country we are now dependent on for REEs is China, a hostile power, is unforgivable. China is not our friend; any objective analysis of its actions and comments over the last 30 years would conclude that Beijing views the U.S. as its primary enemy. That is why Republican congressman (and former Marine) Duncan Hunter of California has proposed a bill to redress this dangerous situation by allocating 1 percent of the Department of Defense’s administrative-overhead budget — about $50 million per year — to incentivize the resumption of domestic production of defense-critical REEs.
The summary of Hunter’s METALS (Materials Essential to American Leadership and Security) Act warns that the rights to the largest REE mine in the United States, Mountain Pass in California, are in danger of being purchased by a company with strong ties to Russia. Incredibly, the Pentagon has also issued multiple waivers allowing the use of Chinese-made military-grade magnets in building the radars for our F-35s. The waivers were issued because of the dramatic shift in production of these magnets to China. Alarmingly, as that shift has occurred, the U.S. has begun spending less money on research into the magnets, which are critical to our defense. This state of affairs is unacceptable. REEs are used extensively in jet-fighter engines, night vision, radars, missile-guidance systems, missile-defense systems, satellite and communication systems, high-tech rare earth permanent magnets, and many other technologies critical to our national defense. Such critical natural resources need to be produced in the U.S. by U.S.-owned and -controlled companies.
The U.S. did not always depend on China to supply the specialty metals/REEs critical to our defense industry. Up through 1990, the U.S., blessed with one of the three richest reserves of REE ores in the world, was the world’s largest producer. Today no REE mining or refining is done on U.S. soil; China controls nearly 100 percent of worldwide REE production. A 2012 report by the Congressional Research Service describes how China used anti-free-trade tactics to destroy American REE mining:
In 2012, U.S.-based Molycorp, attracted to the higher prices that resulted from the Chinese government’s efforts to boost profits by restricting REE exports, made plans to ramp up domestic REE production, investing nearly $800 million in state-of-the-art mining operations in California. At the moment when the project was poised to succeed, China flooded the market with REEs just long enough to knock Molycorp out of the market. After its Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, Beijing is allowing Molycorp to continue operations in China. But once again, the U.S. has no domestic REE production.
America’s dependence on China for its supplies of specialty metals, including REEs, as well as for military-grade magnets critical to our defense industry, is just one result of the unilateral trade war China has waged against the United States for the last 30 years. Its tremendous success has given China the money and technology to build a far more capable military.
Much of the opposition to instituting a sound defense-industry trade policy comes from those who mistakenly believe that efficient use of capital should be the only factor to consider in trade deals. Efficient use of capital is of course very important. But a conservative view of the world also recognizes that good public policy involves considering other important factors, including national security. And even those for whom efficient capital allocation trumps all else should realize that the status quo serves China’s determination to gain an across-the-board absolute economic advantage using a wide array of predatory tactics. Indeed, a recent study by the Hong Kong Institute for Monetary Research found that the pattern of trade between the U.S. and China is actually the inverse of what it should be in a genuine free-trade relationship based on comparative advantage.
All those who understand that the world is a dangerous place in which peace must be secured through strength should be unified in their support of trade-policy changes that ensure that the U.S. is not dependent on other countries for defense-critical resources. A genuine superpower maintains not only a powerful standing military but also a heavy-industrial base with the capacity to rapidly boost production of military equipment should the need arise. The U.S. was such a superpower in World War II, but over the last 40 years our defense-industrial base has been severely weakened. For example, as of 2015, America produced only 0.6 percent of the world’s ships by tonnage, driving up costs for our Navy’s warships owing to a lack of domestic competition.
It will take many years to fully revive our heavy industry, but domestic REE production could be restored quickly. With the right incentives, Molycorp’s state-of-the-art mining facilities in California could restart production within a year or two. In the meantime, any attempt to gain control of our REE ores by foreign entities must be thwarted.
From a national-security perspective, the trade status quo is a bad one on many levels. Given the predictable and ongoing ineffectiveness of the World Trade Organization in reining in Communist China’s anti-free-trade policies, it is up to the U.S. Congress and the Trump administration to protect American security interests through bilateral trade negotiations. The Trump administration should make it a top priority to implement policies mandating that defense-critical materials and components be produced stateside by U.S-controlled companies. Doing so would fall in line with President Trump’s campaign promises, while shoring up our national security and creating many thousands of new, well-paying jobs for American citizens who need them.
That truly would be a good deal.
— Mike Fredenburg is a regular contributor to National Review Online and the founding president of the Adam Smith Institute of San Diego.



ARTICLE
Pope Francis is reportedly considering a trip to South Sudan, after ecumenical pleas from religious leaders who hope that his visit might draw attention to the plight of the people there, suffering famine and genocide. Melinda Henneberger, editorial writer and columnist for the Kansas City Star, recently went to South Sudan, on a trip sponsored by the Sudan Relief Fund. She wrote several pieces about it for her newspaper as well as for USA Today. In this interview, she discusses what she saw during her trip.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: What drew you to go to Sudan? Is that even safe?
Melinda Henneberger: For some time I’ve wanted to go to try to tell the story of what’s happening there, and it’s probably not that safe, no, but only because a bomb could fall at any time — and that’s what the people of the Nuba Mountains have lived with virtually all their lives. Otherwise, I’d have felt as safe as I do in my mother’s house, because the people I met were so warm and America-loving. Our car broke down late the night we were traveling there, so we were on the road for hours, almost until dawn, trying to get it started — well, I was watching the driver try to get it started, and then sleeping through some of it — and it didn’t feel threatening at all. Not one car went by, but only people on foot.
Lopez: Writing about Sudan isn’t exactly clickbait. Why should people read your series on the people of the Nuba Mountains and share the articles?
Henneberger: That’s for sure that it’s not clickbait! The Nuba people need our help; they have been persecuted — civilians bombed and raped, their water poisoned and crops burned — by their Islamist government, and they were not only ignored but vilified under Obama, I’m sorry to say, while we rewarded the war criminal who runs Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, because his government is supposedly helping the CIA with ISIS. No shock that he’d have plenty of intel on his fellow terrorists, but does that mean we should reward our enemies and punish our friends?
Lopez: If there were one person you wish you could have brought back with you to give testimony, who would it be?
Henneberger: It would be Ahmed Zackaria, the only Nuba-born doctor of the four physicians who serve the 1.5 million people in an area the size of Scotland. A lot of people. It took him eleven years to get through what should have been six years of training in Khartoum, not because he spent too little time in the library but because he spent so much time in jail, where he was tortured for opposing the Sudanese government. He got married recently, and in the ultimate act of hope in an uncertain future, he and his wife are expecting their first child. A former Muslim who says he’s given up on both politics — “the art of telling lies” — and religion, his inspiration is still the Christians who led the American civil-rights movement, whose example taught him that “despite the darkness you face and the darkness you live in, the light is coming. . . . The sun will rise one day.”
Lopez: What did people there tell you about Donald Trump? Did what you heard surprise you?
Henneberger: They absolutely love him, love his tough talk and his “America first” position, too, because that’s how they feel about the Nuba Mountains. Even though they tend to disagree with the travel ban, a number of them said they’d rather die where they are than leave, so they’re not looking to come here in any case, but they do think President Trump will show up for them, and they expect him to pressure Bashir into submission. It surprised me, yes, and it hurt to see them so sure of him, but I would love to see him justify their faith.
Lopez: What can the rest of us do to help these people?
Henneberger: Tell your elected officials that we can’t turn our backs on the people of the Nuba Mountains, the Blue Nile State, and Darfur in Sudan, where killing is still going on — or ignore the country we helped create, South Sudan, where a famine and undeclared genocide is in full swing. Forced starvation is the major cause of the famine there, and farmers who’ve been forced from their homes can’t plant their crops. The United Nations now says the situation there and in Yemen and Somalia and northeast Nigeria adds up to the worst humanitarian crisis since 1945, with 20 million at risk of starvation, so the need is just enormous.
Whatever the U.N.’s problems — and yes, they are many — one thing they do better than anybody else is work with refugees, and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is doing heroic work. Their people are sleeping in tents in the brutal heat, just like the refugees do, but UNHCR doesn’t have the resources to keep up. Other organizations doing such important work there include the Sudan Relief Fund folks, with whom I traveled to deliver 6.5 tons of medicine; Samaritans Purse, which digs wells and provides water; and the Lutheran Relief Services that offers counseling to refugees.
Lopez: On another topic, you’ve just made a move from D.C. to Kansas City. Should more people in media be doing the same? Leave the D.C.-New York-Los Angeles bubble, and make a trip to Sudan when they can?
Henneberger: I come from such a red, red county in southern Illinois that it was one of the few in the state that went for Alan Keyes over Barack Obama in the 2004 Senate race, so I have never considered myself too bubble-wrapped. Most of my family and friends that I’ve had since childhood supported Trump from the beginning, and even though I don’t always share their views, I do know where they’re coming from — literally, as Joe Biden would say. And I still believe what Barack Obama said about how we are more alike than different, even after what I call the “unfriend me now” election. It does seem like a perfect moment to be back in the Midwest, and I hope to go back to Sudan in a few months, too.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.



ARTICLE
EDITOR’S NOTE: This piece was reprinted with permission from family-studies.org.
Academia is replete with efforts to help women advance in their careers by encouraging more equal patterns of male and female parenting and work. Several of these efforts have been striking failures.
For example, gender-neutral tenure-extension policies at the nation’s 50 leading economics departments hurt female faculty. Rather than leveling the playing field, one study by a group of economists found that they “led to a 19 percentage-point rise in the probability that a male economist would earn tenure at his first job. In contrast, women’s chances of gaining tenure fell by 22 percentage points.” The study suggested that many men had used the stopped clock to conduct research, while the women concentrated on parenting duties.
Similarly, my own research (with my son Christopher) on gender-neutral parental leave found that fathers on the tenure track did less infant/toddler care than mothers on the tenure track, even if the men took parental leave after the child’s birth and the women did not. Moreover, when new parents were asked who did more when it came to 25 specific infant and toddler care tasks, on average, the spouses of the male professors did all 25 more often, while the female professors did all 25 more often than their spouses. These findings likewise imply that gender-neutral parental leave may give male faculty an extra boost toward tenure: The temporary break from teaching and other academic tasks allows them to devote more time to research — time that their female counterparts devote instead to their children. One explanation for these findings could be that in the parental leave study, the female professors reported that they enjoyed doing most of these tasks, and they enjoyed them more than their male counterparts.
Ignoring the stronger female inclination to nurture seems certain to thwart feminist efforts well beyond academia. Sheryl Sandberg’s 2013 book Lean In has spawned lasting initiatives meant to spur the progress of women to positions of power in major corporations. To the same end, late last year, 27 CEOs of major corporations joined a new organization that seeks “gender parity at the top of major companies by 2030.”
Such efforts should benefit the many women, mothers included, who want full-time work and aim to rise to the top in their professions. Yet, as this essay will show, most women who have dependent children don’t want to work full-time, much less to put in the hours required of corporate titans. We should listen to these women, too.
Initiatives aimed at changing historic male and female parenting and work patterns are based on the view that these historic patterns are socially constructed. But pregnancy and childbirth are not gender-neutral activities. They are biologically constructed and can be exhausting. Pregnancy is often accompanied by nausea and fatigue, and two different studies found that six months after giving birth, more than 75 percent of mothers have not achieved full functional status.
Even the roots of gender differences in parenting run deeper than societal norms and go beyond the simple fact that it is women who breastfeed. Women’s greater inclination to nurture infants and toddlers is also rooted in hormones and in brain structure. Women’s bodies have more receptors for the nurturing hormone oxytocin than men’s, especially in pregnancy and during breastfeeding. More recent imaging research shows that mothers’ brains change during pregnancy and after birth in ways that seem to increase their “emotional attachment to their babies.”
Evolution, too, helps explain the sex differences in nurturing inclinations. Helen Fisher puts it this way:
But women don’t nurture children only out of anxiety and guilt. They also tend to enjoy it. In 2004, a 60 Minutes feature on highly educated, stay-at-home mothers attracted attention, in part, because the women seemed so happy with their choice.
Anne-Marie Slaughter has accomplished as much in her career as any woman of her generation. From a professor at Harvard Law school to president and CEO of New America, she has gone from one important position to another. But she may be best known for her 2012 Atlanticarticle, “Why Women Still Can’t Have It All.” After its publication, according to one official biography, it “quickly became the most-read article in the history of the magazine and helped spark a renewed national debate on the continued obstacles to genuine full male-female equality.”
A year later, dismayed by the increasing numbers of highly educated women in their twenties who were declaring that they never wanted to have children, Slaughter took to The Atlantic again to emphasize the “sheer delight, pleasure, and wonder that child-rearing often affords” before concluding that “having children is the best thing I’ve ever done, by a mile.”
Slaughter’s thinking has continued to evolve. Just last year, the Washington Post reported that she has had “some pretty significant changes of heart.” As the Post reports: “‘When people say, ‘I’m home with my kids,’ I say, ‘You’re doing really important work,’ and I mean it,” she says. “Whereas before, I was the classic woman that said, ‘Oh, what a pity.’ Like, ‘You’re not doing the real thing.’”
One can’t read this interview without seeing how hard it has been for Slaughter to have spent so little time with her children. She vividly remembers the “deep dismay” she felt the first time her child woke up at night and called for daddy, not mommy. Her sons are more likely to call her husband rather than her for advice or to share some good news. Looking back, she says:
Many young women seek Slaughter’s advice and mentorship. Her advice: “Don’t drop out, defer. . . . If you keep your hand in the workforce while you are devoting more of your time to care, it will be easier to ramp up than to get back in.”
That sounds a lot like part-time work to me. To be sure, Slaughter would likely give similar advice to men should they ask, and she would prefer to see an increase in the time men spend caregiving.
But differences in the inclination to nurture can help us understand why women are more torn about work-family issues than men, and why mothers are much more attracted to part-time work than fathers. In a 2013 Pew poll on modern parenthood, mothers with children under 18 were far more likely than fathers to say that ideally, they would work part-time or not at all. In 2015, Gallup reported similar findings.
The Pew findings show that the higher the socio-economic status of their families, the more likely mothers were to prefer not to work full-time. Elizabeth Becker and Cotton Lindsay note that the most intelligent married women work less than other women outside the home; they think assortative mating best explains the underrepresentation of female workers among top earners. That is, the brightest women marry the brightest men, who usually make very good incomes. When these women have children, they are more likely than other women to drop out of the labor force or cut back dramatically on paid work outside the home. When a husband’s high income allows women to arrange their work-family choice in the absence of significant financial constraints, bright women especially choose to spend more time with family.
More recent research shows that even now — when more women are obtaining college degrees than men — women still marry men whose income exceeds their own. Indeed, the tendency for women to marry up in income is greaterwhen the wife’s education level is higher than her husband’s than when it is lower.
Additional recent research by Joni Hersch shows that ”Married MBA mothers with a bachelor’s degree from the most selective schools are 30 percentage points less likely to be employed full-time than are graduates of less selective schools.” Hersch believes that ”Graduates of elite institutions are likely to have a greater range of workplace options,” so inflexible workplaces cannot explain her research results. It seems choice could. Since very bright people tend to marry each other, women with bachelor’s degrees from selective institutions are more likely to marry men with better incomes, which allows them to spend more time with their children without a huge financial sacrifice.
Would similar patterns hold in academia? The work of a team of researchers led by Camilla Benbow and David Lubinski suggests the answer is yes. They have published a series of important articles following children with high aptitude for science and math into their 30s. Many have ended up in research, often at universities. Among other things, Benbow and Lubinski investigated how much these talented Americans would be willing to work each week if they could work at their ideal job. On average, the men in the study were more willing to work 50, 60, or 70 hours a week at their ideal job than the women. The women were more than four times as likely as their male counterparts (30% versus 7%) to want to work less than 40 hours a week — even if they held their ideal job.
These talented men and women held some different values and interests when they were young teenagers. And their values were still different in their thirties: “Men as a group valued full-time work, making an impact, and earning a high income, whereas women as a group valued part-time work more often, as well as community and family involvement and time for close relationships.”
What might be done to help women in academia while enabling them to maintain the significant day-to-day time with their children many desire? One suggestion is to create half-time tenure-track positions available to both sexes. But such a policy might end up benefiting male professors more than female professors. The previously mentioned parental leave study found that spouses of male professors worked a median of about 8 hours a week, while spouses of female professors worked about 35 hours. The wives of male faculty are unlikely to object if their husbands’ “half-time” careers become full-time in practice if the additional time they allocate to research boosts their chances of tenure. Female faculty in a half-time role, who can seldom rely on a spouse to do the majority of childcare and housework, are unlikely to enjoy the same benefits.
Instead, what universities could do is discontinue their gender-neutral parental leave and tenure extension policies. If this requires legal changes, work to make them. Preferential treatment of women is justified even if one considers only the requirements of pregnancy, childbirth, and breastfeeding. It would certainly be reasonable to grant only female professors a semester of paid leave after the birth of a child. Male professors in highly unusual situations could petition for exceptions to this general policy.
Universities could also create some better-paid, more interesting part-time teaching and research positions with five-year contracts. These should be available to both women and men, but I would predict that a disproportionate number of women would end up in these jobs because a higher proportion of talented women than men will want part-time jobs.
Some years ago, a Harvard Ph.D. student in economics told me that Harvard would pay for full-time daycare for her baby, but she did not want to put her baby in daycare. She asked that the university, instead, provide a research assistant to do coding (a much cheaper proposition than full-time daycare) so that when she had time to work, she could do thinking and analysis. They refused. Given women’s preferences regarding work and family, and the public’s belief that parental care is best for babies, this sort of refusal is unfair to mother, child, and society.
To help women thrive and achieve happiness as they see it, we must first acknowledge that most mothers — inside or outside academia — want to avoid full-time work, at least while their children are young. Proponents of “leaning in” have no reason to believe they speak for most women or that they have a better understanding than women themselves of what’s good for them. Why not try to accommodate the life preferences women in fact have?
– Steven E. Rhoads is the Professor of Politics Emeritus at the University of Virginia and the author of Taking Sex Differences Seriously.



ARTICLE
It feels like 2009 all over again.
Eight years ago, a new president was in the White House, flanked by friendly congressional majorities and eyeing an overhaul of the American health-care system. That president and Congress intended to provide universal health-insurance coverage, by hook or by crook. Closed-door negotiations, procedural machinations, and veritable bribes (such as the infamous “Cornhusker Kickback,” “the Louisiana Purchase,” and the “Omaha Stakes”) ultimately put the Affordable Care Act on Barack Obama’s desk. He signed it on March 23, 2010, and ushered in seven years of mayhem: soaring premiums, the withdrawal of major insurers, the de facto collapse of the individual insurance market, and more.
Now, Republicans are rushing to repeat Democrats’ mistakes.
The Freaky Friday remake that Washington, D.C., is currently performing is not difficult to spot. Start with the sudden declarations of urgency. Speaker Paul Ryan insists that Republicans have no choice but to embrace the House GOP’s Obamacare-reform bill, the American Health Care Act. “This is the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare,” Ryan said earlier this month. “The time is here. The time is now. This is the moment.”
In his 2009 address to a joint session of Congress, a newly inaugurated President Obama was similarly definitive: “Let there be no doubt: Health-care reform cannot wait, it must not wait, and it will not wait another year.”
Obama’s urgency was misplaced, and Ryan’s is, too. There was time for the GOP to craft a strong alternative, to roll it out methodically, and to build support. But a mad rush is now on to push the American Health Care Act through Congress. Republicans unveiled the bill just over two weeks ago, and aim to vote it out of the House on Thursday. Senate leadership, despite firm opposition from several Republican senators, aims to force the legislation through its chamber next week, according to a recent report from Politico. The GOP hopes that the whole process will be wrapped up by Easter.
Democrats famously pushed Obamacare legislation to the president’s desk, thanks to maneuvering by then-Senate majority leader Harry Reid and to the budget-reconciliation process. Reid gave his chamber six days to debate the final version of the Senate bill, and most senators admitted that they didn’t even attempt to read all 2,700 pages. (Max Baucus suggested that doing so would be a “waste of time,” because the details were too complex for anyone but experts.)
But, as the Washington Examiner’s Philip Klein quipped on Twitter: “Obamacare was passed at the pace of Zootopia DMV sloths compared to this AHCA attempt.”
There is something to be said for political momentum — except that it’s not clear how much momentum Republicans have any more. For several years, there has been party-wide agreement that Obamacare needs to be gutted, but this ill-conceived effort has sapped much of that energy. A Politico/Morning Consult poll released on Wednesday morning showed that 41 percent of respondents approve of the AHCA, compared with 38 percent who disapprove. Approval has dropped slightly, and disapproval has risen since last week. These findings should not be over-interpreted — one in five respondents had no opinion of the bill — but even Republican support is tepid. Only 62 percent of Republicans are behind the bill. The AHCA probably does not threaten to galvanize a left-wing “Tea Party,” but Republicans seem oblivious to the dangers that can accrue to a party that pushes through large-scale legislation with only lackluster political support.
Finally, Republicans, despite promises of a “three-phase” legislative strategy, seem to be under the impression that they are about to wrap up our interminable health-care tussle. “There is no Plan B,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday, asked about reports that the AHCA lacks the requisite votes in the House and Senate. “There is Plan A, and there’s Plan A. We’re going to get this done.” Perhaps. But even if the AHCA is signed, health-care reform — according to the White House’s own plan — will not be “done.” Yet increasingly Republicans seem to think they are about to put a bow on the entire health-care debate.
And in that, too, they are sounding like Democrats: Just before the Obamacare exchanges opened for enrollment, in the fall of 2013, President Obama told a Maryland crowd: “We’re now only five days away from finishing the job.” Of course, Obamacare didn’t “finish the job” of reforming the nation’s health-care system (or even of providing universal coverage), and neither will Republicans’ plan. Nor will it free them from the political tangles of health-care policy. The remedy of at least one Republican senator, speaking anonymously to Politico this week, is to abandon the issue altogether: “Maybe the best outcome is for this to fail in the House so we can move on to tax reform. Which is what we should have done anyway.”
Memories are short, especially in politics. For seven years, Republicans have been railing — rightly — against Democrats’ health-care boondoggle. But now, finally in a position to clean up some of that mess, they are repeating many of Democrats’ mistakes.
When the means are so dispiriting, can the ends be much better?
— Ian Tuttle is the Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow at the National Review Institute.



ARTICLE
At 2:40 p.m. London time, a terrorist drove a vehicle into pedestrians on London’s Westminster Bridge. Then, reaching the north side of the bridge over the River Thames, he smashed into the gates of the British Parliament. Leaving his vehicle, he fought with police officers just inside a Parliamentary checkpoint. He was then shot and killed by armed police. Regrettably, before he died, the terrorist murdered one police officer and two other individuals and injured at least 20 others.
By utilizing a motor vehicle and knife and by targeting police (though this may have been pursuant to a desire to enter the Houses of Parliament), this assault follows Daesh (a.k.a. ISIS) methodology. And coincidentally or not, today is also the first anniversary of the Daesh attacks in Brussels. It is so far unclear whether the attack is linked to or inspired by Daesh — but I would bet very strongly that it is.
Regardless, British officials must now answer three pressing questions.
First, was the suspect operating alone or as part of a larger cell? Here, we must recognize that Britain’s terrorism environment is diverse. There are the loser-lone-wolfs in the vein of Omar Mateen, the Orlando nightclub shooter, but also skilled, multi-member cells. Daesh has previously planned highly compartmented, multi-stage attack plots in Europe. And in January 2016, it specifically threatened London’s Tower Bridge (not Westminster Bridge) and the then-prime minister, David Cameron. Authorities must quickly identify the suspect’s connections and learn whether (as with Daesh plots in France) he was advised by operatives abroad.
This leads us to the second question: Was the suspect known to the authorities? I suspect he was. British counterterrorism authorities retain a highly advanced database of jihadists and their sympathizers. This is helped by the fact that U.K. spy agencies have great latitude to identify and monitor terrorist suspects. The challenge, however, is that the number of terrorist suspects in Britain reaches into the thousands. Correspondingly, counterterrorism investigators must prioritize resources on those individuals they believe to pose the most significant threat. They cannot monitor everyone all the time. That said, if the suspect does turn out to be a known threat, political pressure will grow for a reintroduction of the now-defunct “control orders,” which imposed electronic tagging on terrorist suspects in lieu of prosecution.
Third, the U.K. must consider how well it responded today. While the Paris and Brussels attacks led the British to improve their response capacity to so-called roaming attacks, more must be done. Until now, the specific focus has been on investment in improved SWAT counterterrorism capabilities. But those efforts have been prioritized for London. Two immediate issues for the British are that the physical security of Parliament and the personal security of the British prime minister and the Queen are inadequate.
But further hardening of the capital’s defenses won’t solve the problem of other British localities lacking London’s counterterrorism resources. Specifically, they do not have enough armed police officers (most British police do not carry firearms). Any major attack outside London would thus likely require a response from two military special-forces units that are kept on permanent standby. But aside from small forward-deployed elements, both of those units are based in western and southern England, leaving much of the United Kingdom vulnerable.
All this said, British officials will tonight privately breathe a sigh of relief. An attack of this kind has been expected for years. But it was expected to be far worse. Fortunately, London’s first responders reacted with speed and exemplary courage. None more so than the officer who gave his life to defend his nation’s Parliament.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. Follow him on Twitter @TomRtweets. E-mail him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.



ARTICLE
‘Mend it, don’t end it” was Bill Clinton’s rhetorical straddle regarding affirmative action. Republican efforts to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) look increasingly like “mend it, don’t end it.”
The problem is not that, as is frequently said, no entitlement can be ended. The most consequential legislation of the 1990s, the 1996 welfare reform, repealed a portion of the 1935 Social Security Act, which, through Aid to Families with Dependent Children, conferred a lifetime entitlement to welfare. Perhaps entitlements for the middle class are immortal. We shall see, as Social Security and Medicare as currently configured approach insolvency.
Meanwhile, Republicans who repeatedly voted to repeal the ACA — before voters gave them congressional majorities and a president who would sign a repeal — now must replace it. They must do so in conditions that have changed since, and partly because of, the ACA.
It is unknowable whether Barack Obama produced an American consensus in favor of a government obligation to guarantee universal access to health insurance, or whether the debate surrounding the ACA merely catalyzed a gradually forming consensus. In any case, today’s debate about replacing the ACA is occurring in the context of that consensus. And in the context of several other new beliefs: Health insurance should not be denied because of an applicant’s pre-existing medical conditions. And federal law should provide a refundable tax-credit entitlement, and require that children up to age 26 be eligible for coverage under their parents’ insurance.
Furthermore, Republicans are insufficiently radical as they largely accept this third-party-payer system that distorts decisions about recourse to the health-care system: Upward of 180 million Americans are covered by employer-provided insurance, which is not taxed as what it obviously is — compensation. Republicans have abandoned a measure to treat as taxable income a small portion of the most generous employer-provided insurance plans, and have postponed for nearly a decade — meaning, probably, forever — the “Cadillac tax” on such plans.
Given all this, it is probable that whatever replaces the ACA’s tapestry of subsidies, regulations, and mandates will be a tapestry of subsidies, regulations, and mandates. The differences probably will constitute substantial improvements but will hardly constitute a revolution in the relation of the citizen, or the health-care sector, to the government.
Today, this sector is one-sixth of the American economy and larger than all but four national economies. It has been observed that if in 1900 America had had sophisticated national income statistics, the health-care sector would have been too negligible to notice: Most Americans then were born and died at home and rudimentary medicine was mostly for making sick persons as comfortable as possible while nature healed or killed them.
As a subject of political contention, medicine’s importance has risen rapidly with its competence. In 1900, 37 percent of American deaths were from infectious diseases; today 2 percent are. Medicine has advanced from the conquest of infectious diseases to the management of chronic ailments. And to the center of American politics.
Legislative bargaining often is additive: Supporters of legislation A endorse legislation B so that its advocates will reciprocate by supporting A. By this process a coalition (and government) grows. However, congressional bargaining about replacing/mending the ACA might become an exercise in subtraction. The debate is making clear that the expansion of a 52-year-old program, Medicaid, is the most important aspect of the seven-year-old ACA. Twenty Republican senators represent states that expanded Medicaid and face budget agonies if the expansion is abruptly reversed. But many Republican representatives and senators believe it should be. Perhaps this is a difference that can be split. If not, adding the support of some legislators will subtract that of others.
A religious skeptic in 19th-century England proposed carving three words over the portals of all the nation’s churches: “Important if true.” These words should be affixed to the Congressional Budget Office’s projections about how many more people will be uninsured in 2026 under Speaker Paul Ryan’s replacement proposal (24 million) and the effect of it on the deficit (a $337 billion reduction over ten years).
Conservatives warn against the fatal conceit of thinking that one can predict the consequences of comprehensive government interventions in complex systems. Now many Republicans say they know the CBO is wrong, and that they can structure incentives to accomplish more skillfully, and with less-comprehensive health-care planning, what the ACA attempted. This confidence is important, whether or not it is true.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
Why can’t United States senators, law-school deans, and journalists bother to understand or fairly characterize the legal doctrines they so vigorously oppose? This morning, Senator Dianne Feinstein — fresh from lecturing Neil Gorsuch on the novel constitutional concept of “super precedent” — purported to attack Judge Gorsuch’s legal philosophy by reading a question from a law-school dean:
Note what happened here. Feinstein’s dean went straight from a quote to a straw man, fundamentally mischaracterizing Scalia and originalist jurisprudence in one consequential sentence. First, Scalia’s consistent position wasn’t that the equal-protection clause offered “no protection” to women or gays, but rather that it did not offer special or extraordinary protection. For example, here he was dissenting in Romer v. Evans, a decision that struck down a Colorado constitutional amendment prohibiting local governments from outlawing discrimination based on sexual orientation:
And second, when discussing “originalism,” for the vast majority of originalists, the key isn’t “original intent” but rather a concept called “original public meaning.” Once again, here’s Scalia dissenting from an overreaching majority — this time in U.S. v. Virginia, a case requiring a public all-male military academy to open its doors to female cadets:
In other words, when the equal-protection clause was enacted, what were the words understood to mean? Were they understood to sweep away, say, restrictions on women in combat? Were they understood to mean that legislatures couldn’t enact laws that prohibit certain sexual practices? Drafters create a text, and that text has an original, understood meaning. That, in a nutshell is what “originalism” means. Or, if you prefer a master class from a far more esteemed source, here is Judge Gorsuch’s response to Senator Feinstein:
If you don’t have two minutes to watch, the core of his explanation is this:
The essence of originalism is answering this core question: What do the words on the page mean? It is not about making them mean what the judge wants them to mean. It is not about twisting, expanding, or redefining them to adjust their meaning. And to determine what the words mean, especially if the meaning is controversial, we must inquire into the original understanding of that meaning.
Here’s a dirty little secret of the federal bench: This is how the vast majority of cases are decided, regardless of the judge’s ideology. Indeed, in court opinion after court opinion you’ll find even the most liberal jurists referring back to the passage of the legislation at issue to understand its meaning.
This standard practice breaks down, however, at the cutting edge of left-wing ideology — especially as it pertains to the sexual revolution. Feinstein’s very next response to Gorsuch gave the game away. Rather than address what the words of the 14th Amendment are supposed to mean, she stampeded straight to her favored legal outcome, abortion rights, and talked about how she heard that women in college used to “pass the plate” to raise money to send friends to Mexico for abortions. This, of course, has nothing to do with the meaning of the words in the Constitution.
The lesson from the legal Left — a lesson I was very clearly taught by multiple professors in law school — is that when a case is of sufficiently critical social importance, standard rules of legal interpretation give way to the greater demands of social justice. Here’s how one judge put it to me in his chambers: “You should always know the law, and you should always know what’s right. Do what’s right.” This would be an appealing notion if judges possessed godlike powers of judgment, but they don’t; they’re flawed like every other human. So it’s an appalling abuse of power.
To smear Neil Gorsuch, the Left has created and attacked a straw man. Judge Gorsuch does not believe for example, that the equal-protection clause provides “no protection” to any class or category of American. Like Justice Scalia, one of his mentors, knew, he knows that all citizens are entitled to the considerable and invaluable protections outlined in the words of the 14th Amendment itself. If the Left wants to enhance or diminish those protections — or to create new rights and privileges entirely — it should win elections and pass laws, rather than looking to the court to pervert the Constitution.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
As previously noted by Paul Crookston at National Review Online (in “Religious Freedom for Me but Not for Thee?”), it is a mistake for Baptists, such as megachurch pastors Dean Haun and Mike Buster, to abandon the cause of religious liberty being led by Russell Moore, the president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission (ERLC). This is not only because the amicus brief signed onto by the ERLC was both legally sound and ultimately successful, but because the history of Baptists in America demands it. It was not so long ago that Baptists were “the Muslims” fighting for the right to construct their own houses of worship.
Moore received mixed responses last summer when he agreed with the ERLC’s position and publicly defended the religious rights of Muslims to construct mosques in the United States. Some at the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) called for the firing of any SBC official who supported the rights of Muslims to build mosques, and they recommended the removal of the ERLC’s name from the amicus brief. Some even went so far as to posit that Muslims do not deserve the same religious freedoms as Christians. Even though the U.S. district court of New Jersey has since ruled in favor of the mosque’s construction in Bernards Township, some corners of the SBC have continued to criticize Moore and the ERLC. Those Baptists continuing to oppose Moore should take time to consider the history of their spiritual forefathers.
While today we tend to think of America as the world’s beacon for religious liberty, a city on a hill, 17th- and 18th-century Baptists would have begged to differ. In the colonies, Baptist rejection of infant baptism was considered abhorrent by the established churches. To Anglicans, Congregationalists, and Presbyterians, this deviation from tradition was demonic and divisive.
Accordingly, Baptists endured harassment, including, fines, prohibition against their services, flogging, and even jail time. Massachusetts outlawed Baptists altogether in 1645, calling them “the troublers of churches in all places.” As a result of the government’s response, much of the populace developed a distinct hostility toward the Baptists.
This motivated many Baptists, and other non-Protestant minorities, to remain loyal to England throughout the American Revolution. It was hard to support a rebellion for “equality” of representation when many of the revolutionaries didn’t regard Baptists as religious equals. Baptists’ loyalist leanings only brought them further political animosity.
Isaac Backus, the famous Baptist preacher and statesman, attended the Continental Congress in 1774, seeking relief for his brethren. But most attendees labeled Backus an overly hysterical alarmist. John Adams even told Backus that a shift in the solar system was more likely than an end to the established church of Massachusetts. Thus, persecution against Baptists endured throughout the American Revolution. They continued to be taxed to support the established churches but received none of the revenue for themselves (a.k.a. taxation without representation).
Later, with massive Baptist support, Thomas Jefferson’s Virginia Statute for Establishing Religious Freedom (1786) enshrined the principle that “no man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever . . . nor shall otherwise suffer, on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion.” Thus began the idea of the wall of separation between civil and ecclesiastical affairs. The 1786 law provided important precedent for Madison’s First Amendment in 1789. Later, in their famous letter in 1801 to then President Jefferson, the Danbury Baptists expressed concern over a lack of explicit protection for their religious liberties in the Connecticut constitution. Jefferson’s reply, which drew heavily on Roger Williams’s formulation of a “hedge of separation,” solidified the “wall of separation” concept based on the establishment clause.
Despite these legislative victories, Baptists did not expect politicians to do the church’s work for them. They opposed hostility toward religion, but they did not jockey for government favors. Civil authorities, they believed, should simply protect free exercise of religion for all. They preferred to depend upon the power of God, rather than government, to accomplish the purposes of the church.
Isaac Backus and John Leland, another Baptist hero for religious liberty, spoke out for the freedom of the soul in behalf of Jews, Muslims, and atheists alike. The principle was that religious freedom is not a spoil of politics, to be divvied out to — and defined by — the highest bidder. This was the very “sin” of which Backus was accusing Massachusetts. Rather, as Russell Moore has said, religious freedom is a transcendent right, acknowledged by government but impossible to legislate into, or out of, existence.
Liberty of conscience was not only a natural right to Backus; it was also a spiritual, nonnegotiable reality that could not be controlled by any earthly institution. People could be forced into outward conformity and compliance, a fact of English history that Backus felt the Massachusetts legislature was too quick to forget, but men’s souls remained free. Anything else would be “lip service and vain worship,” as he called it. Moore echoed Backus at the SBC convention last summer when, responding to criticism regarding the amicus brief, he stated, “What it means to be Baptist is to support soul freedom for everybody.”
Coercion by outside forces to disobey one’s conscience would provide no excuse against divine judgment for the disobedient individual. In his 1773 pamphlet “An Appeal to the Public for Religious Liberty,” Backus noted that religion was “a voluntary obedience unto God which therefore force cannot promote.”
To control religion is to attempt to hamper the effectual call by God on the souls of men. Men must be allowed to seek reconciliation with the divine. And civil government, acting in just accordance with its ordained function, must protect this process. In this way, government, like the church, is concerned with the souls of its populace.
Like Backus, modern Baptists must simultaneously be patriots and Christians, advocates for individual freedom of conscience while appealing to the souls of men to seek reconciliation with God. In this dual role, Baptists recognize that man’s ultimate good is union with Christ, that man is personally responsible before God, and that government is ordained by God. Everyone, including Muslims, is made in the image of God, possessing inherent dignity that is expressed in and through human capacity to hold sincere religious beliefs. This was clearly evident to Backus, and should be more evident to modern Baptists who have enjoyed living in a pluralistic society in existence for centuries.
The hypocrisy of those who criticize interfaith alliances for common purposes, like the alliance in the New Jersey mosque case, is that while they accuse such coalitions of putting politics before God, their underlying motive is to use the government to bolster and secure the faith of their choice. In reality, they are dishonoring the Baptist tradition of religious liberty established by those before them. What’s more, their position is short-sighted. Given the present shift in American demographics, it might not be too long before the Baptists are once again a powerless minority. And this time, it might be Muslims before whom they are pleading for “soul freedom.”
As the foundation of all our civil liberties, religious freedom is not and cannot be a Christian privilege only. We should eagerly work with our fellow citizens of other faiths to preserve this liberty, not because we agree on who God is, but because we do agree that the government does not get to answer that question for us. The type of coalition-building employed in the New Jersey mosque case mirrors the strange partnership that arguably established religious freedom itself in America (for instance, with Jefferson and the Danbury Baptists).
We should commend current leaders like Russell Moore who are furthering this facet of the Baptist tradition. Indeed, their efforts not only honor the Baptists who suffered for the cause of religious freedom, but they also coincide with the SBC doctrinal statement, which says that in order to bring earthly institutions “under the sway of the principles of righteousness, truth, and brotherly love . . . Christians should be ready to work with all men of good will in any good cause.”
— Timon Cline is a lifelong Baptist.
Editor’s Note: An earlier version of this article was originally published at Conciliar Post.



ARTICLE
Democratic politics is riven by a central conflict: the conflict between truth and desire. People generally want things; they want government to give them those things. Conservatives aren’t wrong when they say they can’t compete with Santa Claus — it’s far harder to draw voters to your side by telling them they won’t get something than by telling them that they’ll get real estate on the moon.
But thankfully, there is another human tendency that helps counteract the desire to receive from the government: the natural outrage at being lied to. Human beings aren’t fond of being promised the moon and then delivered moldy cheese.
This means that voters will support politicians who lie credibly, then turn radically on those politicians when those lies don’t work out. The result: a wildly variant politics in which nobody ever tells the truth — because telling the truth means avoiding the promises that get you elected.
The Founders laid out a way of dealing with this conflict between wanting to be lied to and hating to be lied to: They attempted to minimize the benefit of lying for politicians. Limited government made lying less worthwhile. Who would believe that a politician would use the government to provide “free” things when the government itself was banned from providing free things?
But with the rise of progressive government beginning in the early 20th century, the central conflict at the root of democracy took hold. For generations, conservatives struggled with the temptation to simply lie for political convenience and pay the cost later. Some, like Nixon, campaigned on big-government promises and paid for it with big-government failures. Others, like Reagan, campaigned on small-government truths and benefited from keeping their promises.
Now, however, the struggle seems to be over.
President Trump represents the notion, ascendant in Republican circles, that the only way to win elections is to fib to the American people. Power is its own justification, and there is no better way to demonstrate power than by promulgating a big lie. That fits with Trump’s view of the world, in which success is its own virtue.
Trump spent most of his adulthood attempting to win friends and admirers in the upper-crust circles of Manhattan; he struggled with the fact that he was treated as a nouveau riche vulgarian. His solution: Embrace the vulgarity, brag about victories he never won, and turn the art of the sell into his persona. For Trump, the greatest sin isn’t lying or cheating: It’s losing. That’s why he spends an inordinate amount of verbiage calling his opponents “losers” or “failing,” as though victory and defeat amount to some sort of moral status.
After eight years of President Obama, many Republicans were prepared to embrace Trump’s ethos. That became particularly apparent after Mitt Romney’s 2012 defeat, which Republicans attributed not to his overly cerebral civility but to his fundamental decency. The theory became prevalent in conservative circles that Romney had lost not only because he wouldn’t fight hard enough but also because he wouldn’t fight dirty enough. Establishment conservatives conflated civility and decency; anti-establishment conservatives made the same mistake. Instead of stating that a less civil but similarly decent candidate could have won in 2012, anti-establishment conservatives concluded that it would take an uncivil, indecent person to defeat Democrats.
And that, of course, was the ultimate purpose: defeating Democrats. Not truth, not a enacting a conservative agenda, but defeating Democrats: the lesser of two evils. Sure, Trump would make big-government promises, sound like a statist on health care and trade and economics. But he’d win, don’t you see? And his dishonesty would all be worthwhile, since he’d then pursue policies conservatives would like.
Trump’s victory rewarded that theory. But the theory is untenable.
It’s untenable because conservatives don’t seek the same policy results that leftists do. That means that Trump’s promises are bound to come up empty. And that means that Trump and the Republicans have placed themselves back on the horns of an ancient dilemma: They can lie to the people by promising them free things, but those things won’t materialize.
That, after all, is exactly what happened to President Obama. Obama remained personally popular for his entire presidency. But his chief achievements are on the verge of destruction because he lied: He told people they could have everything, and then he delivered less than that. He told Americans that they could keep their doctors if they liked them; they couldn’t. He told Americans that they would not see rising premiums; they did. He said that he’d be fiscally responsible, but at the same time, he was blowing out the budget. His lies caught up with him.
And if Republicans lie — as they have, in making guarantees about health care that mirror Democrats’ lies — they’ll pay the price, too.
There are only two directions from here: up and down.
Up: Americans realize that politicians who guarantee them free things are lying to them, and they react by re-enshrining the Founders’ bargain, limiting government to minimize the impact of lying politicians.
Down: Americans distrust everyone in politics but simultaneously embrace the lies of their own side, justifying tissue-thin conspiracy theories that put the other side at a disadvantage, breaking down the social fabric and the political discourse until all faith in the system disappears completely.
The choice is up to us. But whether we like it or not, truth will have its day. We can either acknowledge and celebrate the fact that power isn’t worth sacrificing truth, or we can lose both power and truth in the worshipful pursuit of power alone.
— Ben Shapiro is the editor in chief of the Daily Wire.



ARTICLE
If FBI agents have time to track down Tom Brady’s stolen Super Bowl jerseys, why can’t they bring back AWOL convicted cop-killer Assata Shakur?
It is time for one of the agency’s most wanted women in the world to pay her dues. And President Trump is just the man to force this militant and unrepentant escapee to face justice.
Forty years ago this week, a New Jersey jury convicted Joanne D. Chesimard – a.k.a. Assata Shakur — on first-degree murder, assault, and other charges in the 1973 traffic-stop execution of state trooper Werner Foerster and wounding of trooper James Harper. She received a life (plus 30 years) sentence.
But instead of serving behind bars, Shakur has led the pampered life of a “political fugitive” in socialist Cuba after her radical Black Liberation Army buddies busted her out of prison. The late Fidel Castro’s regime provided the fugitive murderer and social-justice vigilante an apartment, stipends, books, and funding for graduate school.
As she ages in comfort, the BLA’s self-styled mother hen is now a campus icon among the Black Lives Matter generation. She’s a T-shirt, a poster, an Internet meme. Just last week at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, minority students convened an “Assata Shakur Reading Group” — which the school newspaper described as a “biweekly book club for people of color that focuses on radical, black activism.”
Activism? Try blood-stained domestic terrorism. At the time of Foerster’s murder, the BLA had been tied to the murders of more than 10 police officers across the country. Before the turnpike shootout, the BLA had ambushed two pairs of NYPD officers in a 48-hour spree, killing two of them; murdered another cop in Atlanta; and executed another pair of NYPD officers in 1972.
Chesimard, her brother-in-law Zayd Shakur (who died in the gunfight with Foerster and Harper), and another BLA member were wanted for questioning in the murder of two of those cops when they were stopped.
BLA’s “sole goal,” domestic-terrorism expert and author Bryan Burrough noted in an interview for my new CRTV.com investigative program on Shakur, “was assassinating policemen.” When BLA thugs ambushed rookie NYPD officers Rocco Laurie (who was white) and Greg Foster (who was black) while they walked the beat in the East Village in 1972, they didn’t just shoot them. They stood “over them and just continue(d) to shoot into their bodies, into their heads” after they lay dead in the snow, Burrough recounted.
Retired FBI agent and Morris County, N.J., sheriff James Gannon further schooled the ignorant: “This is not a soccer mom, this is a woman who was involved in very high-end, very violent crimes.”
Joseph Connor, whose father, Frank, was murdered by the BLA-aligned Puerto Rican terrorist group FALN in 1975, added that these violent left-wing extremists were far from freedom-loving peaceful protesters: “They were looking to subjugate people beneath them. They weren’t looking to free people, they were looking to murder people, they were looking to cause mayhem.”
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has vowed to use trade policy to pressure Cuba to extradite Shakur and scores of other convicted criminal fugitives back to the United States. President Trump, who ushered in a new era of respect for law enforcement after eight years of President Obama’s coddling of the social-justice mob, should get this deal done before yet another grim anniversary passes.
Every day they wait is another day the Left’s violent movement for “armed struggle” against our men and women in blue festers with impunity.
“Cop-killer Assata Shakur: The FBI’s Most Wanted Women in the World,” debuts March 22 on CRTV.com’s “Michelle Malkin Investigates.”
— Michelle Malkin’s e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com.



ARTICLE
There’s a new ban. From the end of this week, passengers on certain airlines traveling from varied Muslim-majority nations in the Middle East and North Africa to the U.S. and Britain will have to check their laptop-sized electronic devices.
The U.S. and the U.K. say the restrictions are motivated by generalized threat assessments rather than new, specific intelligence. And that may well be true. It’s notable, for example, that there are distinct differences between the U.S. and the British bans. Both include flights from Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey, but the U.K. ban includes all air carriers (including those that are British-flagged). The U.S. ban includes only foreign-owned carriers. Additionally, only the U.S. ban includes Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates. And only the U.K. ban includes flights from Lebanon and Tunisia. These divergences evidence distinct airport-threat assessments from the British and U.S. intelligence communities.
But it’s clear that there’s more to this story. For a start, this ban is no small inconvenience. It will prevent entertainment and business on major long-haul flight routes. It will thus cause economic inefficiencies and passenger dissatisfaction. Moreover, it risks diplomatic outcry from affected states. Turkey has already protested. Most compelling, though, is the simultaneous U.S.-U.K. action. As the two closest partners in the “Five Eyes” intelligence-sharing relationship, the U.S. and the U.K. exchange any relevant counterterrorism intelligence reports.
In that context, I suspect that the primary concern here is al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). First, AQAP has the most credible access to airport facilities in Saudi Arabia. It was also the target of a recent, controversial U.S. counterterrorism raid in Yemen. U.S. officials have said that raid was intended to gather intelligence specific to threats against the West. AQAP is also the global leader in airborne improvised explosive devices (IEDs). Defined by its bomb-making maestro, Ibrahim al-Asiri, AQAP has long been determined to smuggle explosives onto a Western airliner. And Asiri has shown remarkable innovation. His previous attack methodologies have included IEDs hidden in printers, underwear, and his brother’s rectum. But Asiri’s main skill is in turning commonly transported objects into hard-to-detect IEDs. Hence his interest in the bulky laptop. Western concerns have escalated in the aftermath of the near-catastrophic bombing of a Somali airliner in February 2016. The party responsible in that incident, al-Shabaab, was able to smuggle an IED on board, some reports say, via a laptop.
Nevertheless, the varied inclusion of Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, and Tunisia in the two bans also suggests the involvement of Syrian-based terrorist organizations. While the Daesh (ISIS) threat is proved by its November 2015 IED downing of an Egypt-to-Russia flight, it is far from the only Syria-related concern. Reports in recent years also point to Asiri sharing his craft with al-Qaeda’s Syrian affiliate, now named Tahrir al-Sham (which pretends it is not al-Qaeda but actually is).
Regardless, the truth is that passenger airliners — especially those traveling to the West — remain a fetishized target for many different transnational Salafi-jihadist groups. That’s because the jihadists see these attacks as the best way to replicate the effects of 9/11. Those attacks are lauded by jihadists for their indiscriminate and bloody nature (many Westerners got on planes and then disappeared), symbolic impacts (Western capitalism and freedom were rendered vulnerable), and their second- and third-order effects (civilian fear, damage to the economy, and expensive changes to civil society). The 9/11 attacks also made al-Qaeda the go-to global jihadist brand. And in 2017, with Daesh and al-Qaeda competing for the prestigious post of global jihadist top dog, airliners again represent a salivating target.
Still, there is something weird about the U.S. ban. Unlike the U.K.’s, the U.S. ban excludes U.S. airliners from the listed nations. But while U.S. carriers do tend to cooperate with U.S. counterterrorism authorities more than foreign airlines do, the threat to the American airliners is not substantially smaller. On the contrary, it may even be greater: Terrorists would prefer to blow up an American airliner rather than a passenger jet from a Muslim-majority country. And whatever the airline, an IED-bearing bomber will not be on the no-fly list. He (or she) will be an apparently law-abiding member of the public with all his paperwork in order. Quite possibly, as was likely intended in al-Qaeda’s 2006 transatlantic plot, the terrorist may take his child with him, to avoid scrutiny. Sparing U.S. carriers from these restrictions does not seem prudent.
Ultimately, these bans are not simply about security. They are about political cover. Western authorities know that a terrorist will someday succeed in bringing down a Western airliner. Hence the limits and restrictions on what passengers can take into a plane’s passenger cabin. Yes, cell phones and baby solution will still be carry-on items, but cell phones and baby solution can also hide different types of bombs. The authorities must believe that would be a ban too far. Instead, this ban offers a preemptive effort by the authorities to say, “Look, we tried our best.”
In the end, the best way to protect passenger jets is to eliminate bomb-makers such as Ibrahim al-Asiri.
— Tom Rogan is a columnist for Opportunity Lives and National Review, a former panelist on The McLaughlin Group, and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. E-mail him at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */.



ARTICLE
Activist federal judges in Hawaii and Maryland have issued rulings blocking the Trump administration’s second executive order (EO) limiting travel to the U.S. from certain unstable, dangerous countries. Per the courts, these orders will supposedly prohibit potential religious discrimination until the complainants’ case can be heard on the merits. However, they do nothing of the sort. In fact, they simply offer more of the same flawed reasoning found in the orders blocking implementation of the first “travel ban,” EO-13769. They also demonstrate the dangers that emerge when the courts appoint themselves enforcers of an anti-borders orthodoxy, rather than performing their constitutionally assigned function as the interpreters of existing legal precedent.
The Trump administration succeeded on a platform that promised immigration enforcement. But those who oppose the president seem determined to use the courts to nullify any changes to the dangerously lax Obama immigration policies. Unfortunately, the courts have been all too willing to oblige — completely ignoring the fact that, since the dawn of the Republic, the judiciary has firmly held that presidential action with regard to immigration is virtually immune from review. That leaves the president facing a constitutional crisis that could alter the way the executive branch responds to immigration issues.
On February 19, in Washington v. Trump, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a temporary restraining order (TRO), issued by the federal district court in Seattle, preventing the Trump administration from implementing EO-17369. The TRO had been requested by the states of Washington and Minnesota, based on dubious claims that they would suffer irreparable harm if the EO was implemented as written.
Instead of fully addressing the pertinent issues, the Ninth Circuit glossed over numerous separation-of-powers problems. Instead, the court focused on its belief that the EO might discriminate on the basis of religion, despite the lack of any evidence to support that contention, and the fact that all relevant precedent indicates that the court lacks any authority to conduct such a review.
Previously, on February 13, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia (EDV), in Aziz v. Trump, issued a preliminary injunction barring the implementation of the “travel ban” in that district. That decision came on the heels of one issued on February 3 by the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, in Loughhalam v. Trump, which reached the opposite conclusion. In a well-reasoned opinion, rife with relevant precedent, Judge Nathaniel Gorton “decline[d] to encroach upon the ‘delicate policy judgment’ inherent in immigration decisions.”
While ignoring the Loughalam holding, the media lauded the Ninth Circuit and EDV decisions as open-borders triumphs. Yet the District of Massachusetts acted on solid legal reasoning, unlike its sister courts. The press also failed to take into account that the Ninth Circuit is the most overturned court in the U.S. Accordingly, should another circuit reach the merits of a complaint related to the EO, its decision is much more likely to resemble Loughalam than either Washington v. Trump or Aziz.
The defective analysis employed by the Ninth Circuit and the EDV appears to be a deliberate attempt to bend the law to achieve a politically correct conclusion. Such an action is problematic, as it impedes President Trump in his legitimate attempts to ensure the security and safety of the American people. However, these decisions also have far deeper constitutional implications.
In Federalist No. 47, James Madison famously observed: “The accumulation of all powers legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, . . . may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny.” Under our constitutional framework, the role of the courts is to interpret the law using established doctrine. They are set up to receive and interpret legal information, delivering consistent, transparent opinions. However, they are ill disposed to handle the type of covert information-gathering, situational analysis, and moment-by-moment decision-making regularly undertaken by the executive branch in the conduct of national defense and international relations.
Therefore, the political branches have wide latitude to take action on immigration, with limited review by the courts. This is called the plenary-power doctrine. Accordingly, the Ninth Circuit should have stated that it lacked jurisdiction to review the respondents’ claims, quashed the lower court’s TRO, and remanded the case for a dismissal of the complaint. Instead, it legislated from the bench, with the EDV, and later Hawaii and Maryland, following suit. All these courts have attempted to redefine the executive’s role with regard to immigration. The president’s primary responsibility in the immigration context has always been the maintenance of American sovereignty and the protection of U.S. citizens. However, the Ninth Circuit and EDV decisions replace that constitutional responsibility with an obligation to protect “constitutional rights” allegedly possessed by foreigners outside the United States. The recent Hawaii and Maryland decisions rely on the same tortured logic.
All the EO decisions are part of a disturbing trend in constitutional jurisprudence: the judicial dissolution of the separation of powers, combined with the creation of judge-made “rights” that do not flow directly from the Constitution or valid legislation. This phenomenon can be clearly seen in the Supreme Court’s decision in Boumediene v. Bush, where it held that foreign enemy combatants may access the federal courts to challenge their detention after being captured during combat operations.
While the legal challenges to the latest immigration EO may appear to be a gritty but straightforward debate over immigration policy, they actually represent a judicial repudiation of fundamental constitutional principles in favor of an internationalist agenda. If the courts of the U.S. were to expand on the aberrant Boumediene holding (as they appear to be doing) when deciding immigration executive-order cases, they would give overseas aliens, with no prior connection to the United States, the right to challenge every action by executive-branch officials. As a result, the U.S. would no longer be a sovereign nation. Control over its borders would be transferred to the citizens of foreign states, in the form of a legally enforceable right to be admitted to the U.S. The recognition of such a right by American courts would also act as a brake on the power of thepolitical branches to conduct foreign relations, repel foreign invasions, and prescribe the conditions under which aliens may be admitted to and remain in the U.S. The fate of the Republic could hang in the balance.
Because the courts seem perfectly willing to legislate immigration policy from the bench, the Trump administration is in for a long fight with broad implications for American concepts of self-governance. If handled correctly, that conflict could lead to a government-wide renaissance in traditional federalism. Handled badly, it may result in the imposition of an internationalist kritarchy (judge-directed government) that advances utopian interests over the national-security concerns of the American people.
— Matt O’Brien is the former chief of the National Security Division within the Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. He has also served as the assistant chief counsel in the New York district of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. He is currently the director of research at the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR).



ARTICLE
No matter how the White House tries to spin the testimony of FBI director James Comey to the House Intelligence Committee on Monday, the damage can’t be denied. Though it merely confirmed what everyone already knew, Comey’s statement that an investigation into possible collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign has been going on since last summer provides ammunition for the president’s critics. Even more than Comey’s willingness to add his voice to those officials who have dismissed the president’s foolish tweets about the alleged wiretapping of Trump Tower, the FBI inquiry gives a measure of credence to the conspiracy theories about Russia that liberals have been using to undermine the president.
The probe may find absolutely nothing that justifies the suspicions. Indeed, given that the government sources that leaked the first information about surveillance of Trump-campaign figures to the New York Times admitted they had found no evidence to back up the charge of collusion, it is entirely likely that the FBI effort will eventually come up empty. But the existence of the probe is enough to cast a shadow over a presidency that is already floundering because of the president’s self-inflicted wounds and the chaos engendered by the palace intrigue that has engulfed the White House.
But despite the seriousness of the administration’s predicament, it is still worthwhile pointing out that one key element of the Democratic narrative about Trump and Russia is still utter nonsense. The notion that Russian efforts succeeded in stealing the presidential election from Hillary Clinton has no basis in fact.
As both Comey and Admiral Michael Rogers of the National Security Agency affirmed, there is no doubt that the Russians undertook activities designed to undermine faith in American democracy. It is equally true that the Putin regime preferred to see Trump rather than Clinton elected president of the United States. But the notion that these dots must somehow connect in a plot between Trump and Putin to steal the election requires faith in the sort of discredited claims (such as the Steele dossier) and conspiracy theories that Democrats laughed at when they were put forward by the far Right against Obama.
Yet Democrats are making progress toward achieving a more realistic goal: casting doubt on the legitimacy of Trump’s presidency by claiming, as almost all Democratic members asserted during the Comey hearing, that it was Putin’s intervention that put him over the top.
As with the collusion scenarios, there is a certain superficial logic to that assertion. Since Trump won a majority of Electoral College votes by virtue of some close victories in swing states — a mere 80,000 votes flipped from Trump to Clinton in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin would have handed her the presidency — it’s possible to claim that any one of a number of factors proved decisive. But even if we concede that to be true, the idea that the Russians were one such factor requires not merely a leap of imagination but a case of amnesia about events that took place only a few months ago.
When Democrats speak of Russian intervention working to defeat Clinton, they are referring to only one thing: the WikiLeaks documents dump. If the Russians did try to hack into the vote counts or to actively sabotage Democratic campaign work, including the Clinton camp’s sophisticated get-out-the-vote and micro-targeting efforts, they failed. But they were able to purloin the e-mails of the Democratic National Committee and Clinton-campaign chairman John Podesta.
The release of those e-mails was embarrassing, but Democrats forget that there was very little in any of them that was directly tied to Clinton. We learned that DNC chairwoman Representative Debbie Wasserman Shultz did her best to help Clinton against the Bernie Sanders insurgency, a revelation that cost the Florida congresswoman her job. We also found out a lot about what Podesta thought about the rest of the Clinton-campaign staff, which, no doubt, created a lot of ill feeling among the cast of thousands working at Hillary’s lavish Brooklyn headquarters. But does anyone seriously believe this changed any votes in November? Were the white working-class voters of the Rust Belt states who unexpectedly tipped the election to Trump so disillusioned by anything Podesta or Wasserman Schultz did that they abandoned the Democrats? No.
The WikiLeaks documents that did impact Clinton directly were those that revealed the transcripts of some of her Goldman Sachs speeches. One such document made it clear that the Democratic candidate was friendlier to Wall Street than she claimed to be when competing with Sanders for liberal votes in the primaries. But even taking that into account, does anyone in the Clinton camp really think voters didn’t already know that their candidate had spent many years cultivating her Wall Street donors?
If voters didn’t trust Clinton, it was not because of anything WikiLeaks revealed but was rather the result of the Democrat’s unwillingness to tell the truth — or even keep her story straight — about her e-mail scandal or claim that the terror attack on the American consulate in Benghazi was the work of angry film critics. It was not WikiLeaks that gave her a reputation for mendacity but rather the revelations in Peter Schweizer’s Clinton Cash and subsequent follow-ups by the New York Times and Washington Post about the conflicts of interest involving Clinton Foundation donors and her work at the State Department.
More importantly, it must also be remembered that the stories about WikiLeaks document dumps were repeatedly overshadowed by Trump’s scandals. In particular, the publication of Podesta’s e-mails were almost immediately overshadowed by the discovery days later of the Entertainment Tonight video in which Trump was heard to boast of behavior that amounted to sexual assault. Nothing that WikiLeaks put out got a fraction of the coverage during the campaign as that video did. The same can be said for the way Trump’s insult of a Gold Star family knocked earlier WikiLeaks dumps out of the news.
Why did Clinton lose Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin when all three states were assumed to be in her column? Perhaps her failure to prioritize campaign visits in these states was decisive? Or maybe it was just her failure to put forward a coherent economic message? Or perhaps the problem was the Democrats’ obsession with identity politics alienated part of their old working-class base. Then there is the fact that Clinton was a terrible candidate. And, though liberals and even many conservatives are loath to admit it, Trump’s ability to energize his base in a way more-qualified Republicans had failed to do in the previous two presidential cycles was a factor that almost all pundits underestimated.
But of all the possible factors, the notion that Russian hacking of John Podesta’s e-mails was the real reason for Trump’s astonishing victory requires a suspension of disbelief that goes beyond blind partisanship.
Whatever the Russians did or didn’t do, Hillary Clinton lost and Donald Trump won the 2016 election on their own. Congress and the FBI do well to investigate what the Russians were up to last year. But claims that they stole the election are the laments of sore losers, not the product of rational analysis.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributor to National Review Online.



ARTICLE
‘If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.”
These words come from an 1816 letter written by Thomas Jefferson — one of our most influential Founding Fathers, but not the father of the United States Constitution. That title belongs to James Madison — and less than a third of American college graduates know this.
But it’s not just Madison’s nickname that proves a problem for students. It’s the content and basic principles of the Constitution itself.
Sixty percent of college graduates don’t know any of the steps necessary to ratify a constitutional amendment. Fifty percent don’t know how long the terms of representatives and senators are. Forty percent didn’t know that Congress has the power to declare war.
Such dismal trends continue after graduation: Forty-three percent of Americans don’t know that the First Amendment gives them the right to freedom of speech, and a full third can’t identify a single right it gives them.
Our nation is experiencing a crisis in civic education. A 2016 American Council of Trustees and Alumni report showed that, even though nearly all twelfth-grade students took a course in civics, less than a quarter of them passed a basic examination at “proficient” or above. The crisis extends to higher education as well. In a survey of over 1,000 liberal-arts colleges, only 18 percent include a course in U.S. history or government as part of their graduation requirements. Even at George Washington University, you don’t have to take a course in U.S. history to graduate.
As shocking as the above-mentioned statistics are, they represent only the surface of the problem. What we are facing is not merely a crisis of knowledge, a need to memorize more facts, or a lack of understanding of how to properly engage. What we are really facing is a crisis of worldview.
The statistics in the ACTA report come after 15 years of concerted investment in civic education. As such appalling numbers show, this investment made little difference: Most Americans fail not only to retain basic facts but also to grasp why understanding these things even matters.
As a nation, we have fallen prey to the impossible expectation Jefferson counseled against over 200 years ago. A government by the people, for the people, and of the people is only as wise, as just, and as free as the people themselves. Ignorance and indifference inevitably erode our freedoms and destroy our republic. It is not without cause that our national discourse in recent years has been so histrionic and hateful.
Indeed, the sheer growth and spread of the federal government shows that we have lost the trail the Founders blazed. The Department of Education exemplifies both this problem and its results. At its core, true education is more than facts and figures. It engages and enriches the soul. It rightly orients one to understand his or her place in the world, to pursue truth and beauty, and, perhaps most important, to understand why the pursuit of these things matters — not just for occupational production, but to know how to live.
It is this knowledge that makes self-governance possible. It is this knowledge that made us the freest nation in the world. It is this knowledge that will maintain our freedoms. All the government money, programs, and agencies in the world cannot teach this knowledge. They’re not equipped to do so, and the Founders understood this.
Over the course of the past century, the role of education in government and the role of government in education have become increasingly muddled. Our current education system little resembles the intent of the Founders. For these men, education was a responsibility delegated to the people, not a right provided by the government. When George Washington petitioned for the creation of a national university, his request was denied on the grounds that education was not a power outlined in the Constitution. Our current Department of Education, with its expansive regulations and reach, would be incomprehensible and insupportable to the Framers of our Constitution.
This refusal to allow the federal government to interfere in education, however, did not stem from a low view of education. Indeed, these men viewed education as vital to forming the kind of virtuous and active citizens who could successfully govern themselves. In 1822 Madison wrote:
And the organization of education in the early part of our nation’s history indicates this belief as well. The Land Ordinance of 1785 decreed that one 36th of every new township in the territories would be set apart for a locally governed public school. Two years later, the Northwest Ordinance reaffirmed the importance of education for the fledgling Republic:
Although the Northwest Ordinance is recognized as one of the “organic laws” of our nation’s founding, it is hard to imagine such a statement coming out of today’s Department of Education. For the federal government, education is metrics: an increasingly complex set of measurable, quantifiable standards designed to prepare students for productivity (production) in the workforce. It ignores the soul and is anathema to the development of virtue, which is the lifelong process of seeking and loving truth, and without which no human can live a genuinely satisfying life. Education is fundamentally a spiritual and moral undertaking — and as such, it is well beyond the capabilities of the federal government to teach.
As we seek to reinvigorate our nation’s education, we must consider the Founders’ approach. They wisely left the responsibility for education to local entities. We must return it to its rightful place. We must also recognize, as they did, what the proper end of education is. Merely cramming students with facts about our government or commanding them to engage in community service will not make them the kind of virtuous citizens our republic needs. We need citizens who understand liberty and justice, who objectively pursue truth, and who will ardently champion these values in the public square. Only a holistic form of education that takes the content and the context, the vision and the values, of our Founders into account can create such citizens and preserve their freedom in the generations to come.
— David Fouse is a partner and lead strategist with The Pinkston Group, a public-relations firm in Northern Virginia.



ARTICLE
Funny thing about American manufacturing: The good news about what’s happening at American factories often sounds like bad news to politicians.
American factories are one of the wonders of the world, and, in spite of what President Donald Trump, Senator Bernie Sanders, and other lightly informed populists claim, they are humming. U.S. manufacturing output is about 68 percent higher today in real terms (meaning inflation-adjusted terms) than it was before NAFTA was enacted; manufacturing output is about double in real terms what it was in the 1980s and more than three times what it was in the 1950s. As our factories grow more efficient, output per man-hour has grown, too, which is what troubles the populists and demagogues: Our factories employ a much smaller share of the U.S. work force than they once did.
But it is important to keep in mind: That growth in manufacturing output did not come in spite of the decline in factory employment but partly because of it. Automation not only makes current production more efficient but also makes it easier to improve efficiency in the future: More heavily automated factory processes are much easier to upgrade than are those heavily dependent on human labor.
The complaint usually goes something like this: “What good is that increased output if it comes at the expense of good manufacturing jobs?” Often, this will be accompanied by fictitious claims about Henry Ford’s paying his workers more so that they could afford to buy his cars, a complete invention that is one of the favorite myths of economic populists of Left and Right.
Here, we need a little bit less Milton Friedman and a little more Marcus Aurelius: “What is this thing in itself? What is its purpose? What does it do?”
The purpose of an automobile factory is not to “create jobs,” as the politicians like to say. Its function is not to add to the employment rolls with good wages and UAW benefits, adding to the local tax base and helping to sustain the community — as desirable as all those things are. The purpose of an automobile factory is not to create jobs — it is to create automobiles. Jobs are a means, not an end. Human labor is valuable to the extent that it contributes to human prosperity and human flourishing, not in and of itself as a matter of abstraction.
There are cases in which this is so obvious that practically everybody understands it. When we talk about building new pipelines (and good on the Trump administration for getting out of the way of getting that done), our progressive friends sometimes sniff that many of the new jobs associated with that work are “temporary.” (“Temporary jobs” is a phrase usually delivered with a distinct sniff.) Here is a little something to consider: Unless you are building the Second Avenue Subway in New York City, all construction jobs are temporary — buildings get built. Projects come to completion, and work gets finished. It is in the nature of construction jobs to come to an end. And it is not only construction: A technology-industry friend attending the recent National Review Ideas Summit in Washington bluntly shared the view from Silicon Valley: “All jobs are temporary.”
Consider this thought experiment: Say that a Star Trek fan manages to invent something like the replicator from that science-fiction series, meaning that all purely material desires can be more or less fulfilled instantly: “Tea, Earl Grey, hot!” and that’s that. Such an invention would be devastating for the employment prospects of billions of people, including pretty much everyone on Earth not working in a purely service-oriented or intellectual capacity along with a great many people working in service jobs, too: There are no chai wallahs on the Enterprise.
But we would be enormously better off in real terms. There would be no expensive prescription drugs, no shortage of Pappy Van Winkle, no scarcity of ordinary consumable goods at all. Presumably, you could have Michelangelo’s Pietà — arguably the most beautiful thing made by a man so far — in your backyard, provided you could figure out a way to move it there. (Job opportunities, after all!) You could have three of them, if you liked, or three dozen. You could pour a nice 1982 Bordeaux over your Fruity Pebbles, if you liked. Once you sobered up, you could drive around in one of your 1968 Ferrari Dinos.
Consider another kind of machine, a more limited one: Bryan Caplan’s magical idea for a machine that turns corn into cars: “Lo and behold — corn goes in, and cars come out.” It will not ruin Professor Caplan’s M. Night Shyamalan moment to reveal the twist ending to his story: There is such a machine, and it is called trade. “What difference does it make what’s inside the factory?” Professor Caplan asks. “For all intents and purposes, trade is a kind of technology, a creative way to reduce our cost of living and thereby raise our standard of living.”
Trade — and capitalism — is in fact a machine of a different sort: a social machine.
Global capitalism anno Domini 2017 is not quite a Star Trek replicator, but it is something close. What would you do with a replicator? Presumably, most of us would first ensure that we never wanted for the basics of life — food, shelter, clothing, medical necessities — and then we probably would spend a great deal of time enjoying things that once had been reserved to very wealthy people. It would be interesting to see what happened socially after the novelty of that wore off, when a ten-pound diamond became just another rock and there were no more consumer goods that functioned as status symbols.
But would that really be so different from where we are now? Things that were until quite recently “a millionaire’s whim” are so common and so widely available that we do not even think about them. And what really functions as a status symbol right now — having a Mercedes, or being in really good physical condition, or having a fulfilling and creative job, or having rarefied experiences that money cannot buy? You can lease a Mercedes for less than $100 a week.
If I were a Republican politician or someone paid to advise such creatures, I might point out that the great sources of friction in our public life right now have to do mainly with a few areas in which abundance has not been allowed to emerge. We have one economic model for producing food and mobile phones and automobiles, and a different one for producing health care and education, and to some extent (more in some areas of the country than others) housing. The typical American today can afford housing that is much better (larger, better built, better furnished) than could the typical American of his grandparents’ generation. He can afford a better car and better food than a millionaire of that generation. And he has access to better health care and educational options, too, but these have not improved at the rate of everything else in his life, and the options for financing them have become a source of insecurity and stress.
The people who have an explicit legal obligation to work not on our behalf but on behalf of their shareholders do a pretty good job of giving us what we want; the people who vow to work on our behalf do not. That is a paradox only if you do not think about it too much, and not thinking about it too much is the business that politicians are in.
If capitalism — which is to say, human ingenuity set free to follow its own natural course — is a kind of social machine, then politicians are something like children who take apart complex machines without understanding what they do or how to put them back together. (At their worst, they are simply saboteurs.) When they rail against capitalism, automation, trade, and the like, they resemble nothing so much as those hominids at the beginning of 2001: A Space Odyssey, shrieking hysterically at something that is simply beyond their comprehension.
A social machine is different from an ordinary mechanical one, but you can still throw sand in the gears.
— Kevin D. Williamson is NR’s roving correspondent.



ARTICLE
In Washington, a big part of the Republican project for 2017 is cleaning up a litany of Obama excesses. But in the states, perhaps the biggest challenges will be fulfilling the promise of the last major law that Obama signed — the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). States are now finalizing plans for how, beginning this fall, they will proceed under ESSA.
ESSA was enacted in December 2015 by massive majorities in both houses of Congress, largely because both parties had grown tired of the Obama administration’s feckless intrusions into K–12 education. On the right, conservative activists were up in arms about Washington’s efforts to bribe and coerce states into adopting the Common Core. On the left, teachers’ unions were every bit as upset over similar efforts to get states to embrace half-baked, one-size-fits-all teacher-evaluation systems. That unlikely alliance turned the old genial, bipartisan consensus for a steadily expanding federal role in education on its head, and the Wall Street Journal cheered ESSA as “the largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter-century.”
ESSA marked a dramatic improvement over its predecessor, the No Child Left Behind Act, and held out the promise of restraining a Department of Education that had run amok. Such hopes dimmed as Obama’s secretary of education, proposing to extend the department’s authority through a law intended to limit it, promised to micromanage school-level spending when the law plainly prohibited that.
Now that Congress has wisely used the Congressional Review Act to overturn Obama-administration regulations intended to supersize Washington’s role under the law, the way is wide open for states to step up. In a pleasant change of pace, the question for governors and state school leaders is no longer how to cope with an out-of-control Uncle Sam. It is how to make the new law work for their students. Governors, legislators, and local school leaders eager to do just that will find big opportunities for the taking.
State leaders should recast school accountability so that it focuses on improving all schools, not just the worst ones. Under No Child Left Behind, policymakers focused narrowly on reading and math scores. There is evidence that this helped raise those scores in some struggling schools, but only by prompting educators to deemphasize other content and skills — and by prompting education officials to treat “good enough” schools as an afterthought. States can and should focus on performance and growth in reading and math but also on other skills and disciplines that parents care deeply about. Are students learning science and history? Are schools teaching world languages and the arts? What share of students are scoring well on Advanced Placement exams or finishing high school with career-ready vocational credentials? States needn’t necessarily “grade” schools on all of these things. But their simply collecting and reporting this information will help make schools more attentive to parents concerned about more than standardized test scores.
State education leaders would do well to employ ESSA’s direct student-services provision, which allows states to set aside a portion of federal Title I funds in order to support districts that are expanding instructional choice (in addition to school choice) for students. This means expanding choices for students without requiring that they opt to change schools, as with “course access” programs. Such initiatives, pioneered in Louisiana and Utah, use state funds to provide students the opportunity to access a range of online courses that their school might not offer — and to pursue them at their own pace. Under ESSA, states can use up to 3 percent of federal Title I funds to deliver online-course options that give rural students access to subjects that their schools don’t offer, to give all students access to Advanced Placement, and to give high schools the ability to deliver robust career and technical training.
Education reformers have focused almost exclusively on improving reading and math scores for low-performing students stuck in failing schools. It’s long past time to unlock the potential of bright students who are being underserved. State leaders who value both equity and excellence could take advantage of ESSA’s funding flexibility to establish a course-access program largely on the federal government’s dime.
States also have the opportunity to identify and improve failing schools more effectively. In the later years of No Child Left Behind, even good schools started to feel the threat of being labeled “failing” and narrowed their curriculum in an effort to improve scores on reading and math tests. Under the Obama administration, a $7 billion federal program to improve failing schools showed literally no results. That’s the trouble with top-down guidelines from Washington: They’re sure to create unintended consequences, and there’s little reason to believe that following a script set by the Department of Education will lead schools to improve.
It’s possible for states to do better, working from the bottom up. They can craft accountability systems that identify failing schools without harming good ones, and they can be innovative and flexible in encouraging school-improvement strategies on a case-by-case basis.
There’s plenty more, but this is a healthy place to start.
For two decades, education reform has been marked by a myopic focus on reading and math and a puzzling faith in the sagacity of federal bureaucrats. Many on the left are worried that schools will be lost absent Washington’s detailed directives. Color us skeptical on that count, and optimistic about the opportunity that ESSA has given states to pursue education reforms that support every school, serve every student, and speak to the aspiration of every parent.
— Frederick M. Hess is director of education policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Max C. Eden is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute. They are the editors of The Every Student Succeeds Act: What It Means for Schools, Systems, and States.



ARTICLE
All addictions – whether drug, alcohol, gambling, sexual, or cigarettes – are very hard to escape.
There is one addiction, however, that might be more difficult than any other to escape – in part because it is not even regarded as an addiction. It is Entitlements Addiction, an addiction to getting something for nothing.
One indication as to the power of Entitlements Addiction is that, while great numbers of people have voluntarily given up – almost always at great pain – drugs, alcohol, gambling, etc., few give up an addiction to entitlements. For the majority of able-bodied people who get cash payments, food stamps, subsidized housing, free or subsidized health insurance, and other welfare benefits, the thought of giving up any one of those and beginning to pay for them with their own earned money is as hard as giving up alcohol is to an alcoholic.
Politicians know this, which is why it is close to impossible to ever reduce entitlements. And, of course, the Left knows this, which is why the Left almost always wins any debate over entitlements. Every American who is the beneficiary of an entitlement backs entitlements, and many who are not beneficiaries of entitlements would like to be.
This, aside from ideology, is why the Left constantly seeks to increase entitlements: The more people receive government benefits, the more people vote left.
In this sense, the Left in every country – in America, the Democratic party – should be regarded as a drug dealer. Virtually every American given a free benefit becomes an addict who relies more and more on his dealer. Which is exactly what the Left seeks.
As noted at the outset, one reason Entitlements Addiction is so powerful is that, unlike other addictions, it is not regarded as an addiction. As a result, few Entitlement Addicts see themselves as addicted. Why, then, would any of them seek treatment? To the Entitlement Addict, receiving entitlements is as natural and uncontroversial as breathing air. Air is free, and so are entitlements.
Another reason Entitlements Addiction is unique among addictions is that very few drug, alcohol, or gambling addicts believe that they are owed drugs, alcohol, or their gambling debts. Entitlement Addicts, on the other hand, believe that society owes them every entitlement they receive – and often more. The very word used, “entitlements,” conveys the message that the recipient has “a right” to the benefits. So there is a moral component to Entitlements Addiction that does not exist among other addicts (except for opioid dependents who are in pain; these patients really are indeed owed pain killers, and society is immoral for not allowing them to receive them).
Not only do Entitlement Addicts believe there is moral virtue to their addiction, so do a vast number of non-addicts known as Progressives. They believe that there is a moral imperative to give people more and more entitlements. This, in turn, feeds the moral self-image of those dependent on entitlements.
Yet another reason for the uniqueness of Entitlements Addiction is that ultimately it does more damage to society than any of the other addictions. Other addicts can ruin their own lives and those of loved ones, and drunk drivers kill and maim people. But society as a whole can survive their addictions. That is not the case with Entitlement Addicts. The more people who receive and come to depend on entitlements, the sooner the society will collapse economically. Society does not directly pay for drug addicts’ drugs, alcoholics’ alcohol, or the gambling debts of gambling, but society does pay every penny for Entitlement Addicts’ addiction. In fact, the current U.S. national debt is about equal to the $22 trillion this country has spent on entitlement programs in the last 50 years.
When you combine the addiction and selfishness of many (certainly not all) of those who are dependent on entitlements (including middle- and upper-class Americans who receive a home-mortgage deduction); the tendency for it to grow from one generation to the next; the dependence of one of the two major political parties on the votes of those who receive entitlements for its very existence; and the belief of tens of millions of non-addicted Progressives that society is morally obligated to give more and more people more and more entitlements, it becomes very difficult to see a solution.
In the meantime, the Entitlement State in every country is failing, forcing the countries to bring in tens of millions of migrants – many of whom share none of those countries’ values – to keep the Entitlement State alive.
This addiction ultimately ruins the character of many of its recipients, ruins the economy of all the countries in which it exists in large numbers, and ruins the value system that created the prosperity that made so many entitlements possible in the first place.
But, other than American conservatives, almost no one even recognizes it as a major problem, let alone an addiction.
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
Wonder Woman doesn’t even come out until June, but people are already complaining that the movie is not feminist enough, because the superhero is conforming to unrealistic, patriarchal beauty standards by not having visible armpit hair. 
The trailer for the film was released last week, and columnists have been writing think pieces about how problematic it is that Gal Gadot’s armpit hair appears to have been edited out in one of the shots. For example: In a piece for Forbes (titled “Wonder Woman Doesn’t Have Armpit Hair Because Women’s Bodies Freak Men Out”), Susannah Breslin mused that “maybe one day in the future, young girls will be brought up on images of a different kind of Wonder Woman — one who shaves nowhere and hides nothing.” In a piece for Refinery 29, Shannon Carlin writes that she finds it “hard to believe that Wonder Woman, who has been on an island filled with strong women her entire life is worried about waxing and then bleaching her pits to make sure there isn’t a hair left on those babies.”
Now, certainly, there are a lot of things that are “hard to believe” about how Wonder Woman looks considering her line of work, and they go way beyond her armpits. For example: She leaves her long, flowing cascade of loose curls down while she’s fighting enemies and it stays looking perfect the whole time; I can’t even do ten minutes of half-assed yoga in my room without tying mine back and it still gets tangled. She goes into battle wearing a tiny little dress; I feel like I might want to cover more of my skin if I knew I were going to be swordfighting in a field full of explosions. 
But here’s the thing: That’s who Wonder Woman is. There is no room for debate about what Wonder Woman should and should not look like, because DC Comics already decided what she looks like when it created her in 1941: She always has a fresh blowout, she fights her enemies club attire, and she does not have armpit hair. 
If you don’t like it, fine. Invent your own, new hero “who shaves nowhere.” (Hell, make that her thing! A furry, intersectional eco-feminist, who wears only “I Stand With PP” T-shirts and vegan Birkenstocks, who uses her armpit hair to entangle people who commit microaggressions and/or as wings to fly around dropping government-funded IUDs from the sky!) Feel free to create and promote whatever model for superwoman-hood that you see fit, but what Wonder Woman looks like is something that has been established for decades. If you don’t like how she looks, that’s okay, but please understand that your issue is not with this specific film; it’s with the character in general. After all, a woman who has not once in more than 70 years gone out without perfectly curled hair is definitely not a woman who would ever wear something sleeveless without shaving her pits. 
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review



ARTICLE
Can a bombshell be completely expected? Testifying in front of Congress this morning, FBI Director James Comey said he has seen no evidence to support President Trump’s accusation, first leveled weeks ago on Twitter, that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 general election: “We don’t have any information that supports those tweets,” he declared flatly.
By refusing, over and over again, to back down from Trump’s original, farfetched charge, his administration has inflicted a lot of completely unnecessary damage upon itself, and even upon the so-called special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom. This is what happens when the White House prioritizes winning the daily news cycle above all else. This is the natural result of an amazingly shortsighted approach to governing.
Recall that all this began, as so many Trump controversies do, with an early morning tweet:
From the words, “just found out,” one would think that the evidence for such an extraordinary accusation was forthcoming. After all, Trump is now the president. At any moment he can call the FBI Director, the NSA director, or anyone else into his office and ask, “What is the meaning of this?” He can declassify anything he likes — logs, records, transcripts — particularly if it exposes criminal behavior by government officials. When he made his shocking charge, he was in the best possible position to back it up.
Within a day, President Obama and former director of national intelligence James Clapper had denied that they or anyone else in the Obama administration wiretapped candidate Trump. By March 15, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes, a Republican who worked on Trump’s transition team, had declared, “We don’t have any evidence that that took place. . . . I don’t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower.”
The same day, Attorney General Jeff Sessions denied that he had ever briefed Trump on any ”investigations related to the campaign” or “give[n] him any reason to believe that he was wiretapped by the previous administration.” Later that evening, Trump did an interview with Tucker Carlson, in which he suddenly sounded as if the whole matter was too sensitive to discuss publicly: “I’m not going to discuss it, because we have it before the committee and we will be submitting things before the committee very soon that [haven't] been submitted as of yet. But it’s potentially a very serious situation.”
Trump kept insisting that at some point, other sources would be verifying his claims. “We will be submitting certain things and I will be perhaps speaking about this next week,” he said. “But it’s right now before the committee, and I think I want to leave it. I have a lot of confidence in the committee.”
The very next day, the two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Republican Richard Burr and Democrat Mark Warner, put out a joint statement: “Based on the information available to us, we see no indications that Trump Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016.”
That seems like a pretty definitive blanket rejection of Trump’s accusation. Instead of pushing back against it, the administration chose to change its story. Back on March 14, ten days after Trump’s initial tweet, Andrew Napolitano of Fox News had offered a new version of events that suggested there was no American surveillance of the Trump campaign. Napolitano implicated our closest ally instead:
By Thursday, Sean Spicer was reading Napolitano’s accusation aloud at the White House press briefing, giving it the government’s stamp of approval. By Friday, Fox News had backed away from the claim, in a statement by anchor Shepard Smith:
Catherine Herridge, Jennifer Griffin, James Rosen, Eric Shawn, Shannon Bream, Ed Henry — all well-connected Fox News reporter, with lots of sources throughout government — were unable to confirm the accusation. Sky News, the U.K. partner of Fox News, came up empty as well.
By Friday afternoon, Trump was acting as if the White House could repeat others’ accusations against allied intelligence agencies without consequence:
Many in the British government are rightly outraged by the entire episode, which has put the deputy director of the National Security Agency in the awkward position of denying allegations repeated by the White House press secretary:
The U.S.-U.K. relationship has taken a hit because of the administration’s adamant insistence that the president’s accusation had to be true, despite a complete lack of corroborating evidence.
The heart of the accusation is that Obama and his inner circle were determined to learn what was being said at the highest levels of the Trump campaign. But it’s worth remembering that the Obama White House was so convinced Hillary Clinton was going to win, it declined to make a stink about Russia’s meddling in the campaign:
Maybe during his decades as a star of the New York tabloids, Trump came to believe that he could get out of trouble by making outrageous counter-accusations against his tormentors. Maybe in that realm, his belief was well founded. But the rules are different when you’re president. The commander in chief cannot publicly accuse anyone, much less his predecessor, of criminal wrongdoing and expect that the accusation won’t be investigated. The White House press secretary cannot suggest that an allied intelligence agency spied on American citizens for political reasons and expect that the rest of the world won’t sit up, take notice, and demand proof.
With every such unsubstantiated accusation, the administration loses a bit of credibility that it will need when it makes an accurate charge. Unless it wants to spend the next four years perceived as the boy who cried wolf, the White House should show more regard for the truth going forward.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.



ARTICLE
As the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress survey the wreckage of their efforts to repeal Obamacare, the rush is on for tax reform. But, unless President Trump and the Republican leadership learn the lessons of their health-care debacle, they are racing down the road to another defeat.
Speaking for the administration, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin insists that tax reform will be easy. “Health care is a very, very complicated issue,” Mnuchin recently told a group of financial journalists. “In a way, [tax reform is] a lot simpler. It really is.”
Um, no it’s not.
If tax reform were easy, we would have done it long ago, especially given the widespread agreement that our tax code is opaque, cumbersome, inefficient, and riddled with inequities. Yet, the U.S. has gone more than three decades, encompassing four presidents, since the last time we seriously reformed taxes. There’s a reason for that.
The tax code is a cornucopia of special-interest goodies. There will be losers as well as winners. Any change is going to make for many powerful enemies. The tax code isn’t just part of the Washington swamp, it is the swamp. And draining that particular swamp was never going to be easy.
Making matters worse, there is no evidence that the Trump administration has learned anything from its defeat on health care.
First, as with health care, Trump doesn’t actually have a tax-reform plan. During the campaign, Trump put forward a series of evolving tax plans, but those have largely been dropped as the action shifts to Capitol Hill. Rather than trying to rally Republicans behind a specific proposal, Trump is leaving the details to Congress, while promising “something phenomenal in terms of tax.”
One of the Republican complaints about negotiations over the health-care bill was that Trump had little knowledge of health-care policy or the details of the bill. According to some of those in the room, when members of the Freedom Caucus raised their concerns about the bill, Trump responded, “Forget about the little sh**. Let’s focus on the big picture here.” As one person at the meeting complained, “it became clear . . . that no serious changes were going to be made, because the president didn’t have sufficient command of the policy details to negotiate.”
Nothing the president has said since then indicates that he has a better grasp of the intricacies of tax reform.
Second, Republicans face the many of the same divisions over tax reform that they did with health care. For example, both the Trump administration and Republican congressional leaders reportedly favor a border-adjustment tax (BAT), an extremely complicated mechanism that essentially exempts exports from taxation, but imposes a 20 percent tax on imports, including component parts.
Most members of the House Freedom Caucus, however, see the BAT as a $1 trillion tax on consumers. As Representative Jim Jordan (R., Ohio), one of the leaders of House conservatives put it, “the idea that you’re going to add an entirely new tax is a big problem.” Likewise, many of the conservative senators who opposed the health-care bill are opposed to the BAT.
During the debate over health-care reform, President Trump’s efforts to bully the Freedom Caucus proved counterproductive. Trump reportedly dispatched Steve Bannon to the Hill, where he attempted to order Freedom Caucus members to vote for the bill “This is not a discussion. This is not a debate,” Bannon said. “You have no choice but to vote for this bill.” To which one member reportedly responded that the last time he was talked to that way, he was 18 years old and being lectured by his father. “It didn’t work then either,” the member reportedly told Bannon.
Yet, Trump’s post-defeat tweets blaming the Freedom Caucus and conservative groups for the defeat suggest that the president is still of the opinion that he can tell congressmen how to vote.
It’s not just the Freedom Caucus that has concerns about the direction of tax reform. Deficit hawks are worried that, in the absence of corresponding spending cuts, a big tax reduction would balloon deficits and the debt. Further complicating matters, the defeat of health-care reform means the loss of $300–$500 billion in savings over the next ten years that Republicans were counting on to offset revenue reductions from tax reform. If the BAT is not included in the final bill, that means the loss of as much as an additional $1 trillion in revenue. While the tax reductions and other changes can be expected to spur economic growth, no one expects growth to offset every dollar in lost revenue. Spending restraint remains the key to making tax reform work, but so far the Trump administration has shown little appetite for cuts. The president’s so-called skinny budget moves spending around but doesn’t actually reduce it.
Third, hopes for Democratic support are likely to prove fantasy. While a few Democrats, particularly in the Senate, have made positive noises about reducing corporate tax rates, no one has yet spoken favorably about the Republican proposals under way. At the same time, Democrats are united against any tax-reform proposal that significantly reduces taxes for upper-income earners. Most Democrats remain firmly in “resist” mode, opposing any Trump initiative even before it is launched. And the defeat of health-care reform has not done anything to make Democrats more willing to compromise. One can argue that Republicans were similarly obstructionist with President Obama, but that doesn’t change the basic math. Without Democrats completely reversing their positions, it is going to be hard to muster a majority for any tax reform worth its name.
Finally, the legislative process remains complex. The plan is for the tax-reform bill to go through reconciliation to avoid a Democratic filibuster. That’s the same process that wrecked such havoc on health-care reform. There are a host of arcane procedural hurdles under reconciliation that will make drafting a successful bill more difficult. For example, the bill must be revenue-neutral for years outside the reconciliation window. Similarly, the bill cannot increase budget deficits in any year outside the target period, unless other provisions fully offset those increases. That is why, for example, the Bush tax cuts expired after ten years. Any tax-reform bill is going to have to be shoehorned into that framework, and that will be no easy task.
Even passing the budget bill with reconciliation instructions might be problematic. The budget-resolution bill passed in January did little more than set the stage for health-care reconciliation. Even most deficit hawks held their nose and voted for it, despite its high deficit and spending levels, because it was necessary to repeal Obamacare and the real budget was yet to come. Republicans cannot play that game again. The next budget bill will be the real thing, with formal spending and deficit targets, as well as tax-reform reconciliation language. Fiscal conservatives are likely to be unhappy.
Tax reform is vital to spurring economic growth and increasing American competitiveness. Indeed, it is long overdue. But so was repeal of Obamacare. The Republican defeat on that measure should have taught President Trump that governing is not nearly as easy as he thought. Unless he learns that lesson — and quickly — yet another crucial reform could be headed for defeat.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.



ARTICLE
He’s the new Al Sharpton on steroids — and he’s coming to a TV near you.
Benjamin Crump, camera-lovin’ lawyer for the families of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, rocketed to fame perpetuating the “Hands up, don’t shoot” lie.
Never mind that even the left-wing Obama Justice Department concluded that the 22 witnesses who manufactured the Black Lives Matter–promoted narrative were unreliable, inconsistent, self-contradictory, unsupported by a shred of forensic evidence, or outright lying.
In Crump World, anti-police ideology trumps facts. Social justice trumps actual justice. And lying about crime pays. Big time. Crump is going Hollywood.
Next week, the Florida-based legal celebrity will debut as one of six featured attorneys participating in show trials on the new Fox reality series, You the Jury. Crump is also serving as host and executive producer of a six-hour miniseries on the A&E Network titled “Who Killed Tupac?” And busy Benjamin is hosting Evidence of Innocence, a documentary series that will profile “the unbelievable true stories of individuals who were convicted of crimes they didn’t commit.”
The series will air on TV One. Originally co-owned by Comcast and now controlled by Radio One (a minority-owned company that syndicates racial rabble-rouser, cop-basher, and hate-crime-hoax godfather Al Sharpton), the station claims to reach 57 million households.
This is the same social-justice TV network whose liberal anchor Roland Martin fed Democratic debate questions last year to disgraced former CNN contributor Donna Brazile, who finally admitted last week that she leaked the information to Hillary Clinton’s campaign. CNN president Jeff Zucker declared after an internal investigation that the network “would not partner ever again” with TV One.
But not to worry. TV One was happy to partner with Sharpton’s National Action Network to co-sponsor an awards show last fall that bestowed a special civil-rights honor on Crump “for historic and transformative service.”
“Transformative service”? Try manipulating reality for political gain. While the network has cast Crump as a champion of the falsely convicted, both are responsible for spreading falsehoods and inciting hatred against a former Oklahoma City police officer whose case is one of the worst miscarriages of justice I’ve ever encountered.
Last fall, TV One’s true-crime hit Justice by Any Means reenacted the story of former Oklahoma City police officer Daniel Holtzclaw with blowhard commentary from pundits who had no clue about the actual evidence in the case. “Legal analyst” Tanya Miller, for example, put words in Holtzclaw’s mouth that appear nowhere in the court record, trial transcripts, police reports or interviews.
As I’ve been reporting over the past year, Holtzclaw was arrested, charged, and convicted on numerous alleged sexual assaults in summer 2014, during the racially inflamed, anti-cop riots in Ferguson and Baltimore. A circus mob of militant Black Lives Matter protesters gathered at the courthouse, chanting, “Give him life!” during proceedings and drowning out testimony as they demonstrated inside and outside on the streets. Agitators took photos of jurors in defiance of the steamrolled judge’s orders. Riot threats hung over jury deliberations.
Crump now represents nine accusers (all black women from the gritty northeast OKC neighborhood Holtzclaw patrolled) who are plaintiffs in high-dollar state and federal civil-rights lawsuits. Those clients include a convicted felon who preposterously described Holtzclaw as a “short, black man” when he’s 6′1,” half-Japanese, and pale and a convicted felon who denied seven times she had been the victim of any inappropriate police conduct — until a sex-crimes detective informed her about the Holtzclaw investigation and she changed her story to claim that he had forced her to expose her breasts.
Crump also represents the troubled young prostitute and drug user with a violent criminal record who called Holtzclaw a “hot cop” before accusing him of rape — months after Jannie Ligons’ charges were publicized and Holtzclaw’s name and face widely disseminated. The teen’s mom had filed a missing persons report and assault and battery complaint against her daughter on the day Holtzclaw encountered her and searched her purse. The Oklahoma City police department’s crime lab identified a minute amount of what it characterized as “epithelial cell” DNA from this accuser on Holtzclaw’s uniform pants — the lone piece of indirect forensic evidence found out of 17 alleged crime scenes, which became the prosecution’s inaccurately portrayed “smoking gun” in the case.
Crump falsely claimed on TV One that the crime lab found “DNA evidence inside” her “panties” and “vaginal DNA material on the inside of (Holtzclaw’s) trousers” that “matched the DNA of the 17-year-old.” But the crime lab expert admitted on the stand that she had not tested any items for vaginal fluid, observed no suspicious stains, and acknowledged the possibility of innocent DNA touch transfer. More facts: The girl’s underwear was never obtained as evidence and skin cell DNA from several unknown individuals — including at least one unknown male — was found on Daniel Holtzclaw’s pants.
I’ve reached out to Crump to explain his egregious falsehoods and omissions. But the fake-news rising star may be far too busy to bother with facts that undermine the lucrative social-justice racket. Damn the truth. It’s showtime!
— Michelle Malkin is host of Michelle Malkin Investigates on CRTV.com. Her e-mail address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
Let us stipulate that it would be difficult for House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) and the Trump White House to have handled a critical intelligence matter any worse.
Still, the questions Nunes has raised are more important than the fact that he shot himself in the foot while pursuing the answers.
The chairman says he was invited by an unidentified intelligence official to review classified documents on the White House grounds — at the Old Executive Office Building, it appears, where the National Security Council has secure facilities for that purpose. These documents purportedly show that communications from Trump transition officials, and perhaps Trump himself, were intercepted during intelligence-agency monitoring of foreign powers; and Nunes says the monitoring in question appears unrelated to Russia’s meddling in the U.S. election.
Nunes reports that the documents he was shown suggest that the Obama administration may have been using its foreign-intelligence powers to shadow the incoming Trump team. Though the communications in question were lawfully intercepted, Nunes suggests that the identities of Trump officials should have been “masked” (i.e., concealed) under standard minimization rules that guide the dissemination of classified foreign intelligence throughout the “community” of U.S. intelligence agencies. Instead, the identities of the Trump officials were revealed and widely transmitted to people with no apparent need to know about the officials’ communications — some of which, in Nunes’s description, had “little or no apparent foreign-intelligence value.”
Nunes’s account cannot be verified because the documents he reviewed have not been disclosed, nor reviewed by anyone else who is talking. Meanwhile, rather than first sharing what he learned with members of the important committee he chairs, Nunes went to the White House to brief President Trump.
This is bizarre for two reasons. First, the classified information Nunes reviewed belongs to the executive branch, which the president leads. Trump does not need to be briefed by a member of Congress; he can direct the appropriate intelligence officials to brief him — and could then declassify and publicize any information he believes the public should have (redacting any information that could compromise critical intelligence secrets, methods and sources). Second, Nunes, who served on the Trump transition team, leads a committee responsible for getting to the bottom of both alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election and the executive branch’s potential abuse of its foreign-intelligence collection power. By opening himself up to the charge that his first loyalty is to the White House rather than to his committee’s investigation, Nunes damages both his own credibility and the perception that his committee can conduct a reliable investigation.
That said, Democratic calls for Nunes’s recusal, led by the committee’s notoriously partisan ranking member, Adam Schiff (D., Calif.), are as meritless as they are transparently political. A congressional investigation is not a criminal trial before an impartial jury; it is an inquiry by a bipartisan committee of politicians who have patent party loyalties, and who engage in obvious partisan gamesmanship. If Schiff’s point is that a congressional investigation is invalid unless those conducting it are objective and non-partisan, there is not a single Democrat or Republican who could sit on a single committee — he, least of all.
We can always hope that at least some members of Congress will rise to the call of statesmanship, if just for the sake of their own reputations. But we don’t rely on such hopes; we rely on the clash of partisans. Congressional committees are bipartisan precisely because their members are expected to sympathize with their own side of the conflict. The idea is that we get at the truth because each side will make its best case, challenging the other’s assertions. Nunes is to be faulted because he has gratuitously given Democrats a leg up in that debate. But he is no more disqualified to participate in the investigation than is Schiff, who has already publicly woven an extravagant theory of collusion between Trump associates and Russia — exactly what a credible, impartial investigator does not do before the investigation is completed.
While Nunes clearly mishandled matters after obtaining information from what he says is more than one source, his pursuit of that information through these intelligence sources is understandable — perhaps even necessary.
The chairman claims that the FBI is not being cooperative with the Intelligence Committee’s investigation of the handling of classified information involving Michael Flynn, Trump’s former national-security adviser. Flynn resigned after it emerged that he had given Trump officials, including Vice President Pence, an incomplete account of his post-election communications with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak — to wit, Flynn did not inform them that he discussed the topic of just-imposed Obama administration sanctions against Russia. The FBI knew that the topic had come up because it had a recording of the relevant telephone conversation — apparently because it was monitoring Kislyak’s calls.
It is beyond cavil that the FBI’s surveillance of Kislyak was proper. He is an agent of a foreign power, and thus a proper target of court-authorized eavesdropping under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. And while some have questioned the propriety of the “unmasking” of Flynn’s identity — probably by the FBI — in disseminating classified reporting about the conversation to other intelligence agencies, I have explained that this, too, was justified. Minimization rules permit unmasking of American identities when it is necessary to understand the intelligence value of a communication. Plainly, it was relevant that the person the Russian ambassador was speaking with, and apparently seeking accommodations from, was the incoming president’s national-security adviser.
Nevertheless, as I’ve further elaborated, aspects of the way Flynn’s case was handled by the FBI raise questions. The New York Times matter-of-factly reported that the FBI was sharing intelligence about the Flynn-Kislyak call with “Obama advisers” and “Obama officials,” who were pressing the FBI about whether a corrupt, prosecutable deal had been struck regarding the sanctions:
The Times further reports that Flynn was “grilled” by FBI agents regarding his conversation with Kislyak. Why? There was nothing criminal about the conversation — the claim, reported by the Times, that “Obama advisers” suspected a violation of the never-prosecuted Logan Act is sheer nonsense. Having a conversation with Russia’s ambassador was precisely the sort of thing an incoming national-security adviser would do during a transition between administrations — indeed, Flynn had conversations with various foreign officials in his role. And the FBI had a recording of the conversation, so there was no need to “grill” Flynn about it — unless, some have suggested, it was hoped that Flynn would lie and thus be prosecutable for making false statements to federal investigators.
So exactly why was the FBI investigating Flynn? With which “Obama advisers” and “Obama officials” were FBI agents sharing classified information and consulting on the matter of Flynn’s activities — and whether those activities constituted a crime? Flynn had been a fierce critic of the Obama administration. Was an effort being made to develop a criminal case against him?
Nunes has been trying to get answers from the FBI about how Flynn was handled, including by sending the Bureau a March 15 letter. According to Nunes, the NSA has been forthcoming in response to his inquiries about “unmasking” and the like, but “so far the FBI has not told us whether or not they’re going to respond to our March 15 letter.”
It should come as no surprise that the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee has good sources in the intelligence community; and under the circumstances, he can hardly be blamed for tapping them. When conducting investigations that disclosures of information could compromise, the FBI is known to be stingy — as it should be. And when being asked by Congress to justify their own conduct, especially in a matter of great public interest, most government agencies drag their feet. The FBI may have satisfactory explanations for everything that has been done, but it is apparently not in a hurry to provide them. Meanwhile, there are legitimate questions about Obama White House involvement in foreign-intelligence collection efforts that appear to have lavished extraordinary attention on people associated with the Trump campaign and transition. Nunes is right to press those questions.
Again, he has made missteps. But his actions should be kept in perspective. The chairman has openly and repeatedly stated that he knows of no evidence supporting Trump’s claim that Obama had his wires tapped at Trump Tower. Moreover, he has acknowledged that the interception of communications by Trump associates was “incidental” to lawful foreign-intelligence collection activities. Nunes is surely sympathetic to Trump, but he is not parroting the president’s script. He has questioned only the handling of the lawfully obtained intelligence, and his rationale for doing so is surely no less plausible than partisan Democratic claims that “Russia hacked the election.”
As one would expect, Nunes’s lapses have raised the decibel level of calls for a special congressional committee to take over the investigation. We may end up there, but I still believe the House and Senate Intelligence Committees should first have an opportunity to show they can do the job; I harbor no illusions that a special committee would be any less partisan than the existing committees.
All that said, the answers to two questions ought to be of a lot more interest to us than who is doing the asking. Those questions are: Which “Obama advisers” were being consulted by intelligence agents regarding Michael Flynn? And were incidentally intercepted conversations of other Trump officials or associates also shared with “Obama advisers”?
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
The collapse of the GOP effort to repeal and replace Obamacare last week was followed by some unnerving revelations in the press, which painted a picture of a president who dismissed Republicans’ paramount concerns as “the little sh**” and a White House counselor who insisted to skeptical lawmakers that they had “no choice” but to vote for the bill.
Now comes another glaring sign that the young administration is ill-prepared for the duties of governing: The astonishing number of high-level positions that President Trump still has yet to fill.
The Partnership for Public Service identified 553 key positions in the federal government that require Senate confirmation: cabinet secretaries, assistant secretaries, administrators, ambassadors, chief counsels, directors, and so on. As of March 28, Trump had named 61 people to these positions, 21 of whom had been confirmed by the Senate. That figure doesn’t reflect well on the Senate, but it still leaves an astonishing 492 key government positions awaiting a nominee. In the meantime, all of those jobs are being done by holdover appointees of the previous administration or acting officials from the civil service.
You might think that by late March, an administration that considers immigration enforcement such a priority would have named its own director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, or its own commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or its own assistant secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement at the Department of Homeland Security, or its own assistant secretary for population, refugees and migration at the State Department, or a new director of the State Department Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, or a special counsel for immigration-related unfair employment practices at the DOJ.
Trump hasn’t named nominees for any of those slots.
Conservatives have high hopes for far-reaching education reforms under Secretary Betsy DeVos. She would probably have more success overcoming any foot-dragging from the permanent bureaucracy if she had a deputy secretary, a general counsel, a chief financial officer, an undersecretary, or a like-minded warm body in any one of the seven unfilled assistant secretary positions at the Education Department.
At the State Department, Rex Tillerson is operating with 110 fewer presidential appointees than he should be. He’s missing a deputy secretary, a chief financial officer, an undersecretary for management, an assistant secretary for legislative affairs, an assistant secretary for intelligence, a coordinator for counter-terrorism, a representative to the European Union, and a special envoy for North Korea. There are no ambassadors to Germany, Canada, France, the Holy See, India, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, or South Korea, and there is no permanent representative to NATO.
There are another 43 unfilled key positions in the Department of Defense, 21 in the Department of Energy, and 20 at the Department of the Treasury.
The lack of Trump nominees is all the more surprising considering all the talk about the “deep state” and the administration’s justifiable concern that career government employees and Obama-administration holdovers will attempt to delay or sabotage its agenda. In March, the Washington Post reported on the administration’s “commissars” in the cabinet agencies, “senior aides installed by the White House who are charged — above all — with monitoring the secretaries’ loyalty.” Perhaps the description is overwrought, but the move seems bizarre. These cabinet secretaries need a real staff a lot more than they need someone looking over their shoulders.
Back in February, Trump said he hadn’t announced nominees for some of these lower-profile positions because he felt they weren’t needed: “A lot of those jobs, I don’t want to appoint, because they’re unnecessary to have. You know, we have so many people in government, even me, I look at some of the jobs and it’s people over people over people. I say what do all these people do? You don’t need all those jobs.”
Maybe you can argue some of duties of these undersecretary positions could be better consolidated under one post. Perhaps the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy doesn’t need four presidential appointees, nor the U.S. Parole Commission at the Department of Justice. Then again, the president gets to appoint eight members of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board; after the IRS scandal, shouldn’t conservatives expect eight sharp-eyed watchdogs in those positions? Right now, the Oversight Board doesn’t have enough members to make up a quorum and as a result has suspended operations. It’s effectively shut down until the Senate confirms enough new members.
Still other appointed positions may appear unnecessary, as Trump argued. But the Census Bureau is going to need a director. So will the U.S. Marshals Service, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Bureau of Land Management, the National Parks Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Geological Survey, the U.S. Mint, the National Counterterrorism Center, the Office of Personnel Management, and the Peace Corps. There’s a need for administrators at NASA, the General Services Administration, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
If the administration wants to get rid of any of these agencies, Trump ought to formally call for their elimination and try to achieve it through legislation. Otherwise, they will remain operational, headed by figures who likely range from neutral to hostile to the White House’s agenda.
Staffing the government with the right people is one of the key early tests of a president’s competence. Trump has yet to pass it.
— Jim Geraghty is National Review’s senior political correspondent.



ARTICLE
Let’s begin with two assertions, both of which should be inarguable. First, no one in Washington is entitled to any position of power or responsibility. Second, the greater the power or responsibility, the more integrity, character, and — crucially — competence we should expect from our public officials. Or, to put it plainly, to whom much is given, much is required.
By that standard, why is Devin Nunes still chairman of the House Intelligence Committee?
Let’s backtrack and briefly review the utterly bizarre events of the last month. Let’s start with this tweet, from President Trump:
While there had long been reports that the intelligence community had intercepted communications between Russian officials and members of the Trump team, this tweet raised the stakes. Previously, it was understood that the intelligence community had been monitoring Russians, and it picked up communications with Trump officials only when they communicated with Russians already under surveillance. Trump’s tweets, by contrast, indicated that he’d discovered that Obama personally ordered surveillance of the incoming GOP president.
To call that claim “explosive” is an understatement. Indeed, Trump himself understood the stakes and tweeted this:
There was just one problem: Trump made the claim without providing any evidence to support it. Indeed, as FBI director James Comey pointed out, the president doesn’t even possess the legal authority to unilaterally order wiretaps on American citizens. Yet that didn’t stop the now-familiar partisan Republican scramble to find something, anything that could make Trump’s tweet look “truthy” or perhaps “truthish.” 
Enter Devin Nunes. After first saying that he believed Trump’s tweeted allegations were “wrong” on March 22, he conducted a short press conference on White House grounds to declare that he’d obtained documents indicating that White House officials (and maybe even the president) had been monitored as part of relatively routine surveillance of foreign officials.
Oddly, however, he’d apparently rushed to the White House to present this evidence without sharing it with members of his own committee. This was a breach of protocol, but not on its face a firing offense. Nunes apologized, and the storm seemed set to pass.
Then the story got stranger still. Yesterday Nunes acknowledged that he traveled to the White House before his March 22 press conference to review secret documents in the White House’s possession, then used the contents of those documents to “brief” the president and the press. In other words, the White House appeared to be using Nunes to brief itself. Rather than state its own case with its own evidence, it used Nunes to make it appear as if external investigation had at least partially validated Trump’s tweets.
Just at the time when the nation desperately needs adults to step forward who can give the public confidence that they not only understand the stakes of the Russia investigation, they also can be entrusted to conduct that investigation in good faith, Nunes unnecessarily poured gasoline on an already-raging fire. The American body politic is awash in conspiracy theories, mistrust, and wild claims of espionage and criminality. It needs leaders. It needs competence. It needs integrity.
Nunes isn’t Donald Trump’s lawyer. He’s not Trump’s spokesperson. It’s not his job to clean up Trump’s Twitter mess. The House Intelligence Committee faces the challenge of conducting an investigation that has at least some degree of bipartisan credibility. It’s not “success” for Nunes to produce a report that plays great on Fox News while his Democratic counterpart, Adam Schiff, writes a dissenting document for Rachel Maddow.
Are you unconvinced? Let’s indulge in the simplest exercise in political integrity. If the roles were reversed, what would you argue? If Adam Schiff was the chairman, Hillary Clinton was president, and Schiff was secretly meeting at the White House for solo briefings then presenting that same “evidence” to the press as if he’d discovered it, you’d want him to step down. And you’d be right.
Months into the Russia controversy, we still don’t know if there was any collusion at all between Russian officials and members of Trump’s team. We still don’t know the full extent of Russian efforts to have an impact on the election. And we still don’t know the identities of government officials who seem to be leaking classified information to any reporter who will listen. But we do know that partisans on both sides are utterly shameless in their double standards. Leaks are terrible if the information is damaging for their side, and they’re vital to democracy if the information is good. The Clinton Foundation’s ties to Russia are overblown, but Trump’s the Manchurian Candidate. Or, if you’re a Republican, Hillary Clinton sold out American national security, and Trump is the victim of a witch hunt. Public discourse is becoming a sad joke.
If Nunes steps down as chairman, he can quickly transition from part of the problem to part of the solution. He can make a powerful statement that mistakes have consequences, and public officials still have the integrity to acknowledge their own shortcomings. He can clear the way for an investigation untainted by his own errors. His own power and his own position are not worth the ongoing loss in public confidence. It’s time for Nunes to go.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
People are buzzing about things Benedictine lately, particularly with the publication of Rod Dreher’s The Benedict Option, which recommends the rule of St. Benedict as a tool for a well-ordered life and, more important, intentional authenticity among Christians in the world today.
On Friday night, the new Benedict Leadership Institute at Belmont Abbey College in Charlotte, N.C., awarded its first Benedict Leadership Award to Carl Anderson, head of the Knights of Columbus, highlighting the work the group does to buttress faith, civil society, and robust religious liberty in the U.S. Conor Gallagher, publisher of TAN Books and Saint Benedict Press, talks about the Institute, the Knights, and religious publishing today.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: What’s a book publisher doing running a leadership institute? Does one have to do with the other? What’s your mission as book publisher, and is this institute a natural outgrowth of that?
Conor Gallagher: Well, one of the things that happens when you run a family business is that you end up wearing many hats! At Saint Benedict Press, our mission is to help people become saints. Whether it’s through our Saint Benedict Press parish programs, TAN books, or one of our many other imprints, we try to lead people into a deeper and more active Catholic faith.
There is certainly an overlap between my work as publisher and the founding of the Benedict Leadership Institute. Our company’s name pays homage to the guiding influence of the Rule of Saint Benedict and particularly the motto of the Benedictine tradition — ora et labora (“pray and work”).
Our world needs strong Catholic leaders who are willing to pray and work and ultimately transform society as the result of their faith. The mission of the Benedict Leadership Institute is to develop and inspire Catholic leaders.
Lopez: What’s so special about Carl Anderson and the Knights of Columbus?
Gallagher: This is the first year we’re presenting the Benedict Leadership Award, and we wanted to set the bar really high. We wanted to go for the best, and that’s how we came up with Carl Anderson — someone who has had an extraordinary impact on the Church and the wider society, not only here in the U.S. but globally.
Anderson is the epitome of Catholic leadership. While there are many reasons he is worthy of the Benedict Leadership Award, we chose to honor him for his leadership in one area in particular: His resolute defense of persecuted Christians. This is an area of great concern to me and the rest of the Executive Committee of the Benedict Leadership Institute.
Lopez: What do you hope to impart to students and the Belmont Abbey community by honoring him?
Gallagher: The Benedict Leadership Institute exists to connect the students at Belmont Abbey with the best Catholic leaders around the globe. We want to give students the opportunity to meet great Catholic leaders, such as Anderson, so they can learn from their examples. I hope they’ll be inspired to go out and become the next generation of leaders the world so desperately needs.
Lopez: Why is focusing attention on Christian persecution and genocide so important? Does it suggest that you might care more about Christians than other people?
Gallagher: Christians in the Middle East, as well as other at-risk minority groups like the Yazidis, need someone to speak out for them — and we should feel that obligation heavily. If we Christians in the West don’t advocate for our brothers and sisters in the Middle East, who will?
ISIS has brought suffering to so many. But Christians and Yazidis have been targeted for genocide — and we need to keep this fact firmly in front of world leaders and the United Nations. They are also uniquely at-risk even in refugee camps, and when they stay away from those camps, they lose the opportunity to be vetted and resettled in the West.
Last year, Anderson and the Knights of Columbus succeeded in getting the State Department to end its silence about the ongoing genocide against Christians and other minority groups in Syria and Iraq. Since 2014, the Knights have donated $12 million to help persecuted Christians in the Middle East.
It is my hope that honoring Anderson with the Benedict Leadership Award will bring attention and relief to persecuted Christians and move the public to act more decisively on their behalf.
Lopez: Has Belmont Abbey benefited from the controversies over religious freedom that it has been enmeshed in recently? Perhaps it has prompted review and renewal of questions about the school’s mission?
Gallagher: I think Belmont Abbey has benefited, first of all with the blessing promised in the beatitudes: Blessed are they who are persecuted. Following one’s conscience is not without its cost. Belmont Abbey has had to fight, and pay, to follow its conscience regarding health-care coverage for contraception, abortion, and abortifacients.
But the blessings are real. We’ve had tremendous support for our position from faculty, students, and administrators, and tremendous leadership from our president Dr. William Thierfelder. Everyone knows without a doubt what is most important to Belmont Abbey College: following Christ. And that has attracted so many outstanding men and women, students, faculty, benefactors, to join or affiliate with us in some way.
Lopez: Do you have an opinion on the “Benedict Option” that Rod Dreher has publicized? Is TAN’s upcoming book on the “Marian Option” intended to compete with Dreher’s idea, or is it a complement and maybe even a compliment?
Gallagher: Rod Dreher is dead-on in his call in The Benedict Option for Christians and social conservatives to band together and provide alternative social, cultural, educational, and employment networks and institutions. Large public, corporate, and secular institutions are increasingly imposing upon Christians crises of conscience that may well demand a retreat or withdrawal. Think of the pharmacist compelled by her corporate employer to dispense abortifacients, or the public-school teacher who must assist and affirm his middle-school student in a gender transition, forbidden to bring any concerns to the parents.
Part of my job as publisher of TAN Books and Saint Benedict Press is to provide resources for these alternative networks: Curriculums for homeschoolers, continuing home education for adults who were denied a true liberal education in public schools, video programming (like our new Queen of Heaven series) that is as entertaining as anything seen on secular networks, but is also faithful, informative, inspirational.
At the same time, Christians can’t stop trying to influence the larger corporate and secular and public institutions, even when we build up our own. We’re called to leaven and transform the wider society. As a Catholic, I believe we have every reason for hope, with the Church’s rich patrimony of art and beauty and scholarship, and above all with the power of the sacraments and the intercession of the Blessed Mother.
This is where The Marian Option by Carrie Gress has such a great contribution to make. Carrie documents the fascinating ways that Marian devotion has transformed society in the past and how actual interventions of Mary — as at Lepanto and Guadalupe, and during the Cold War through Fatima — rescued cultures on the brink. The Marian Option offers another way out of a corrupt culture. Not all of us can or should forsake the world for a monastery. But we should all turn to our mother.
Lopez: If there is one message you could transmit beyond your event this weekend, what would it be? One message that you could communicate, perhaps, to people who might never read a book you publish?
Gallagher: One message? That’s tough. I think it would be what Carl Anderson told our Belmont Abbey students: “Give God permission.” He heard Mother Teresa say this one time, and it stuck with him. He told the students (and it was exactly what I needed to hear) to give God permission to plan your life, to guide you through the journey. He said to “keep the long view” but also to always — always — do the next right thing in front of you. Only God knows if and how the next little step is connected with the long view. We have to let God do His miraculous work in our lives. Anderson never imagined being the Supreme Knight. But somehow, God gets us where He wants us, as long as we give Him permission.
This is a beautiful message for anyone — any customer of TAN or Saint Benedict Press. Give God permission. He will work wonders with you.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here. She’s currently working on a book for St. Benedict’s Press.



ARTICLE
The health-care-reform fiasco illustrates perfectly why the United States has been an ineffectual, gridlocked failure at legislative self-government for over 20 years. It is not only not a system with two parties ready to govern; it is not a system with one party ready to govern. The Cruz Right took 30 percent of the vote in the Republican primaries and the Sanders Left took almost 50 percent of the vote in the Democratic primaries. The Clinton-Obama Democrats are chasing pathetically after the itinerant base of their party as it has scurried to the left like a frightened lobster, and the Republican Right has cooled down to some degree, but shows no disposition to take one for the team. There is little point in assessing blame for how the Trump administration and the Democratic congressional leadership have reached such a lamentable state of vituperative hostility, but deescalating it will take time, work, and a will that is not now visible.
This crisis has been a long time ripening. George H. W. Bush inherited from Ronald Reagan a strong party, a reasonably serene Congress, and a happy country victorious in the Cold War, but he raised taxes and allowed the charlatan Ross Perot to steal enough Republicans to elect Bill Clinton. Clinton was adequately competent (as Bush had been), but lost the Congress after the first health-care fiasco, and was amused the rest of his term being a naughty, southern, corn-fed boy; and there was no consensus for anything except welfare reform. George W. Bush counter-attacked international terrorism well but mired the country in ill-considered wars and compounded Clinton’s inflation of the housing bubble until the worst international financial crisis since the 1930s erupted underneath him. Barack Obama came in on a wave of goodwill and national (well-deserved) self-congratulation for having elected a non-white president, but he was far to the left of the country, lost control of the Congress after the second health-care fiasco, and the rest was an anti-climax of chronic deficits, militant political correctness, and feckless foreign policy. The media soft-pedaled the president’s ineptitude and the country wanted to like him for esoteric reasons, but two-thirds of the people thought the country was headed in the wrong direction. It was.
Donald Trump ran against all those whom he held responsible for the terrible policy failures of 20 years. The litany is familiar, including the matters just cited along with increasing domestic violence, a shrinking work force, inaction in the face of about 12 million illegal immigrants, and a syncopated lurching in foreign policy that never elaborated a consistent objective apart from opposition to terrorism, though with fluctuating determination. Since he ran against all factions of both parties and almost all the national media, only a mighty landslide of personal support such as FDR received in 1932 or LBJ in 1964, and to a degree Ronald Reagan in 1980, was going to enable him to put his whole radical and overloaded agenda through. The country has a regime pledged to change course radically in many policy areas and a mandate to do that, but the replacement policies are a matter of sharp debate between Republican factions. In the climate created by the nastiest campaign in recent history, and one in which the honesty of the media was a legitimate issue, followed by the greatest electoral upset at least since 1948, coalitions will have to be assembled gradually and from different pieces, issue by issue. Most of us who do not know the congressional personalities had no alternative but to assume and hope that Speaker Ryan and the president’s congressional liaison and the able Health and Human Services secretary, former congressman Tom Price, could count the noses correctly in putting their bill together, to get it to the Senate, where the greater contest was expected. Our confidence was misplaced.
There must be a consensus, even within the U.S. Capitol, that the United States simply has to get its system working and become governable again. Everyone there knows that the Republicans won and that the Clinton, Obama, and Bush eminences were rejected amid widespread public discontent with decades of misgovernment. The argument in democratic politics is always whether the center is a position of strength or weakness, and that depends on whether it can push the Right and Left off to the shoulders, which in these circumstances means crowding over 40 percent of last year’s primary voters off to the sides, unless large numbers can be induced to succumb to the grace of conversion. Donald Trump is not everyone’s idea of a centrist, but in this crowded scene, he is the only prominent candidate for that honor that we have. Logically, the Clinton faction of Democrats could be amenable to join forces with the administration on some issues, especially if the tendency to criminalize policy differences, a deadly contagion that began with Watergate and is now more rabidly transmitted than ever, does not lead to a resurrection of the legal soft points of the Clintons. The FBI director, James Comey, is severely compromised and has no credibility with anyone, but getting rid of him now would be more trouble than it’s worth.
The president is right not to condemn the Freedom Caucus, but not because their conduct is very distinguished. They are mainly invulnerable electorally and evince the same irreconcilable, mindless dogmatism of many otherwise-intelligent conservative commentators now reduced to declaring the president unfit, for psychiatric reasons, to hold the office to which the country has elected him. But Trump will need the Freedom Caucus and can tailor some projects to attract their support, starting with the confirmation of Judge Gorsuch. That development should assure the eventual reassertion of the president’s constitutional right to control immigration. Eventually, the Democrats will have to abandon their effort to pretend they can impeach Trump over relations with Russia that never existed, and the president can rely on public opinion to pressure all but the lunatics (who are numerous and vocal) to try to get something useful done. (Roger Stone had it right when he said, “The Democrats are full of Schiff,” referring to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee. Congressman Adam Schiff, appropriately, an ex-prosecutor, representative for the giant infestation of political idiocy in Hollywood, and a Benghazi whitewasher, is desperately trying to keep this fake Russian controversy going.)
Bringing on the tax program like fast food could produce another debacle; the administration can certainly sustain one of these and shake it off, but it will have to show that it has learned something. The president’s apparent fear of altering entitlements is disappointing. Even a minor tweak would send a useful message, and presumably the debt bomb is such that he could get support for such a move. That would give him some negotiating room for tax cuts, which everyone likes if they are affordable. He could use the now traditional Art Laffer et seq. argument, which LBJ, and up to a point Ronald Reagan, proved to be accurate, that tax reductions do largely pay for themselves in economic growth. Incentivizing the repatriation of $2 trillion in profits being held out of country by U.S. corporations would produce a nice pop that could be used to fund a substantial start of infrastructure renovation. Even the Democrats might crawl out of their foxholes and rejoin the civilized world on that one.
There will be no repeal of Obamacare, and the Freedom Caucus should understand that they booted that one. But just allowing it to “explode” (the president’s word) is not leadership, and deliberately reducing funding and accelerating its collapse would backfire. Presumably, transitional cost-reducing reforms could be negotiated within the Republican congressional delegations and put through piecemeal, cleaning up the worst failings and further reducing the deficit. It is not my place to write the script, but if the administration can get a record going of steady legislative successes, all in pursuit of fulfillment of its campaign promises, and with as little pyrotechnics and schoolyard posturing as possible, it will quickly acquire the prestige and aura of success of distinguished administrations of the now-distant past. Reagan had it for the middle half of his time; Eisenhower for most of his tenure, but with a relatively unambitious legislative agenda; Johnson and Nixon briefly; and FDR for practically all of his twelve years.
This will require Trump to perform a role for which he has not yet been known: the patient conciliator speaking in measured terms from the center of controversies and carefully putting shared interests together. Stranger things have happened, including his nomination and election. The present shrieks of joy by Pelosi and Schumer, that Trump is already a lame duck, are amusing and will assist the president in regrouping. But the Republican leadership evacuated the field on Friday and, as Mr. Churchill remarked (after Dunkirk), “Wars are not won by evacuations.” This is war.
— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and Flight of the Eagle: The Grand Strategies That Brought America from Colonial Dependence to World Leadership.



ARTICLE
Today marks the anniversary of the death of Dwight Eisenhower on March 28, 1969. He was born in the 19th century and was one of the indispensable figures of the 20th. There were more consequential men in his generation, “consequential” being a word that is morally neutral: Adolf Hitler was born one year before him, Mao Zedong three years after.
We generally remember public figures on their birthdays rather than on the anniversaries of their deaths, with an exception for those who died in assassinations or other dramatic fashions. But there is something to be learned from Eisenhower’s death, a subject to which he gave some real consideration before the moment was forced to its crisis. He had been, during his military career, “General of the Army,” an extraordinary and temporary rank that, before its revival by Congress in 1944, had last been conferred upon Ulysses Grant, William T. Sherman, and (an honorary designation just before his death) Philip Sheridan. The only man ever to outrank Eisenhower while living was General of the Armies John Pershing, George Washington having been promoted to that rank only posthumously.
General Grant had saved the country before becoming its president; General Eisenhower, who was deeply competitive, one-upped Grant and saved the world. (Before that, he had spent 16 years as a major without being promoted.) “I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can,” Eisenhower later said, “only as one who has seen its brutality, its stupidity.” But in Eisenhower’s army, high promotions were earned on the battlefield, and he must have secretly welcomed the opportunity for advancement. He was, like General Washington, conscious of his reputation.
And what a reputation it was. It is difficult for Americans living in 2017 to imagine a sitting American president, much less a retired one, being the most highly regarded man in the world. But Richard Nixon did not exaggerate in his eulogy of his predecessor: “Some men are considered great because they lead great armies or they lead powerful nations. For eight years now, Dwight Eisenhower has neither commanded an army nor led a nation; and yet he remained through his final days the world’s most admired and respected man, truly the first citizen of the world.”
Eisenhower hadn’t quite made like Cincinnatus, but he did retire to his farm in Pennsylvania, though he spent much of his time in sunny Palm Desert, Calif., where he golfed by day and played bridge by night. He did not go out of his way to inject himself into public life. Part of that certainly had to do with the rise of the conservative movement, which understood itself as opposed to Eisenhower-style Republicanism —“Our principles are round, and Eisenhower is square,” declared young William F. Buckley Jr. — and whose members did not share the world’s awe of Eisenhower. Like Ronald Reagan, Eisenhower had made his peace with much of Franklin D. Roosevelt’s welfare state, leading Barry Goldwater to dismiss his program as “a dime-store New Deal.”
But Eisenhower had a great deal on his agenda: He wanted to balance the budget and end the Korean War. He integrated the military, which Harry Truman had promised and failed to do. He also desegregated the District of Columbia and the federal government, and used federal funding as leverage to force desegregation elsewhere. He fought for and signed the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960. When the Democrats in Arkansas refused to comply with Brown, Eisenhower sent in the 101st Airborne. He established NASA and DARPA and signed the National Defense Education Act into law. He oversaw the revision of the Atomic Energy Act to allow for the development of civilian nuclear power. He smacked down Joseph McCarthy and, when his advisers unveiled a crackpot scheme to use nuclear weapons to save the French position at Dien Bien Phu, he replied: “You boys must be crazy.” He sent U.S. troops into Lebanon to stop a Soviet-backed revolt. He convinced Congress to pass the Formosa Resolution, obliging the United States to defend Taiwan against Communist China. He forced the withdrawal of foreign forces from Egypt during the Suez crisis. He saw to the elevation of West Germany as a full NATO member, a critical turning point in European affairs. He helped Mohammad Mosaddegh into an early retirement. He welcomed two new states into the Union.
The remarkable thing is that, while all that was going on, Eisenhower managed to convince the nation that there were no crises and nothing to worry about, that he was spending much of his time playing golf. The nation was happy to believe him.
He had waited a long time for his talents and abilities to be appreciated, but upon his election he was intent on serving only a single term. He served two, and perhaps these visual aids will shed some light on how he came to that decision:
But even though he was very much conscious of his place in the world and its history — and was not exactly immune to the temptations of vanity, or to temptation, period — he set an example, tragically abandoned, of conducting a presidential career with humility. Knowing that he would lie in state after his death, he made detailed plans for the event: He was laid out in the $80 government-issue wooden coffin that was the final resting place of thousands of ordinary soldiers, wearing an army field jacket. A soldier, David Ralph, sang “The Old Rugged Cross” at his funeral, which ended with a tape recording of “America the Beautiful.”
He governed in complicated times. Those who take to heart only his warnings about the “military-industrial complex” should bear in mind that he oversaw a military budget that was, in real GDP terms, three times larger than it is today. He sometimes called himself a “progressive conservative,” meaning that, unlike the conservatives of his time, he saw no pressing need to dismantle the welfare state — which at the time (again, in real GDP terms) was barely a quarter of the size it is today. Time has a funny way with things: The conservative movement rejected Eisenhower in the 1950s, but which libertarian, national-security conservative, or traditionalist in 2017 would be unhappy if today’s Republicans cut 75 percent of the welfare state, tripled military spending, cut taxes modestly, and balanced the budget in the process — while working under a president with an excellent record on the most pressing domestic issue of his time?
It is not 1957 anymore, and a return to Eisenhower-era policies would be neither wise nor popular. But a return to modesty, prudence, and genuine responsibility? That is something to which we ought to aspire. The great events of Eisenhower’s day went from Great War to Depression to Holocaust to Cold War, a ghastly progression, but Eisenhower remained famous for his sunny disposition and his winning smile — which was, of course, partly genuine and partly camouflage that protected others from the burdens he bore. The United States does not need a Dwight Eisenhower holiday to go along with the days set aside for men such as Washington and Lincoln. What the United States does need is 365 days in the year on which we insist that the men with whom we entrust the nation’s business endeavor to live up to the example set by men who did so much more with so much less in incomparably harder times — that they, to the extent that they have it in them, be like Ike.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.



ARTICLE
House speaker Paul Ryan declared on Friday that “Obamacare is the law of the land . . . for the foreseeable future.” I foresee a different future, but only if conservatives learn the right lessons from the demise of the American Health Care Act.
Republican and conservative leaders failed the cause of free-market health reform in three principal ways. First, they failed to make a moral case for replacing Obamacare, as opposed to purely repealing it. As a result, they then failed to unite the hard-line and pragmatic wings of the GOP around a coherent health-care-reform proposal. And due to the ambitions of the 100-day legislative agenda, and the peculiar legislative calendar associated with the Senate’s reconciliation process, they chose not to invest the time in getting health-care reform right.
The moral case for replacement
Conservatives intuitively understand the moral case for repealing Obamacare. The law significantly expands the role and scope of the federal government in determining Americans’ personal health-care choices. Its individual mandate is a constitutional injury. And its Rube Goldberg-like maze of insurance regulations has made health insurance unaffordable for millions.
But when it came to replacing Obamacare, Republicans usually presented the case in exclusively political terms: Replacement was necessary because the alternative would be daily front-page stories of the millions thrown off of their health-care plans by the GOP Congress. Conservatives rarely attempted to make a moral case for replacing Obamacare. Indeed, if you believe that the federal government has no legitimate role in helping the uninsured afford health coverage, your intuition is that there isn’t a moral case for replacing Obamacare.
That intuition is understandable, but mistaken, because it is in fact the federal government that has made health insurance so costly through seven decades of unwise policies. Those policies include the exclusion from taxation of employer-sponsored health insurance, an outgrowth of World War II-era wage controls. They include the enactment of the Great Society entitlements, Medicare and Medicaid, in 1965. They include the EMTALA law, signed by President Reagan, that guaranteed free emergency-room coverage to everyone, including the uninsured and illegal immigrants. And they include Obamacare.
(To those who say that the employer tax exclusion is no big deal because “it’s your money,” I say this: If the government only deigns to give “your money” back to you when you elect to work in a W–2 job and hand a fifth of your income over to health-insurance companies, your money isn’t really being treated like it’s your money.)
This seven-decade pileup of federal intervention in the health-care system is directly — and exclusively — responsible for the astronomical costs of the present-day American health-care system. It is not right, when confronted with such a state of affairs, to shrug our shoulders and say “tough luck” to those who can’t afford insurance. Indeed, we have an affirmative duty to reform federal policies so as to make health insurance once again affordable for the working poor.
In America today, we spend hundreds of billions of dollars a year subsidizing health coverage for wealthy Americans through the employer tax exclusion — which disproportionately helps those in high tax brackets — and Medicare, a universal entitlement under which taxpayers are forced to fund generously subsidized government insurance for Warren Buffett, Mitt Romney, and Hillary Clinton. Those federal policies have, for seven and five decades respectively, divorced 200 million Americans from the cost and value of the care they consume.
Large, incumbent companies are addicted to the employer tax exclusion because it makes it harder for employees to leave them for start-up competitors or freelance work.
Put simply, the U.S. health-care system does not reflect the principles of a free market, but rather those of crony capitalism. It is a system designed to benefit C-suite executives and multinational corporations at the expense of hourly wage workers and mom-and-pop businesses.
To advocate for a fiscally fairer system — in which we subsidize the wealthy far less while covering more of the uninsured, with less total federal spending as a result — ought to be in the wheelhouse of a conservative movement that aspires to support opportunity for all and favoritism to none.
But unfortunately, it is often the case that the loudest opponents of replacing Obamacare are the loudest defenders of the crony capitalist status quo ante, fighting to preserve the health-care interests of the Fortune 500, and expressing outrage over Obamacare’s federal mandates while saying nary a peep about Medicare’s.
A freer, fairer health-care system — one that is more affordable and more conservative — would move away from entitlements favoring the wealthy, such as Medicare and the employer tax exclusion, and toward a market-based safety net that helps blue-collar Americans get through rough patches and back on their feet.
Toward a real conservative health-policy consensus
Was the AHCA the ideal bill to achieve those goals? Not really, though that was not entirely the fault of its drafters; President Trump opposes Medicare reform, and even if he didn’t, the reconciliation process would prohibit the consideration of Medicare-related legislation.
But there were other features of the AHCA that got less attractive over time. A leaked draft version of the bill from February contained an important and robust reform of the employer tax exclusion, one that was eliminated by the time the official version of the AHCA came out in March. The final bill pushed the implementation of Obamacare’s Cadillac Tax — Democrats’ ham-handed attempt at reforming the exclusion — back from 2018 to 2026.
The AHCA’s original flat tax credit — a new, universal entitlement — would have moved us farther away from a health-care system in which federal involvement is limited to those who truly need the help. While the final bill contained some reductions of that new tax credit for the highest earners, its structure was not designed to benefit the working poor; indeed, the AHCA would have made premiums unaffordable for millions of blue-collar Americans.
That gets us to the AHCA’s failure to roll back Obamacare’s insurance regulations. Prior to Obamacare, the federal government had no involvement in regulating health insurance for those on the individual market; i.e., those who buy insurance for themselves and don’t receive coverage from their employers or the government. Those new federal regulations — along with the individual mandate — are the two key ways in which Obamacare expanded the involvement of the federal government in the health-care system.
The AHCA didn’t do enough to roll back Obamacare’s insurance regulations, because the bill’s tax credits were designed to remain constant regardless of the regulatory environment, thereby making regulatory changes “incidental” to a reconciliation bill which must, by rule, solely concern taxing and spending.
Despite these flaws, before President Trump and Speaker Ryan issued their Friday ultimatum, the contours of a deal were emerging between hard-line Republicans and their pragmatic counterparts. Under such a deal, the AHCA’s tax credits would be restructured to use a means-tested formula that better served the working poor, a key consideration for pragmatists. That means-tested formula would, simultaneously, allow for the majority of Obamacare’s insurance regulations to be repealed via reconciliation.
The AHCA was a leadership-driven bill; its core policy planks were derived from conversations that Ryan had with the chairmen of key House health-care committees. There was never any consensus among rank-and-file congressional Republicans that “A Better Way” was, in fact, the best way forward.
Governing is hard, as the Speaker rightly noted on Friday. But there remain reasons to be optimistic that the GOP’s hard-line and pragmatic factions can forge a deal that would result in better policy than the AHCA, a deal that makes health insurance more affordable for those who most need it to be so.
Take the time to get it right
The most galling aspect of the AHCA was the process itself, in which House GOP leaders recklessly put haste and politics above good policy. The official draft of the AHCA was posted on congressional websites on the evening of March 6. On March 24 — 18 days later — leaders pulled the bill after issuing a failed ultimatum to its opponents. Worse yet, had the bill actually passed the House, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was prepared to immediately take it to the Senate floor, without hearings and with limited opportunity for constructive amendment.
This rush to bad judgment about a bill that would have reshaped one-sixth of the economy was so terrible that it made Nancy Pelosi look like the standard-bearer of good governance. President Obama was sworn into office in January 2009. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted in March 2010. The fact that Democrats spent 14 months debating health care did not prevent them from passing two other transformative pieces of legislation in the interim: the 2009 stimulus and the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act.
The contrast with the current GOP-controlled government is stark. Over the past month, I heard from numerous members of Congress who said that they couldn’t get consideration for their constructive amendments — and worse yet, that they couldn’t even design constructive amendments — because leadership’s fealty to the GOP’s legislative calendar meant that Republicans only had time for one or two more shots at getting the AHCA scored by the Congressional Budget Office.
It should go without saying that a bill affecting 67 million Americans on Medicaid, 24 million more on the individual insurance market, and 26 million uninsured ought to get more consideration than that. But apparently it doesn’t.
Republicans need to take the time to think health care through, and get it right. Those in leadership who believe they’ve done enough thinking are wrong. The American Health Care Act’s flat tax credits were poorly conceived. Its ad hoc policy giveaways had little economic rationale. Replacing Obamacare via reconciliation was a late change in strategy, and leadership’s ever-changing assessment of what could pass Senate muster reflected that.
Perfection should never be expected of federal legislation, but few believe that the AHCA was the best the GOP could do. Indeed, Republicans retain an opportunity to do far better, if they start afresh and take the time to craft health-care reform the right way.
The consequences of failure are too high to give up now.
— Avik Roy is President of the Foundation for Research on Equal Opportunity.



ARTICLE
According to the New York Times, ten moderates, 15 conservatives, and eight other Republicans would have voted against the Republican repeal-and-replace Obamacare Bill. So, then, 15 or so conservatives made it impossible to pass the bill favored by nearly every other Republican and by President Donald Trump. If that is the case, what we have here is another conservative example of purism and principle damaging another major opportunity to do good.
The first purist conservative example were the Never Trumpers, who believed it was better for Hillary Clinton to be elected president and for the Left to have four more years of presidential power than for Donald Trump to win.
There were valid reasons to wonder whether Donald Trump was a conservative, and valid reasons to oppose him in the primaries. There were no valid reasons to oppose him in the general election. I said all these things then and have thus far been validated beyond my wildest dreams.
In terms of policy, Donald Trump is a conservative dream. From appointing a conservative to the Supreme Court, to approving the Keystone XL pipeline, to weakening the fanatical, hysterical, and tyrannical EPA, to appointing an ambassador to the United Nations who has moral contempt for that immoral institution, to backing Israel, to seeking to reduce economy-choking regulations on business — indeed essentially everything conservatives would wish for in a president — Donald Trump is almost too good to be true.
But he’s still not good enough for those conservatives who remain Never Trumpers, or good enough for the House members of the Freedom Caucus, at least with regard to the repeal-and-replace Obamacare Bill that President Trump worked so hard to have passed.
It is quite possible that I and most other conservatives who supported the repeal bill agree with just about every criticism of the bill that House conservatives made.
But, just as in the general election the question wasn’t whether candidate Trump was our ideal, the question now wasn’t whether the bill was our ideal. The question during the election was: What will happen if the Democrats and the Left win the presidency again? And the question now was and remains: What will happen if the Republicans don’t pass a bill favored by all but 25 to 30 Republican representatives and, most important, by President Trump?
But purists don’t ask such questions. They live in a somewhat different world than the rest of us who actually agree with them on everything. Because we don’t ask what is ideologically pure and true to our principles. We ask: What is closest to our ideology and to our principles?
Or, to put it another way, we have one larger principle than even the conservative ones that we share with the purists: defeating the Left, because that is the Number One priority of those who cherish Western civilization and regard America as the Last Best Hope for humanity.
The conservative Never Trumpers and the conservatives who voted for Trump had everything in common except for that overriding principle. Conservatives who voted for Trump believe that defeating the Left is the overriding moral good of our time. We are certain that the Left (not the traditional liberal) is destroying Western civilization, including, obviously, the United States. The external enemy of Western civilization are the Islamists (the tens or perhaps hundreds of million of Muslims who wish to see the world governed by Sharia), and the internal enemy of the West is the Left. What the Left has done to the universities and to Western culture at the universities is a perfect example.
Passing even a tepid first bill to begin the process of dismantling the crushing burden of Obamacare would have been an important first step in weakening the Left — not only by beginning to repeal Obamacare but also by strengthening the Trump presidency and the president’s ability to go forward with tax reform and other parts of his conservative agenda. The president is now damaged, and the Republican party looks ludicrous. What other word can one use to describe the party that passed 60 resolutions in seven years to repeal Obamacare and then failed to pass a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare — after voters delivered the House, the Senate, and the presidency to the GOP?
Make no mistake, ye of pure heart, this may well be the last time in your lifetimes that Republicans control both houses of Congress and have a conservative president. And understand that time is not on our side; there are congressional elections in a year and nine months.
Providence or luck made it possible to have a conservative president. Act accordingly.
And perhaps consider inscribing on the walls of your House and Senate offices a motto as relevant as “In God We Trust”: “The Best Is the Enemy of the Better.”
— Dennis Prager is a nationally syndicated radio talk-show host and columnist. His latest book, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code, was published by Regnery. He is the founder of Prager University and may be contacted at dennisprager.com. © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
People are freaking out about United Airlines refusing to board three young girls, who were flying for free as pass travelers, on Sunday morning because they were wearing leggings — calling it a sexist, ridiculous, and unfair decision. 
Controversy broke out when one of the plane’s passengers, an anti-gun-violence organization founder named Shannon Watts, saw the incident occurring and tweeted about it. According to Watts, one of the girls was forced to put a dress over her leggings in order to fly, and the other two girls were not allowed to fly at all. 
Watts insisted on Twitter that the airline was being “sexist,” and told the Washington Post that a policy forbidding pass travelers from wearing leggings “sexualizes little girls.” 
Now, in case you don’t know what “pass travelers” are, they’re people who get passes to fly for free because they or one of their “dependents” work for the airline. As UA explained in a series of tweets, being allowed to board as a “pass traveler” requires that you comply with the following “pass traveler” dress code, from the airline’s employee handbook as posted in an article on the Washington Post:
Dress Code
The following attire is unacceptable in any cabin but is not limited to:
The policy is clear — if you want to fly as a pass traveler, then no “form fitting lycra/spandex tops, pants and dresses” — but that still didn’t stop a whole host of people from passionately declaring that these girls had been victims of a cruel injustice. Patricia Arquette called it “terrible.” Everyone’s favorite has-been, Moby, asked if United was “run by Republicans from the 1950’s.” A Jezebel article insinuated that the dress code terms were outdated and absurd, asking: “What sort of Elizabethan torture girdles are they expected to wear?” And, of course, plenty of good ole keyboard-feminists took to Twitter to express their horror as well: 
(Note: As is clear from the above, many of the people outraged by United’s policy did not make sure to understand it before tweeting about it. It does not, after all, ban its passengers from wearing leggings; it bans its pass travelers from wearing leggings, which means that people like Crooked Butters 2.0 would be more than welcome to fly while wearing them.)
But do these people have a point? Are the rules too strict, even if they do apply only to pass-travelers? The answer: It doesn’t matter. 
People who fly as pass-travelers know the rules. By accepting a free flight as a pass traveler, they are also accepting the terms that come with being a pass traveler. If someone accepts an offer based on certain terms, then fails to comply with them, it’s not fair to say that that person was wronged if that offer is rescinded based on the failure to comply. 
The market functions as a series of mutually agreed-upon exchanges. Like it or not, that’s how it works. You cannot, for example, have dinner at an expensive restaurant and then debate with the waiter over the fairness of the price when he hands you the bill. Even if you were right, and the price of the food was ridiculous, you would still have no room to argue because you were well aware of the terms — that is, paying the high price — when you ordered it. 
I am certainly not anti-leggings. In fact, I wear them every time I fly. But do you know what else I always do? Pay for it. Leggings-wearing a deal-breaker for you? Fine, don’t willingly agree to a deal where you get a free flight in exchange for not wearing them. The girls themselves may not have known the rules, but their father, who is responsible for them, must have — and all United did was hold him to the standards that he’d agreed to by accepting a free flight. 
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
If there is one constant in the battles over free speech on campus, it’s this: Apologists for intolerance can rarely justify censorship without making stuff up. Confronted with the difficulty of justifying the actual facts of actual disruptions (and sometimes violence), they resort to defending the academy from enemies it doesn’t have, upholding standards that aren’t under attack, and creating new standards they have no intention of using to benefit anyone but their friends.
I witnessed this countless times during my legal work defending the free-association rights of Christian college students. More than 100 universities in the United States have either thrown Christian groups off campus or attempted to toss groups from campus on the grounds that it is impermissible “discrimination” for Christian groups to reserve leadership positions for Christians. But rather than justify the actual facts of the actual case in front of them, campus officials would assert that if they don’t uphold the campus nondiscrimination policy, then the university couldn’t defend its students against . . . the Ku Klux Klan. Indeed, at Vanderbilt University, administrators directly compared Christian students seeking Christian leadership to segregationists from the Jim Crow South.
Yes, in the name of protecting students from hordes of sheet-clad night riders, the university was ejecting from campus student groups known mainly for playing lots of guitar, volunteering disproportionately at urban homeless shelters, and avoiding the binge-drinking hookup culture that was and is causing its own set of campus problems.
This misdirection was especially pronounced in the aftermath of the Middlebury College affair, in which gangs of students and “outsiders” disrupted Charles Murray’s speech, chased him out to his car, physically attacked him, gave a Middlebury professor a concussion as she tried to defend him, and then tried to block Murray’s car as he left.
But to read some commentators, one would think the protesters’ main problem was that they gave “intolerance” a bad name. Writing “in praise of intolerance” at Slate, author and James Madison University professor Alan Levinovitz, argues that “the subsequent violent protests were wrong not because they were intolerant, but because they were an ineffective and immoral form of intolerance, especially in a civic space dedicated to reason and evidence.”
RELATED: The Rioters Are Winning
And what are the “effective” and “moral” forms of intolerance? Well, here come the straw men. He speaks of creationists and anti-vaxxers — two groups that are most definitely not trying to gain access to campus biology departments — and then moves on to a direct and misguided attack on religious conservatism, condemning (of all people) C. S. Lewis for advocating that “all economists and statesmen should be Christian” and rank-and-file Christians who believe that God wants men to serve as the head of the household.
But here’s the problem — Levinovitz doesn’t point to a single example where those kinds of Christian beliefs are at issue in any modern campus controversy. Even Christian professors who believe in “male headship” (a misunderstood belief that has exactly no relevance to campus politics) don’t import that belief into their English or chemistry or mathematics lectures. One gets the feeling that to weed out or block alleged “extremism” that isn’t a problem on campus, defenders of the status quo are happy limiting mainstream conservatives, especially mainstream religious conservatives.
Indeed, some writers are so entirely within their own ideological bubbles, it seems that they actually believe that the choice is a binary between the progressive monoculture and an extremist dystopia. Writing at The Ringer, a new and already-influential sports and pop-culture website, staff writer Kate Knibbs claims to have figured out what “ideological diversity” really means:
This sentiment would be laughable if it weren’t so common. There’s reasonable, responsible progressivism — and then there is the howling mob of extremists. But again, where is the serious effort at grappling with genuine censorship or with the plight of the actual people campus that progressives are trying to toss from campus?
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education maintains an active and expanding list of all known attempts to disinvite speakers from college campuses. Read it carefully. Yes, there are a few alt-right extremists on the list (there’s a heavy concentration of recent attempts to block Milo Yiannopolous from speaking), but the overwhelming majority of the disinvited are not only thoroughly mainstream, many of them are even on the mainstream Left. Is Madeline Albright too triggering for today’s students? How about Janet Napolitano?
Indeed, the very length and breadth of the list reveals the underlying intellectual bankruptcy of real-world attempts at virtuous intolerance. There is no limiting principle other than the subjective desires and (more importantly) the political power of the people making the demands. At the end of the day, it’s not about justice or standards or tolerance at all, it’s about who runs the place.
RELATED: If We Can’t Unite Against Rioting, We Can’t Unite at All
This weekend, I watched a fascinating twelve-minute documentary on the 2015 free-speech crisis at Yale. You’ll remember it as the controversy in which students melted down because a professor had the audacity to write a polite e-mail declaring that adult students should have the liberty to choose their own Halloween costumes based on their own moral judgments. The documentary features students and even administrators using an interesting word to describe their university. They called it a “home.”
But whose home is it? It’s becoming increasingly clear that the university is the place the Left calls home. And it’s not just the university. Progressive students can now leave one home in academia and immediately enter a new home in progressive corporate America. Conservatives (to the extent they exist) are the invited guests, expected to live by the host’s rules. Break those rules, and you’ll be asked to leave. And they’ll justify your eviction — no matter how kind, how intelligent, or how deferential you are — as a sad necessity. We can’t have those Christians on campus. The Klan might be next.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
Paul Corby, 27, of Pottsville, Pa., needs a new heart. A rare disease damaged his left ventricle, which pumps blood to the rest of the body.
Corby also has autism. He has occasional outbursts and carries a Princess Peach doll for comfort. He lives with relatives because of conflict with a neighbor at the home he shared with his mother. Yet Corby has written three self-published novels and takes his required 19 medications on his own.
When Corby applied to the University of Pennsylvania medical center, doctors deemed him too challenged to care for a new heart, and, in 2011, they rejected him. “Psychiatric issues, autism, the complexity of the process, multiple procedures, and the unknown and unpredictable effect of steroids on behavior” were reasons listed in the denial letter sent to his mother, Karen.
Corby’s story, reported earlier this month in the Washington Post, resonated with us.
Kurt Schuler’s twelve-year-old daughter, Julia, has Down syndrome. She attends a special school in Arlington, Va. Although she has difficulty speaking, she can read hundreds of words. Swimming and yoga are her hobbies. Julia has a cardiac pacemaker, but what if she ever needs a heart?
Now, if she happened to need a kidney, a family member could donate one. But not her father — he already gave his spare to a stranger three years ago after watching two people close to him endure the rigors of dialysis.
As for Sally Satel, she has two new kidneys. In 2006 and again in 2016, two wondrous friends rescued her.
Thus, our interest in Corby and the more than 118,000 people who are on the national transplant “list,” hoping for a new organ. Every day, 22 die, unable to survive the wait.
Transplant decisions can be hard. How long should a drinker be in recovery before he is eligible to receive a new liver to replace the old one destroyed by alcohol? Should a homeless person with no safe place to keep his anti-rejection medications receive a kidney?
Doctors feel the tug of “lifeboat ethics”: With only so many organs to go around, some must die so others may live. Still, we rarely deny stents to patients with coronary-artery blockage even if their diets are poor and they do not exercise. That’s because stents are not rationed. But with organs, the bar is high: Wise stewardship dictates that scarce resources go to those who can maximize the health benefits.
It doesn’t have to be this way. To reduce or even possibly eliminate the organ shortage, we should reward people who are willing to give an organ to save a life.
The barrier is the 1984 National Organ Transplant Act, or NOTA, which bans exchange of “valuable consideration” — that is, anything of material worth — for organs. But altruism, the bedrock ethos of our transplant system, is not enough.
A model compensation plan could look like this: A government entity or a designated charity would offer donors in-kind rewards, such as a contribution to the donor’s retirement fund, a refundable income-tax credit or a tuition voucher, lifetime health insurance, or a contribution to a charity of the donor’s choice. The value of the reward, informal consensus holds, should be around $50,000.
Only the government or a government-designated charity would disburse the rewards. Thus, all patients, not just those with financial means, could benefit. For kidneys, the funds could come from the savings accrued by not spending money on dialysis, which would no longer be needed (dialysis costs roughly $90,000 a year per person).
We suggest imposing a waiting period on prospective donors, thereby cooling any impulsivity.
For organs such as hearts, which can never come from a live person, and livers and lungs, which rarely do, a funeral subsidy of $5,000 to $10,000 or a contribution to the estate of the deceased could serve as a benefit.
An excellent step toward reducing or ending the organ shortage would be to create a pilot program allowing doctors to study the effect of such measures, as proposed last May by Representative Matthew Cartwright (D., Pa.) in his Organ Donor Clarification Act of 2016.
Does this mean that every mentally disabled person will get a transplant? No. Even if there were a surplus of organs, doctors would still need to consider the bigger picture — just as they struggle with, say, how many times to replace a heart valve in an injection-heroin user who keeps getting endocarditis.
Fortunately, some people, such as Paul Corby, can manage their treatment regimen through the social support. Indeed, last fall, 30 members of Congress sent a letter to the HHS Office of Civil Rights requesting that it issue a guidance that transplant teams take social supports into account when they assess people with cognitive or behavioral problems and that social agencies should ensure that patients without those services get them.
Stories like Corby’s will continue to offend our sense of fairness, and needless deaths will mount until Congress allows compensation to those who wish to save a life through donation.
— Sally Satel, M.D., is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. Kurt Schuler, an economist, lives in Arlington, Va.



ARTICLE
Phoenix — As a boy, Barry Goldwater Jr., son of the former senator and 1964 Republican presidential nominee, would step out of his father’s house and shoot at tin cans 50 yards away. Now 78, he says he could fire in any direction and not endanger “anything but a cactus.” His father, born in 1909 in Arizona territory, three years before statehood, built the house on a bluff where, as an adolescent, he rode his horse and slept under the stars. There were about 30,000 people in Phoenix.
The house is now in the nation’s twelfth-largest metropolitan area (about 4.6 million). Arizona’s population, which was approximately 200,000 when the future senator was born and 750,000 when he was elected in 1952, is now approaching 7 million. Today’s governor, Doug Ducey, is demonstrating the continuing pertinence of the limited-government conservatism with which Senator Goldwater shaped the modern GOP, after himself being shaped by life in the leave-me-alone spirit of the wide open spaces of near-frontier Arizona.
Last year, Ducey, 52, told National Review, “If you want to learn something new, you need to read something old. As Barry Goldwater wrote in Conscience of a Conservative, ‘My aim is not to pass laws, it’s to repeal them.’” Ducey was preaching what he already had practiced.
He took office in January 2015, as the Super Bowl was about to be played in suburban Glendale. The head of a state agency vowed that he was going to stage a sting to put Uber out of business, thereby benefiting Uber’s taxi and limousine competitors. Ducey says he fired the man and abolished the agency.
Ducey has sided with Airbnb against local governments that are restricting it in order to protect competitors, and he has removed government-imposed limits (benefiting large beer brands) on the growth of microbreweries. He does not want Arizona to be part of “the permission society.”
This is the title of a new book by Timothy Sandefur, a litigator for the Goldwater Institute, a liberty-promoting think tank located 3.5 miles from the governor’s office. Sandefur documents how far America has lapsed from the Founders’ premise that our rights preexist government, which is instituted to protect them. Today, Americans’ rights are increasingly restricted to those privileges that government grants for its purposes.
Ducey recently demonstrated his understanding of this regarding the rogue barber. A Tucson cosmetology student, who himself was once homeless, disturbed the State Board of Cosmetology’s serenity by giving — without possessing a barber’s license — free haircuts to homeless people. Ducey asked the board to dismount from its high horse and recognize “an act of charity that we should be celebrating.” About a third of Americans now need some form of government permission to do their chosen work, and Ducey wants Arizona to be an oasis of liberty in a society plagued by excessive occupational licensing.
Born in Ohio, he came here to attend Arizona State University and became a businessman who attended Goldwater Institute events. After he joined the founder of Cold Stone Creamery ice-cream shops and opened 1,400 nationwide, he was elected state treasurer, then governor. Seeking advice from the best, he called former Indiana governor Mitch Daniels, who suggested appointing to his administration business people looking for new challenges. (Daniels asked, “Do you know anyone who plays golf on Tuesdays and is miserable?”)
Ducey wants Arizona to have a “West Coast vibe with a Midwestern work ethic,” and he cheekily calls California’s Democratic governor, Jerry Brown, “my partner in growing Arizona’s economy” because California’s business climate is a powerful incentive for firms to relocate in Arizona, where more than 60 percent of its residents were born elsewhere. Arizona’s motto is “Ditat Deus” (“God Enriches”), but His work can be facilitated by Ducey’s goal of getting the state’s income tax “as close to zero as possible.”
He calls himself a “full-spectrum conservative,” including support for free trade (NAFTA has been good for Arizona’s commerce with Mexico), but there are limits to his Western libertarianism. Last year, he led the campaign that resulted in Arizona being the only one of five states voting on the issue to defeat legalization of recreational marijuana: “I’m the son of a cop and the father of three teenage sons.”
The current president has pointedly said, “This is called the Republican party. It’s not called the Conservative party.” Actually, it became a conservative party partly because of what an Arizonan did many decades ago. It may become such a party again, with another Arizonan’s help.
— George Will is a Pulitzer Prize–winning syndicated columnist. © 2017 Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
This is the great paradox of our time: In 2017, it has never been easier for us to satisfy our wants, but we seldom have been more dissatisfied. In the United States, in Europe, in Latin America, and even (more quietly) in parts of Asia and in Australia, there is a sense that things are not going quite right, that the old order — not only in politics but also in commercial and religious life — is dead on its feet. People have turned to leaders and movements of very different kinds — Hugo Chávez, Marine Le Pen, Donald Trump, Black Lives Matter, black-mask anarchism — in search of alternatives. In a sense, they are all the same: Those who had felt themselves to be on the outside looking in are now on the outside looking out.
Once, the question the ambitious and dissatisfied asked themselves was: “How do I climb that ladder?” Current tastes run more toward smashing the ladder and the hierarchies for which it stands in the name of . . . whatever: feminism or anti-feminism, black liberation or white nationalism, global justice or national sovereignty.
We spend our days surrounded by great miracles and minor irritations. My friend Jay Nordlinger recently recounted how Joseph Stalin allowed the film The Grapes of Wrath to be shown in the Soviet Union, believing that to see an indictment of capitalism from within the beast itself would be salutary for the proletariat. The proletariat took another lesson from the film: The Joads, apparently the poorest people in America, had a Ford, a luxury no working man in the workers’ paradise could dream of. A similar story is told about the television series Dallas: The Soviets thought their subjects would recoil from the mischief of J. R. Ewing and his Texas oil cronies, but all the poor Russians could see was that American servants lived better than Soviet doctors and professors. If we could share our daily tales of woe with our great-grandparents — e.g., my complaints about the Wi-Fi on airplanes — they would not take from that the conclusion we intended.
We do not have a problem of privation in the United States. Not really. What we have is something related to what Arthur Brooks (“the most interesting man in Washington,” Tim Alberta calls him) describes as the need for earned success. We are not happy with mere material abundance. We — and not to go all Iron John on you, but I think “we” here applies especially to men — need to feel that we have earned our keep, that we have established a place for ourselves in the world by our labor or by other virtues, especially such masculine virtues as physical courage and endurance. I suspect that is a big part of the reason for the exaggeratedly reverential, practically sacramental attitude we current express toward soldiers, police officers, and firemen. Of course they are brave and deserve our gratitude, but if we had felt the need to ceremonially thank everyone for their service in 1948, we’d never have done anything else with our time. In 2017, there are many more jobs for courtiers than for soldiers, and the virtues earning the highest return are not bravery or toughness but conversational cleverness, skill in social navigation, excellence in bureaucracy, and keenness in finance.
But of course the martial virtues are not the only masculine ones, and men can hardly complain when the commanding heights of our culture and economy, from Hollywood to Silicon Valley to high-level chess, are occupied disproportionately by men.
But what kind of men? Young ones, mainly.
Here is something interesting via Stack Exchange: The average age at which a chess grandmaster born before 1945 was awarded the title “grandmaster” was slightly over 26 years of age. Among chess players born after 1970, the average age for being recognized as a grandmaster is 23. For those born after 1975, it is 22; after 1980, 21; after 1985, 20; after 1990, 18 years and six months. Related: Of the ten largest U.S. companies as measured by market capitalization, none was founded by a man over 50. Only a handful were founded by men over 40, and some of those men, notably Thomas Edison, had impressive careers prior to the founding of their corporate legacies. The average age of their founders at the time of their founding was 29. John D. Rockefeller was 31 when he founded Standard Oil, but he’d already owned a refining business before that. Jeff Bezos was 30 when he founded Amazon. Bill Gates was 20 when he founded Microsoft. Albert Einstein was 42 when he was awarded the Nobel prize, but he won it for work done in his early 20s. Charles Darwin was 50 when he published The Origin of Species, but he was 22 when he set sail on the HMS Beagle and 30 when he published his famous account of that trip.
The newly unemployed man of 40 seeking to reinvent himself is not in the most promising position.
Two things are going on here related to American unhappiness: The first is that as our economy becomes less physical and more intellectual, success in life is less like war and more like chess, and extraordinary success in life — i.e., being part of the founding of a successful new company — is a lot like being a grandmaster: It is an avenue that simply is not open to everyone. It requires talents that are not distributed with any sense of fairness and that are not earnable: Hard work is not enough. Peter Thiel is both a successful entrepreneur and a ranked chess master — and these facts are not merely coincidental.
You can blame Thiel a little bit for the second factor in American unhappiness: Facebook. Facebook and other social-media communities are a kind of ongoing high-school reunion, the real and unstated purpose of which is to dramatize the socioeconomic gulf between those who have made it in life and those who have not. We simply know more about how our more successful friends and neighbors live than our ancestors knew about John D. Rockefeller, about whom they thought seldom if at all. Our contemporary tycoons have reality shows (some of which blossom into presidencies, oddly enough), but social media is itself a kind of reality show for everybody else.
It is not that a modern bus driver can’t live as well as Ralph Kramden did — he lives much better. But Ralph Kramden had something that made his relative lack of financial success much more bearable: Alice.
Even in this age of plenty, when work has become for so many of us more pleasant and more interesting than it was a generation or two ago, most of us are not going to have the kind of jobs that high-school guidance counselors like to call “careers,” which is to say, jobs that are so important and meaningful to us that they form the anchor of our sense of self and our sense of self-worth. Most of us will just have jobs, things that we have to do in exchange for money, positions about which we do not necessarily have any strong feeling other than perhaps the fear of losing it.
But the marriage and family that once was a source of security is today a source of insecurity, an unstable and uncertain thing scarcely defended by the law (it is far, far easier to walk away from a marriage than from a student loan) and held in low regard by much of society. Again, this works differently for men than for women: A single mother is still a mother, but a father who lives apart from his children and their mother is not a father in full. If he is not fixed in this world by being a father and a husband, and if he has only ordinary, unexceptional employment, what, exactly, is he? Self-sufficient, perhaps, and that isn’t nothing. But how does he stand in relation to other men, to his neighbors, and to those who came before him and will come after him? His status is vague, and it is precarious.
And there is the paradox within our paradox: The world is wondrous and beautiful and exciting and rich, and many of us have trouble finding our place in it, in part, because it is wondrous and beautiful and exciting and rich, so much so that we have lost touch with certain older realities. One of those realities is that children need fathers. Another is that fathers need children.
But these are what my colleague David French calls the “wounds that public policy will not heal.” Our churches are full of people who would love to talk to you about healing, but many have lost interest in that sort of thing, too. And so they turn to Trump, to Le Pen, to Chavismo (which is what Bernie Sanders is peddling), and, perhaps, to opiate-induced oblivion. Where will they turn when they figure out — and they will figure it out — that there are no answers in these, either?
And what will we offer them?
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent.



ARTICLE
I didn’t go to Harvard and couldn’t have even in my wildest dreams — for myriad test-score, financial, and Yankee-fan reasons. But when I opened up How I Stayed Catholic at Harvard, I encountered a great and handy guide to practical wisdom for living a good, faithful life. It’s directed to Catholics, from Catholic publisher Ignatius Press, but it’s got gems for anyone looking for tips on living a virtuous and balanced life. Author Aurora Griffin, a recent Harvard graduate, talks with me about the book, the school, and life.
Kathryn Jean Lopez: Is it harder to stay Catholic at Harvard than at other places?
Aurora Griffin: I suppose that’s the conceit of the book — it grabs your attention because Harvard epitomizes the secular university system that makes it so difficult for students to keep their faith on campus. As Scott Hahn said in his blurb for the book, “If these tips can work at Harvard, they can work anywhere!” However, the point of the book is that it’s not really that hard to stay Catholic, even at a secular university — that is, if you are committed to your faith going into college. Given the dominance of secularism in the intellectual and social life of the modern university, I think it would be difficult to become Catholic at a place like Harvard. I have friends who have done it and admire them for it very much. On the other hand, if you come to campus knowing that there are going to be certain challenges and opportunities that I’ve tried to outline in my book, then you can take advantage of the rich resources at your disposal as a Catholic at a place like Harvard. No one says it’s easy or automatic, but intentionally cultivating my faith at a secular university informed the rest of my college experience in a beautiful way.
Lopez: Do you worry the title might keep people from realizing there are insights for anyone at any college, or those who are not in college at all?
Griffin: The title came to me the first time I thought of the idea for the book, and despite having a few conversations with the publisher about changing it to something more approachable or generic, I decided to stick with it. I actually overheard a mom at one of my book signings say, “Bleh! Harvard! My son’s going to this other school, so this doesn’t mean anything to him!” I was sorry to see her respond that way, though I knew that was a risk when I chose the title. Still, I think others have been able to see how it authentically communicates the particularities of my experience. I didn’t stay Catholic at college — I stayed Catholic at Harvard. I lived in Harvard’s dorms, prayed at Harvard’s Catholic center, wrote for Harvard’s newspaper. I can only speak from my experience, but I hope I have done so in a way that lets people draw universally applicable principles from it.
Lopez: Did you ever hesitate to write the book because you’re so young?
Griffin: It’s funny: When my late friend and mentor Michael Novak first saw a manuscript of the book, he said, “It’s way too businesslike for a memoir!” And I laughed and said, “It’s not a memoir. I’m twenty-five years old!” With his advice, I added some personal anecdotes and a note to the readers telling them that I am writing as a recent graduate, with all the limitations and advantages that perspective offers. There are certainly wiser books out there from professors, priests, and campus-ministry professionals, but this one offers something different because it’s written by someone with the experiences, goals, worries, triumphs, and failures of a college student.
As for the hesitating bit: The idea came to me on Easter Sunday in 2015. I dropped everything I was doing to write down my ideas, and it was all there: the title, the publisher, Peter Kreeft writing the forward, and then 37 of the 40 tips. I had a draft by Pentecost. I only really stopped and thought about the fact that I had written a book when I had to go through the painful and repetitious process of editing.
Then there came to be a point with the book where I had submitted final edits to the publisher, and unwisely looked through the manuscript, knowing I wouldn’t be able to make any more changes. It had been a year since I had written the first draft and already I agonized over whether I had told the right story or how I might explain something differently now. Lord willing, I would be able to write a different, wiser version of the book every year for the rest of my life. For now, this is what He wanted, and I hope it encourages students and their parents as it is.
Lopez: How do you know if your friendships are “true” or not? If you are a true friend or not?
Griffin: When it comes to friendships, I’m an Aristotelian through and through. In Book 9 of the Nicomachean Ethics,Aristotle draws the distinctions between friendships of utility (classmates), friendships of pleasure (“party friends”), and true friendships, which inspire both people to greater virtue. You know if you have one of these true and greatest kinds of friendships because you love the other person for his own sake — you will his good precisely because it is good for him, not because you gain from it in any way. I’ve had maybe ten of these friends in my life, and I think that’s more than many people ever get. I should add that a couple of them are not Christian. It’s definitely easier to encourage each other in virtue if you are both aiming at the same thing (i.e., God), but it’s not impossible. If I more fully lived some of the virtues of my pagan friends, I’d be a better Christian.
Lopez: What do you mean when you write, “If you refuse to forfeit your soul, sometimes you will gain the whole world”?
Griffin: My dad told me from the time I was a child that there would come a day when I had to choose between what I most wanted and Christ. Whether that was being popular, or getting some promotion, or whatever I really wanted, one day I would be tested to see if I loved something else more than God. For me, that day came when I was interviewing for the Rhodes Scholarship, and the interview committee asked me whether I would support embryonic-stem-cell research (if I were hypothetically on Bush’s Bioethics Council in 2004, when this was the most hotly contested ethical issue).
I knew that if I said “no,” it would seem like I was a religious fanatic whose ideology hindered her from wanting to pursue legitimate avenues of scientific research. If I said “yes,” I’d be betraying my beliefs about the sanctity of human life from the moment of conception, which of course, is at the heart of one of the most important issues of our day: abortion. Anyway, I wish I could say it was easy, but it was a tough choice because I don’t think I had ever wanted anything as badly as I wanted the Rhodes Scholarship. But I experienced a lot of conviction and grace in that moment and simply told the truth — that human life should be protected, from conception, even when it is inconvenient or profoundly difficult. I won the scholarship, and the board assured me that being authentic to what you believe is attractive and refreshing, even when people don’t agree with you. I realize it doesn’t always turn out in your favor to be authentic, but sometimes when you do the right thing, it works out anyway.
— Kathryn Jean Lopez is a senior fellow at the National Review Institute and an editor-at-large of National Review Online. Sign up for her weekly NRI newsletter here.



ARTICLE
Never in my 53 years have I seen people so casually and cavalierly advocate the murder of the president of the United States. Trump haters are eager to make assassination great again.
Such comments are not just muttered by demented vagrants as they relax on subway grates. Those who say such things too often are prominent, powerful people with platforms from which they publically spew their potentially lethal venom.
Calvin Broadus, Jr., alias Snoop Dogg, recently released a music video for a rap song called “Lavender” in which he aims a handgun right at the skull of a clown dressed as President Donald J. Trump. Mr. Dogg — who pled no contest to felony gun possession in April 2007 — pulls the revolver’s trigger. Out pops a red and white flag that reads: “Bang.”
Hilarious.
Imagine the national collapse that would have ensued if, say, a country-music star released a video in which he leveled a shotgun at an Obama-like clown, only to have sawdust fly from the barrel.
In response to muted criticism of Mr. Dogg’s video, rapper Clifford Joseph Harris Jr., a.k.a. T.I., called Trump a “F***ing Tangerine Tanned Muskrat scrotum skin, Lacefront Possum fur Wig wearing, Alternative fact, Atomic Dog diarrhea face a** man!!!!”
Also from the relentlessly tasteful world of rap “music,” Big Sean’s freestyle number contributes this to the national debate:
Madonna, the global pop star whose albums have sold 306 million copies, erupted at the January 21 Women’s March in Washington, D.C.: “Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.”
Meanwhile, Adam Pally, star of Fox TV’s Making History, told TMZ that if he could travel through time and spend an hour with anyone, “I’d have to kill Trump or Hitler.”
Soon after Trump was elected, British journalist Monisha Rajesh remarked, “It’s about time for a presidential assassination.”
Matt Harrigan former CEO of PacketSled, a San Diego-based cybersecurity company, was eerily specific about his desire to whack Trump.
“I’m going to kill the president. Elect,” Harrigan posted on Facebook last November. He added that he was “getting a sniper rifle and perching myself where it counts. Find a bedroom in the whitehouse that suits you m*****fucker. I’ll find you.”
Two days after Reddit users noticed Harrigan’s vicious, error-filled death threats, PacketSled’s board of directors accepted his resignation.
None of this is cute or charming. The Secret Service should investigate all such episodes, including the Trump haters who have roped even America’s kids into their wicked schemes.
As the East Orlando Post reported, a University of Central Florida group called Knights for Socialism staged an event last month at which it encouraged visiting grammar-school students to use a baseball bat to smash piñatas bearing photos of Trump, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and presidential adviser Steve Bannon.
“Come beat Jeff Sessions’s face in,” said one organizer. “It’s free.”
On a video of the gathering captured by UCF College Republican Douglas Mactye, a little boy asks: “Can I kill Donald Trump?”
Peaceful protest is among the things that make America great. But no facet of the First Amendment shields those who promote the assassination of the President of the United States.
With millions of Americans in a state of perpetual rage, it takes just one deranged leftist to put Donald J. Trump in his crosshairs and pull the trigger. This is especially worrisome given the three security breaches at the White House just this month. In one incident, Jonathan Tran, 26, scaled three barriers and then spent 16 minutes strolling the grounds of the executive mansion while Trump was inside.
A homicide-driven state funeral for President Trump would be as ugly as political resistance gets. And the saddest fact is that too many leftists would greet such a tragedy with high-fives.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff provided research for this opinion piece.



ARTICLE
If you find yourself in Gotham City this weekend, don’t miss Cole Porter’s “The New Yorkers” at the gorgeously renovated City Center theater on West 55th Street. This is the first time that this lost (and now restored) madcap musical has been staged since it premiered in 1930.
I had the enormous pleasuring of seeing it Thursday evening. The highly talented cast of 31 players acts, sings, and dances through an effervescent tale about incredibly randy Manhattan socialites and mobsters who enjoy the latter days of Prohibition with bathtub-gin martinis and beds equipped with extra springs. This is the kind of show that concludes Act I with a stirring, splinter-filled salute to wood. Really.
The New Yorkers: A Sociological Musical Satire is hilarious, extremely clever, and filled with spectacular wordplay and some of the most sparkling lyrics in recent memory. Among much more, “Hackensack” and “medulla oblongata” are used to laugh-out-loud effect.
Broadway veteran Arnie Burton portrays Feet McGee, a caviar-monger who has a bad habit of repeatedly getting shot to death. He stuns the crowd in Act II with “Let’s Not Talk about Love,” a rapid-fire patter song whose tongue-twisting words McGee delivers as if with a Gatling gun:
Burton’s presentation of these Cole Porter lyrics is a marvel of oral dexterity.
With the support of the Joseph S. and Diane H. Steinberg Broadway Restoration Fund and Denise R. Sobel, the producers stitched this show together from faded, long-forgotten carbon copies of the script. The vocal arrangements and orchestrations were lost to time and had to be reconstructed. Several songs written and performed by comedian Jimmy Durante in 1930 had vanished. Thankfully, copies were discovered resting quietly at UCLA’s Durante archive. Other missing songs have been replaced with similar tunes from that era. They function as reliably as spare parts in a well-oiled engine. Keep the hood closed, and everything zooms along in a state of zany normality.
The New Yorkers is jaw-droppingly risqué. It is unimaginable today that the original production got away with so much, during the Herbert Hoover administration. Fleeting assignations, flexible relationships, adultery, and prostitution are all on vivid display. The standard “Love for Sale,” about a forlorn hooker, first walked the streets in this work.
At one point, bootlegger Al Spanish (Tam Mutu) tells affluent heiress Alice Wentworth (Scarlett Strallen), “I still can’t figure out why a swell society girl should fall for a guy like me.” She replies: “You can never tell the depth of the well from the length of the pump handle.”
Under the baton of conductor Rob Berman, the 30-piece Encores! orchestra is right on stage throughout all the action. It beautifully performs Porter’s sophisticated melodies and lush, new arrangements by Josh Clayton and Larry Moore. These musicians are full of surprises, as just the right sound from a bell, triangle, or trombone, at just the right time, elicits fresh titters.
This is a splashy entertainment for fans of musical comedy and the Great American Songbook and anyone who happens to like New York.
But hurry! Cole Porter’s long-dormant, freshly polished gem is available for a severely limited run, as are City Center’s other revivals of vintage productions. Alas, the mirth ends on Sunday.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor with National Review Online.



ARTICLE
‘Debacle” does not have to be the last word on Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare. They can still improve the health-care system, reduce the power of the federal government, and make good on important campaign promises — but only if they start over on health care.
Republicans more or less fell into a losing strategy. They began by thinking they could quickly repeal Obamacare and then replace it at leisure. To their credit, they substantially modified their plan in response to criticism, attempting to do portions of both repeal and replace in one bill. But this new approach was a bad fit for the old schedule. A viable repeal-and-replace plan could not be slapped together as fast as Republicans wanted to move. Compounding the problems were Speaker Ryan’s high-handedness and President Trump’s erratic leadership.
This week’s embarrassments make it hard to see the opening that remains for Republicans. The fact is that Republicans reached a fair degree of consensus during this process. Take the House Freedom Caucus. It is being excoriated in some quarters for its inflexibility, but in fact most of its members made their peace, whatever their misgivings, with the idea of providing tax credits to help people who otherwise could not buy health insurance. They insisted only that those tax credits be coupled with deregulation to lower premiums.
House Republican leaders insisted that they would like to see more deregulation, too, but feared that the Senate parliamentarian would rule that any bill with it would be subject to a filibuster. The parliamentarian has, however, said that she has not been consulted about how much deregulation she would allow.
Cutting regulations could be key to finishing the unification of the party. The Congressional Budget Office has previously found that cutting down on Obamacare regulations would increase coverage, since it would make it possible for people to buy low-premium coverage they prefer. While some specific deregulatory measures make moderate Republicans jittery — even a careful relaxation of the rules governing pre-existing conditions would induce some queasiness — improving the coverage numbers would allay their main concern about replacing Obamacare. Expanding the tax credit for people making a little bit too much money to qualify for Medicaid could allay it more.
This basic approach would be compatible with a variety of legislative tactics. House Republicans could try to pass an aggressive bill without much regard for whether it can pass the Senate: At least they would have outlined and stood for a set of health-care policies that make sense, that offer something for conservatives and moderates, and that can serve as the basis for future action. Or they could work with the parliamentarian and with senators to see whether they could get a bill better than this week’s past the finish line.
If they went this route, Republican leaders would not spring a new bill on their followers and allies and tell them they have to vote for it posthaste. There would have to be more patient cajoling and less last-minute bullying. We know many Republicans on the Hill and inside the White House feel that they have already spent enough time on this issue. But we have no sympathy for this complaint. They have spent seven years saying they were going to replace Obamacare. They didn’t say they were going to spend a few weeks on a half-baked plan and then give up. Back to work, ladies and gentlemen.



ARTICLE
Yesterday in the House of Commons, U.K. leaders and MPs from all parties declared with restrained dignity and admirable unanimity that the terrorist who murdered a policeman and three other people, and who severely maimed (and may yet kill) more than 30 others, had embarked on a fool’s errand as well as a murderer’s one. His crimes would not advance his perverted cause. He would never succeed in intimidating a strong democracy. Our democratic and liberal values would survive and triumph over his indiscriminate brutality.
“We are not afraid and our resolve will never waver in the face of terrorism,” said Prime Minister Theresa May. She was echoed by Opposition Leader Jeremy Corbyn, who has not always been firm against terrorism but who rose to this occasion, saying that we “must not allow fear or the voices of hatred to divide or cower us.” Tributes were paid to the House of Commons policeman who died protecting MPs and to the Tory MP, a former soldier, who rushed to defend the parliamentary community and to help the wounded. These expressions of grief and pride were returned with interest from leaders and friends abroad.
I have to confess that as someone who covered many such events from the parliamentary press gallery from the 1970s onwards, I hate these occasions. They fill me not with pride in our “values” or self-confidence in our institutions but with a dread sense that our actions will not live up to our words. One set of condemnations that had real value was the very forceful criticism of terrorist acts from Muslim leaders who, in effect, called on their communities to disavow jihadism in unmistakable terms. That mattered; it might make impressionable young people think twice about killing innocents.
Otherwise, will the brave words have real meaning? Will Her Majesty’s Government repeal the Human Rights Act when next some judge, polishing his conscience in public, cites it to prevent the extradition of a mass murderer who has served his time, on the grounds that it would separate him from his family in the Home Counties?
Suppose this week’s terrorist had not been shot by security guards as he tried to cut his way into Parliament. What would his future have been?
Well, we can hazard a guess from some events that took place on the previous day. Had he survived, the terrorist might have lived until nearly his full lifespan on a government salary, and after his death received a series of (admittedly shifty) tributes from previous and present prime ministers, had crowds and numerous dignitaries at his funeral, heard from the grave Bill Clinton urging that his work be completed by those who remain, and even feel a quiet satisfaction that his widow and children would be getting a “private” letter of condolence from the Queen.
After all, exactly such tributes this week were lavished on the corpse of Martin McGuinness, who was the organizer of mass murder in Northern Ireland by the Provisional IRA and who personally murdered a handful of the more than 3,600 people who died in the Troubles. Adjusting for population size, that would be roughly equal to 750,000 murder victims in the U.S. Half of those were directly murdered by the “Provos,” and they bear the lion’s share of the moral responsibility for the rest. In the 25 years before the renewal of the Troubles, there had been only two murders in Northern Ireland.
It will be argued in mitigation that he was being praised for his work in the “peace process” that finally ended the Troubles. Historian Ruth Dudley Edwards provides a brutally fair judgment on that here.
He never repented, never apologized, never showed remorse for the killings, tortures, and maimings he had inflicted. And what little credit he deserved for his role in the peace process was vastly outweighed by the political, financial, and “respectability” credentials he gained from it. In the 1990s the IRA had been beaten by the security forces, including the British Army, the intelligence services, and a reformed Special Branch in the Royal Ulster Constabulary. They had infiltrated the IRA from top to bottom, convicted and imprisoned more and more of its terrorists, and forced McGuinness and Gerry Adams into a life of squalid failure on the run with the threat of eventual prosecution and a lifetime in prison over their heads. They were beaten and they knew it.
So they proposed to the London and Dublin governments a deal that would halt the murders and bring them in from the cold — a deal that meant not only a ban on terrorist prosecutions but also a guaranteed ministerial position in a formally gerrymandered Northern Ireland assembly. The Good Friday Agreement meant many things, some of them good, but its most politically significant meaning was as a face-saving and employment measure for McGuinness, Adams, and Sinn Fein/IRA.
Were there no heroes in this? As at Westminster this week there were some brave and largely unacknowledged heroes — and they came from the same stable of police and public service workers. In the coming issue of the Australian magazine Quadrant is a review of a book by such a hero of the Troubles, an RUC Special Branch officer, William Matchett, who fought the IRA to a standstill from the early 1980s to the end. It is reviewed and recommended by one of the terrorists he fought, Sean O’Callaghan, who, unlike Adams and McGuinness, did repent and joined the forces of democracy, law, and civil order (at great risk to his own life). O’Callaghan ends his review by demanding “Read the book.” Good advice.
I add: Read the review and ask yourself if William Matchett would have worked as hard and taken so many risks to protect the rest of us if he had known in 1982 that an unrepentant Martin McGuinness would go to his reward wafted on the hymns and praises of Bill Clinton, Tony Blair, and the combined choirs of the British and international establishments?
Then ask: What will a young jihadist think this week when he compares the harsh condemnations of Thursday with soft impeachments of Tuesday? Might he not be persuaded that History, as well as Allah, is on his side?
— John O’Sullivan is an editor-at-large of National Review.



ARTICLE
Those who were terrorized by the bomb threats against Jewish community centers around North America breathed a sigh of relief when the alleged perpetrator was arrested on Thursday. The fact that the person behind the more than 100 threats turned out to be an Israeli Jew was the sort of thing that left many Jews feeling a bit ashamed that a co-religionist could have carried out this vile deed even if, as has been reported, he may have a brain disorder and be mentally disturbed. But the reaction from some of the liberal groups that had used these incidents to blame President Donald Trump for what they claimed was a surge of anti-Semitism had to involve more than a few blushes.
The arrest of the person who had been tracked down by the joint efforts of the FBI and Israeli police provided an astonishing end to a crime story that had generated widespread outrage. This is not the first time a hate crime against an ethnic or religious minority turned out to have been committed by a member of the targeted group. Nor should it blind the world to the reality of anti-Semitism since, as FBI hate-crime statistics have consistently shown, such offenses far outnumber those committed against members of any other faith, including Muslims, the group that has supposedly been under siege from a mythical post-9/11 backlash. Far-right groups do spout hate against Jews and, in an even more prevalent and dangerous trend, the far Left and Islamist groups have joined forces in promoting anti-Semitic hate that masquerades as anti-Zionism.
But the problem with the JCC threats is that among those organizations that exist to combat anti-Semitism such as the Anti-Defamation League, the bomb threats were the centerpiece of a not-so-subtle effort to blame an alleged uptick of anti-Semitic attacks on Trump. For months, they’ve been telling us the bomb threats were the inevitable result of a surge in hate that was caused by Trump’s comments during the presidential campaign and/or the slowness of his administration to directly condemn them.
The narrative of Trump’s unleashing the beast of anti-Semitic incitement had a certain superficial logic to it, since his behavior while running for president was, at best, insensitive, and, at worst, he seemed at times to be dog whistling to extremists. But it was a bit too convenient to be true. The arrest of the Israeli teenager, along with the arrest of a left-wing writer in another bomb-threat case, makes the effort to connect the dots between the bomb threats and Trump a fiasco. Had the mastermind behind the more than 100 threats been a white supremacist or someone who could have been labeled an alt-right sympathizer or even an extremist Republican, it would have vindicated the effort to blame the president. Instead, Democratic politicians and liberal groups who pushed this narrative ought to apologize, if not to the president, then to their deceived constituents who eagerly applauded an all-too-neat version of events that linked a political opponent to hate.
That won’t happen, because the same liberals who were so heavily invested in blaming Trump are already falling back to the position that even if the president didn’t inspire those who committed these crimes, his conduct was still reprehensible and might have incited somebody to do something bad somewhere. But after months of hyping a few egregious incidents into a full-scale panic about anti-Semitism, it will take more than such a lame rationalization to wipe the egg off of their faces.
Yet the main point here isn’t whether some liberal groups are made to apologize to Trump. The problem is that what happened in recent months was an attempt to politicize an issue that isn’t a matter of partisan dispute.
Liberal Jewish groups and their supporters were devastated by Trump’s victory and were naturally drawn to efforts to “resist” his presidency. And the bomb threats provided them with a coherent narrative they could use to justify stepping over the line into open partisan warfare against the new administration.
The tipoff that there was something wrong with this narrative was the way left-wingers who were themselves responsible for promoting anti-Semitic attacks on Israel and its supporters jumped at the opportunity to blame Trump for Jew hatred. Among them was Linda Sarsour, a Palestinian-American who was one of the chief organizers of the women’s march against Trump on inauguration weekend and then of the “women’s strike” in March. She is also a supporter of the BDS (Boycott, Divest, Sanctions) movement that trades in anti-Semitic invective and delegitimization. She was nonetheless embraced as a heroine by many Jewish liberals. The desire to build a bigger anti-Trump coalition was so great that not even her comment to Vanity Fair that Jewish women would not be accepted in the protest movement unless they disavowed Zionism wasn’t enough to deter some on the left from associating with her.
Anti-Semitism exists in the fever swamps of the far Right, but the chief proponents of anti-Jewish invective in the public square today are those on the left who disguise their anti-Semitism behind a thin veneer of anti-Zionism. It is this strange alliance of Islamist and liberal elites that is the driving force of the trend that the Obama State Department correctly labeled a “rising tide of anti-Semitism.” But in their eagerness to associate Trump with Jew hatred, liberals hitched their wagon to a false narrative in which a political opponent could be tarred with the brush of hate.
By “crying wolf” about Trump, liberal groups not only undermined their own credibility, they also diverted attention from genuine problems like the BDS movement and made it harder to focus on combating their hate.
For all of his obvious flaws, Trump is clearly well disposed to both Jews and Israel. Yet Jewish liberals were too invested in their opposition to him to understand that by linking him to anti-Semitism they were making a colossal strategic error. Making anti-Semitism a political football, instead of a cause that unites both parties and their leaders, was a dangerous game that has now blown up in their faces.
Correcting that mistake should start with an apology, but it must also involve a realization among liberals that the “everybody I don’t like is Hitler” paradigm not only does nothing to combat anti-Semitism but will also make it more difficult to mobilize public opinion the next time a genuine threat arises.
— Jonathan S. Tobin is opinion editor of JNS.org and a contributing writer to National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter at: @jonathans_tobin.



ARTICLE
There is a case for bipartisanship, but it is not the one you usually hear.
Bipartisanship is desirable not because the best course is likely to be found at the midpoint between two extremes: The man who drinks to excess every day is a drunk, and so is the man who does so every other day. There is no compromise between fidelity and infidelity. When presented with a good idea and a bad one, there is no point in being a little bit stupid for the sake of compromise.
No, bipartisanship and compromise are worth pursuing as a means of achieving stability and predictability in policy. It matters less whether the tax rate on long-term capital gains is 15 percent or 18 percent than it does that investors know it isn’t going to change every two years. Compromise is good because broad political buy-in is necessary to predictable government.
But that has its limit, and Senator Chuck Schumer has reached it.
Senator Schumer has announced that he intends to filibuster the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. There is no substantive case against Gorsuch, who is well qualified for the position and held in generally high regard — including by Democrats. In 2006 he was confirmed unanimously to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. His most controversial position is that judges should stick to the law.
Senator Schumer is doing the Republicans a favor without intending to: He is giving them a perfectly legitimate reason to suspend the filibuster. Republicans should do so — and not only for the purpose of moving forward the Gorsuch nomination.
Undivided government is not going to last forever. It never does, and, with a mercurial president and a Republican caucus caught between needful but unpopular conservative reforms and the realities of electoral politics, it may not last very long at all. Best to make the most of it, and take the opportunity to hit Schumer et al. where it hurts: In the bank account.
Among the many criticisms of the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting is that they are basically full-employment programs for Democratic hacks and activists. They should be eliminated entirely — cutting their funding is not enough, because funding can be restored in the future. Also on the chopping block: AmeriCorps, the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, the Legal Services Corporation, and the Title X Family Planning Program, which is essentially a federal allowance for Planned Parenthood.
Congress should also target grants and other federal funding directed to political organizations. For example: La Raza, through its banking operations (of course it has banking operations!) has received millions of dollars in federal subsidies. While the federal government probably cannot adopt a general prohibition on nonprofit organizations that receive federal funding from lobbying and electioneering with their own money (this would violate the First Amendment), the comptroller general has found routine violations of existing laws against using federal funds for political advocacy and lobbying activities. There is in fact a federal criminal law against using federal appropriations to underwrite lobbying. You will not be surprised to learn that this law — which has been on the books for nearly a century — apparently never has been enforced. “The exact parameters of this law, adopted in 1919, are not precisely known,” writes the Congressional Research Service, “as there appears never to have been an enforcement action or indictment returned based on the provision.” Time to tighten that up.
Congress should also adopt a general prohibition on distributing federal settlement funds to nonprofit organizations. Billions of dollars in federal settlements have been directed to “non-victim entities” such as the Urban League and La Raza, which are fundamentally political organizations. If Republicans cannot bring themselves to act out of prudence and principle, then they at least ought to have a sense of self-preservation sufficient to stop funding campaigns against themselves.
The Left has a weakness: It is dependent upon government money. It has long accepted that arrangement complacently, on the theory that its friends will generally control the government, if not always at the elected level then at the administrative and bureaucratic level. (The Left has not been wrong about that.) According to the Congressional Budget Office, about 17 percent of all federal outlays take the form of assistance to state and local governments — funds that in turn account for about a quarter of all state and local government spending. A fair portion of that money ends up simply passing through to nonprofits and politically connected contractors who provide dubious “outreach” and “development” services. If Republicans are looking for a little leverage over New York, there it is.
And when they get around to tax reform, Republicans also should eliminate the deductibility of state and local taxes against federal taxes. The GOP can finally say it is for a tax increase on the rich — so what if it’s mainly rich Democrats in Connecticut and New York?
“Defund the Left!” has been a conservative battle cry for some time, but one that has produced relatively little in the way of results. But Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi have made it abundantly clear that the Democrats simply do not intend to act as partners in government. It may be that this is the Republicans’ best opportunity to leave them with a permanently diminished base — financially and, hence, politically.
Now is the time for a little petty partisanship in the public interest.
— Kevin D. Williamson is the roving correspondent for National Review.



ARTICLE
Hollywood hasn’t yet caught up with the moral panic of the past year and a half, so a movie such as CHiPs — a theatrical version of the 1977–1983 TV series about the California Highway Patrol — reflects the general mindlessness of mainstream entertainment. But CHiPs still has political content; its vacuousness is consistent with the anecdotes and social rules regularly offered in TV product that placates viewers between commercial spots. The political pacification continues even while the movie turns the old series’ comforting morality on its head.
This flip into R-rated raunch is also Hollywood convention. The gimmicky heroes of CHiPs, Officers Jon Baker (Dax Shepard) and Frank “Ponch” Poncherello (Michael Peña), still ride motorcycles patrolling the Los Angeles streets, highways, and outlying areas, but this time the cops are as idiosyncratic as the cranky drivers and criminals they monitor. Shepard’s Baker, a former X-Games biker who becomes a cop after his youthful career crashes, and Peña’s Ponch, a semi-rogue FBI agent, are teamed up and sent to apprehend a crime ring inside the force.
CHiPs is mostly interesting for its update of cop lore. The comic approach of writer, director, co-star Shepard takes the TV series’ cult figures no more seriously than its references to infamous California police incidents, from the Rodney King video to the O. J. Simpson highway chase to the late-1990s Rampart scandal. Yet it’s impossible to watch CHiPs without also thinking about Hollywood’s treatment of California policing — whether in those mid-20th-century films noirs, the 1970s socially conscious exposés (like the movies based on former cop Joseph Wambaugh’s semi-autobiographical novels), or the endless, cheaply produced TV cop shows that featured Los Angeles itself as a fictionalized supporting character. The L.A. cop show capitalized on the fodder at hand in a company town.
Cop movies are not necessarily progressive or conservative as a genre, although the ’70s law-and-order trend (such as Clint Eastwood’s Dirty Harry series) suggested the latter. Reliance on the genre’s popularity — as a modernized version of the Western that updated urban social history and mythology — always demonstrates the film industry’s political ambivalence. (After all, who’s going to protect those fantastic million-dollar homes?) But the genre also brings out the inner-city audience’s ambivalence — both fascination and disdain vis-à-vis authority figures who walk the line as either public servant or public menace.
CHiPs doesn’t reflect the anti-cop hysteria recently fomented by the news media, which is ironic, considering that this era of cultural panic is partly a creation of the unholy blur between TV networks’ “news” and “entertainment” departments. If CHiPs were more than a dirty-minded action-comedy, it would dramatize the contemporary purgatory of law-vs.-chaos, and perhaps provide better understanding of what has infected our everyday political discourse. Instead, Shepard and a crew of almost 150 stunt performers stage new versions of Keystone Kops chase-and-explosion scenes through such L.A. locales as the Fourth Street Bridge, Shoreline Drive, and the National Forest’s Devil’s Punch Bowl. They waste the opportunity to make social realism express the modern condition — which was thrilling when Peter Hyams made his 1975 L.A. cop movie Busting.
The armored-car robberies conducted by an inside group of CHiPs officers (led by Vincent D’Onofrio, lending gravitas to a sketchy subplot) steamroll over the story’s moral conflicts (“I’m making a hole,” D’Onofrio shouts behind the wheel of a SWAT tank). The dirty jokes and farcical mishaps in CHiPs include that hoary device of the profane, apoplectic black police chief (Isiah Whitlock Jr.) from Beverly Hills Cop and 48 Hrs. It still gets laughs, but it prevents insight into the complex motivations behind corruption — which make cops a reflection of our own humanity, as Robert Aldrich showed in his expressionist 1977 film of Wambaugh’s The Choirboys.
Could the erratic events and characterizations in CHiPs also indicate Hollywood’s cowardice about making heroes of police in this politically panicked moment? Plot logic comes and goes so that nothing develops from D’Onofrio’s intense declaration of “I’m Law, motherf***er! The old kind!” or its opposite, Peña’s soulful, comic slow-burn when indicating Ponch’s secret nerve and mischievous thoughts. There’s richness to these two performances as well as the tragedy of superb actors trapped in crap.
In CHiPs’s best moment, Baker reminds Ponch: “You save people! That’s what a person does, especially an officer of the law.” That “especially” clause resounds: It’s what audiences take comfort hearing whether or not they trust it, even if Hollywood doesn’t always believe in it. During our national moment of ongoing panic, that reminder extends from the beat cop to the Congress.
— Armond White is the author of New Position: The Prince Chronicles.



ARTICLE
Home-sharing is a centuries-old American tradition. For generations, people have let visitors stay in their homes rather than in hotels, sometimes in exchange for money or for doing chores. New immigrants have frequently stayed in the homes of more established immigrants. During the days of segregation, traveling businessmen or musicians would often stay in the homes of local residents because they were excluded from hotels.
The only difference now is that the Internet has enabled homeowners and travelers to connect better than ever before, and online home-sharing platforms such as Airbnb and Homeaway now help millions of homeowners to rent out rooms or houses to help pay their bills. Airbnb alone now offers more rooms than major international hotel chains such as Hilton and Marriott. Washington, D.C., has about 31,000 hotel rooms, but on the evening of the 2017 presidential inauguration, Airbnb alone reported renting out some 13,000. And home-sharing isn’t just for tourists. A recent study by the travel-expense company Concur found that home-sharing bookings by business travelers have grown 56 percent over last year.
Yet cities nationwide have responded to innovations in home-sharing by imposing draconian new rules that deprive Americans of some of their most basic constitutional rights. Officials in Kauai County, Hawaii, can levy fines of up to $10,000 per day for homeowners who offer short-term rentals. New York City fines people up to $7,500 if they allow guests to stay in their apartments, and the city just issued its first fines under this ordinance against two homeowners, amounting to a total of $17,000.
My organization, the Goldwater Institute, had to take the city of Chicago to court to block some of the most extreme regulations in the country. The city adopted a 58-page ordinance that allowed city inspectors to search people’s homes without a warrant, “at any time and in any manner,” if they got a home-sharing license, and required home-sharers to take down their guests’ personal information and hand it over to the government upon demand — again, without a warrant. Apparently, our lawsuit reminded city officials about the constitutional protections against arbitrary searches, because they promised to develop rules to fix one provision and removed the other entirely. But the rest of the onerous regulations remain in place.
These regulations hurt communities, destroy an important opportunity for homeowners to make money to pay their bills, and punish the responsible majority of property owners for the potential wrongs of a few.
There is a better way. Last year Arizona lawmakers adopted legislation that expressly forbids local governments from imposing blanket bans on home-sharing. The law allows local governments to restrict traffic and noise and target criminals, but doesn’t allow them to ban home-sharing entirely. That makes sense. Cities don’t ban backyard barbeques or Super Bowl parties just because some might get noisy. Instead, they enforce reasonable restrictions on noise and traffic while respecting people’s rights to use their property as they choose.  
Passed with overwhelming bipartisan support, Arizona’s Homesharing Act put an end to the days when homeowners could face jail time and thousands of dollars in fines for letting guests stay in their homes. The law makes Arizona the most technology-friendly state in the country. A year later, legislatures in Tennessee, Nebraska, Missouri, and Texas, among others, are considering following suit. The Indiana state house has already passed the bill, and the senate looks poised to consider it in the next few days.
Some state lawmakers object to these state laws because, they say, they trample on local community authority. Obviously local governments should protect neighborhoods against nuisances, and existing laws already give them plenty of authority to do that. But one-size-fits-all prohibitions on home-sharing are intrusive, encourage neighbors to spy on one another, and distract the police from fighting actual crime. Worse, they’re often motivated by a busybody desire on the part of some neighbors to limit what other homeowners may do with their property out of simple NIMBY-ism.
Local autonomy is beneficial when it ensures that elected officials are responsive to voters. But that’s not an excuse for enabling the government to intrude on important rights such as property and privacy. The reason we have state and federal constitutional protections for our rights is to ensure that local governments focus on their most vital jobs — including protecting quiet, clean, and safe neighborhoods — without turning into a tyranny of the majority.
A sensible state law that allows cities to regulate property within limits, but not to wield their powers like a sledgehammer, would protect property rights as well as neighborhood values — and would let people experiment with new ways to engage in traditional practices like home-sharing. 
— Christina Sandefur is an attorney and the executive vice president of the Goldwater Institute.



ARTICLE
Some nicknames are ironic, as when you call a huge person “Tiny” or a bald person “Curly.” How about “Mad Dog,” our defense secretary, James Mattis? He must be the least mad dog around.
I noted this last month, when Mattis flew to Iraq. Reporters asked him about that country’s oil. Should the United States seize it? That’s what the president has been advocating for a long time.
Mattis replied, “I think all of us here in this room, all of us in America, have generally paid for our gas and oil, and I’m sure that we will continue to do that in the future.”
More recently, the president said that Germany owed America “vast sums of money,” on account of NATO. As I said in a column earlier this week, the president seems unclear on how NATO works.
Testifying in the Senate, Mattis was asked about this very thing: whether Germany owes us money. Mattis gave a matter-of-fact answer about how NATO works. (For a news article, go here.)
If Mattis keeps up his sanity and truth-telling, I’m afraid there will be repercussions. Anyway, I’m glad he is at the Pentagon, and I congratulate the president on this cabinet pick, among other sterling ones.
Nowruz is the Iranian new year. President George W. Bush used to send Nowruz greetings to the people of Iran, excluding the dictatorship. Interviewed by the Voice of America’s Persian service on this holiday in 2008, Bush said, “My thought is that the reformers inside Iran are brave people,” and “they’ve got no better friend than George W. Bush.”
President Obama changed tack. At Nowruz, he pointedly sent greetings to “the people and leaders of Iran.” He said that the United States sought “engagement that is honest and grounded in mutual respect.”
Some of us thought that there was no respecting a dictatorship that, among other things, stones girls to death for the “crime” of having been gang-raped.
I now see that President Trump has sent his own Nowruz message: “To the Iranian people and all those around the world celebrating Nowruz: On behalf of the American people, I wish you freedom, dignity, and wealth.”
Sounds good.
Everyone says that Neil Gorsuch has done a great job at his Supreme Court hearings. (By “everyone,” I mean everyone on the right.) So, hurray, hurray, huzzah, huzzah. But I was thinking: If I were a senator, I might be a little bit miffed.
Ever since Bork, basically, no one has said anything — no Supreme Court nominee has said anything, in these hearings. They are anodyne, empty, practically worthless. The nominees pretend they have no views, no politics, no life. They are blank slates, waiting to be written on, maybe.
Oh, I couldn’t possibly tell you my views on Citizens United! Jeepers creepers! I’m not that kind of girl!
Oh, grow up. We’re going to have Republican nominees and Democratic nominees. Conservative nominees and liberal nominees. That’s the way the thing works. Sometimes conservatives get a president (and thus nominees); sometimes liberals get a president (and thus nominees).
One of the things I devoutly wish for is a less infantile, more grown-up political culture.
During a hearing, Senator Sasse conveyed a question from his wife: “How in the world is Gorsuch able to go so many hours at a time without peeing?”
I thought of ol’ Strom, who reminisced about his filibusterin’ days. Paul Douglas, the liberal Democratic senator from Illinois, would place glasses of water or orange juice near him, tempting him. Strom was pretty disciplined.
Yet blacks got their civil rights.
In Washington this week, I was talking with a smart, experienced lawyer — a true conservative. He marveled at what Mitch McConnell did, blocking Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland, waiting for something else.
For many on the right, McConnell wears a black hat, the epitome of the Establishment RINO. But what McConnell did was gutty as hell, said my friend, and a tremendous service to the general conservative cause (and the cause of constitutionalism).
Wonder if the Right will ever credit him …
Are there no jobs in Detroit, or too few? Then job-seekers in Detroit should move to Texas. “No fair!” some people say. “Why should they have to move?”
This got me to thinking. A lot of people in Detroit started out in Appalachia, or their parents did. Or their grandparents did. A lot of them started out in the Deep South. (I know this, being from southeastern Michigan.)
Did they want to move? Did they want to leave their birthplaces? Probably not. But they needed jobs, and the auto factories had them.
All right, how about their forebears? A lot of them came from England, Scotland, or Ireland. Did they really want to leave those places and cross the ocean, to the new and unknown world? Surely not. But they did it, for opportunity.
Should Detroit be the final resting place, so to speak? Should no one have to move again, ever?
You get my drift. And this is the subject of a long essay or study — preferably by Kevin Williamson — rather than a lil’ impromptu.
I was struck by something when reading an obit of Kika de la Garza, the Texas Democrat. It was this: “He described his goal in Congress as bridging ‘the tremendous gap between the consumer and the fellow who rides on the tractor or who is picking the fruit.’”
That’s a very hot topic today.
Here is a fascinating story from the Washington Post, headed “White House installs political aides at Cabinet agencies to be Trump’s eyes and ears.” There’s a guy at the Pentagon whose job is to monitor Mattis. Other Pentagon hands refer to this guy as “the commissar.”
The bigger concern, I’m sure, is the existing bureaucracy, or the “deep state,” as some like to say (borrowing a term from Turkey).
I thought of George Shultz, who was secretary in three departments: labor, treasury, and state. I interviewed him in 2008. Here’s the part I was thinking of:
Huh.
President Trump gave an interview to Time magazine — whose Michael Scherer brought up the old story about Ted Cruz’s father and Lee Harvey Oswald. The president replied that he had nothing to do with the story.
He said, “Well, that was in a newspaper,” and “I was referring to a newspaper.”
Interesting how, in Trump’s mind, the National Enquirer is a “newspaper” — while so many other outlets are “fake news,” or, as Trump tends to tweet it, “FAKE NEWS.”
The National Enquirer is the virtual epitome of fake news. Think of babies conceived by humans and extraterrestrials (in inconceivable ways).
If you point this out, people will say — trust me, I know — “John Edwards!” In 2007, the National Enquirer had the story — the true story — about that politician and an extramarital affair.
Yes. But on the other side are countless stories about the ET babies and the like (including Cruz-Oswald). And if you think the Enquirer will ever target Trump, rather than his opponents – don’t wait up nights.
As you know, the North Koreans recently conducted further missile tests. In response, the United States moved a missile-defense system to South Korea. Now the Russian foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, says that this move was “a response completely out of proportion.”
Right. Not if you’re in South Korea, looking at the wrong end of a Nork nuke.
In a television interview, Senator John McCain described Kim Jong-un as “this crazy, fat kid that’s running North Korea.” I hugely appreciate the senator’s bluntness.
So, here’s another Nazi, or apparent Nazi, 98 years old. There is an extradition issue. I have been reading these stories my entire life. You have too, probably. Someday, there will be no more — no more such stories, and no more Nazis. (That is, no more Nazis from the Third Reich. Nazi types, we will always have with us.)
There is an expression in golf, “Every shot pleases someone.” I thought of this when reading this story: “US president helps fuel surge in Mexican tourism to Canada.”
I admire Pete du Pont and Steve Forbes for many reasons, and here’s one: They are scions of wealth, and they understand and defend capitalism. This is relatively rare, in my observation. Usually, scions of wealth — inheritors of wealth — are rather sheepish about capitalism, even antagonistic.
Over the years, I have made this point to both du Pont and Forbes. I wish I could have made it to David Rockefeller, personally. I would have liked to compliment him, thank him.
He has now died at 101. Rockefeller said, “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history.” (See this article.)
Yes. David Rockefeller had a superb education, by the way: It included studies with Schumpeter and Hayek. Not too shabby.
Let’s have a little language. Now and then, I use the word “conversatin’,” for “conversing,” because it is an old Americanism and I like it. Riding home on Amtrak the other day, I heard it over the public-address system: “No conversatin’ in the Quiet Car.” It warmed my heart. I thought I was getting to be the only one …
A little music? For a post on Elina Garanca, the Latvian mezzo-soprano, in recital, go here. A little more music? For a post on Miah Persson, the Swedish soprano, in recital, go here.
At the latter recital, I sat next to a woman with a sign on her back. (I didn’t see it when we were seated. Only at intermission, when she was walking around.) The sign said, in huge letters, “NO!” And, underneath, in smaller letters, something about resisting fascism.
I often feel very strongly about things, but I have never worn a sign. Maybe I should. More effective than Web columns? Than tweets?
See you!
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
In a week chock-full of news, the party that on the night of November 8 found itself, much to its surprise, very much out of power has been having difficulty finding a way to return.
Democratic senators, urged on by the Left blogosphere and party activists, peppered Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch with hostile questions, but to no apparent effect. They have failed to raise fears that Gorsuch would vote to repeal the 44-year-old Roe v. Wade, and their argument that he is a shill for big corporations is an obvious dud.
But “the base” — or “the resistance,” as it calls itself, as if it were opposing Hitler — is demanding all-out opposition, including a filibuster. In which case Republicans will eliminate the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees, as Harry Reid and Democrats did in 2013 for lower-court and executive-branch nominees. 
Republicans won’t hold their Senate majority forever, but they aren’t likely to lose it in 2018, when Democrats will defend ten seats in states carried by Donald Trump and Republicans will defend only one in a Hillary Clinton state.
Democrats did gain — or retain — a talking point in the Monday House Intelligence hearings when FBI director James Comey said that there’s an ongoing investigation of Russian ties with persons involved in the Trump campaign.
But none of them is in government now, and so far the Trump administration has done nothing to coddle Vladimir Putin. Moreover, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes revealed that there was “incidental” intelligence surveillance of Trump associates and that their names may have been disseminated. And Comey said that the dissemination of this classified information is a felony punishable by up to ten years in federal prison.
A third issue, still pending as this is written, is whether House Republicans will pass the health-care legislation, advertised as the first of three steps in repealing and replacing Obamacare, patched together by Speaker Paul Ryan and supported by President Donald Trump.
Party leaderships usually win votes like this, though sometimes it takes a three-hour roll call to squeeze out the last votes, as on the 2003 Medicare prescription-drug bill (whose market mechanisms, incidentally, have resulted in costs much lower than estimated by the Congressional Budget Office).
When House leaderships have failed to win such votes, as Democrats did in August 1994 and Republicans in September 2006, debacle at the polls in unanticipated proportions has followed in November, as Ryan and Trump have presumably been reminding wavering members.
Democrats are basically bystanders on this vote. Like the Republicans on Obamacare in 2009–10, their advice and support have not been sought. They note that some recent polling shows, for the first time, majority approval for Obamacare, and hope that dissatisfaction with what the Republicans pass — or fail to pass — will work to their benefit. 
Maybe so. But it’s also possible that Democrats have missed a chance to expand rather than contract government-supported medicine, as Democratic (but pro-Trump on immigration) blogger Mickey Kaus argues, in calling for lowering Medicare eligibility to age 55. 
Last-ditch opposition to Gorsuch, re-litigation of the Russian-collusion charges aired already last fall, and refusal of any engagement on health care — these are all positions demanded by a furious Democratic base, but which may harm rather than help the long-term interest of the Democratic party. 
Undoubtedly, some Democratic officeholders realize this but feel helpless to urge a different course, fearing the rage of angry and even violent crowds and the threat of primary opposition.
Even those with no sympathy for the Democratic base should be able to understand the causes for their rage. They believed, with some reason, that the Democratic party had an advantage in presidential elections.
The theory that increasing numbers of nonwhite, single women and millennial voters would help Democrats, advanced in Ruy Teixeira and John Judis’s 2002 book and amplified by journalist Ronald Brownstein and pollster Stanley Greenberg, was over-interpreted. An advantage was seen as a guarantee.
Democrats came to believe that their party would always hold the White House. So Barack Obama decided to govern by pen and phone, ignoring the possibility that his executive orders could be rescinded by a Republican successor. Mainstream media took a Clinton win for granted and ignored the evidence that prompted FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver to give Trump a 1-in-3 chance of winning. 
In retrospect, the belief in a Democratic lock on the presidency ill served the Democratic party. And the rage triggered when that belief was shattered may not be serving it very well, either.
—Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and a longtime co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. Â©Â 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
Under the dark gray cloud, amid the general gloom, allow me to offer a ray of sunshine. The last two months have brought a pleasant surprise: Turns out the much feared, much predicted withering of our democratic institutions has been grossly exaggerated. The system lives.
Let me explain. Donald Trump’s triumph last year was based on a frontal attack on the Washington “establishment,” that all-powerful, all-seeing, supremely cynical, bipartisan “cartel” (as Ted Cruz would have it) that allegedly runs everything. Yet the establishment proved to be Potemkin empty. In 2016, it folded pitifully, surrendering with barely a fight to a lightweight outsider.
At which point, fear of the vaunted behemoth turned to contempt for its now-exposed lassitude and decadence. Compounding the confusion were Trump’s intimations of authoritarianism. He declared “I alone can fix it” and “I am your voice,” the classic tropes of the demagogue. He unabashedly expressed admiration for strongmen (most notably, Vladimir Putin).
Trump had just cut through the grandees like a hot knife through butter. Who would now prevent him from trampling, caudillo-like, over a Washington grown weak and decadent? A Washington, moreover, that had declined markedly in public esteem, as confidence in our traditional institutions — from the political parties to Congress — fell to new lows.
The strongman cometh, it was feared. Who and what would stop him?
Two months into the Trumpian era, we have our answer. Our checks and balances have turned out to be quite vibrant. Consider:
 
The courts
Trump rolls out not one but two immigration bans, and is stopped dead in his tracks by the courts. However you feel about the merits of the policy itself (in my view, execrable and useless but legal) or the merits of the constitutional reasoning of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals (embarrassingly weak, transparently political), the fact remains: The president proposed and the courts disposed.
Trump’s pushback? A plaintive tweet or two complaining about the judges — that his own Supreme Court nominee denounced (if obliquely) as “disheartening” and “demoralizing.”
 
The states
Federalism lives. The first immigration challenge to Trump was brought by the attorneys general of two states (Washington and Minnesota) picking up on a trend begun during the Barack Obama years when state attorneys general banded together to kill his immigration overreach and the more egregious trespasses of his Environmental Protection Agency.
And beyond working through the courts, state governors — Republicans, no less — have been exerting pressure on members of Congress to oppose a Republican president’s signature health-care reform. Institutional exigency still trumps party loyalty.
 
Congress
The Republican-controlled Congress (House and Senate) is putting up epic resistance to a Republican administration’s health-care reform. True, that’s because of ideological and tactical disagreements rather than any particular desire to hem in Trump. But it does demonstrate that Congress is no rubber stamp.
And its independence extends beyond the perennially divisive health-care conundrums. Trump’s budget, for example, was instantly declared dead on arrival in Congress, as it almost invariably is regardless of which party is in power.
The media
Trump is right. It is the opposition party. Indeed, furiously so, often indulging in appalling overkill. It’s sometimes embarrassing to read the front pages of the major newspapers, festooned as they are with anti-Trump editorializing masquerading as news.
Nonetheless, if you take the view from 30,000 feet, better this than a press acquiescing on bended knee, where it spent most of the Obama years in a slavish Pravda-like thrall. Every democracy needs an opposition press. We damn well have one now.
Taken together — and suspending judgment on which side is right on any particular issue — it is deeply encouraging that the sinews of institutional resistance to a potentially threatening executive remain quite resilient.
Madison’s genius was to understand that the best bulwark against tyranny was not virtue — virtue helps, but should never be relied upon — but ambition counteracting ambition, faction counteracting faction.
You see it even in the confirmation process for Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s supremely qualified and measured Supreme Court nominee. He’s a slam dunk, yet some factions have scraped together a campaign to block him. Their ads are plaintive and pathetic. Yet I find them warmly reassuring. What a country — where even the vacuous have a voice.
The anti-Trump opposition flatters itself as “the resistance.” As if this is Vichy France. It’s not. It’s 21st-century America. And the good news is that the checks and balances are working just fine.
— Charles Krauthammer’s email address is [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017, The Washington Post Writers Group



ARTICLE
Throughout Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing, Senate Democrats harped on minor cases and reiterated their disingenuous complaints about President Obama’s ill-fated nomination of Merrick Garland last year, which was not considered amid the presidential election. (Their complaints are disingenuous because top Democrats have opposed confirmation under similar circumstances when a Republican was doing the nominating, calling to mind Michael Barone’s axiom: “All procedural arguments are insincere, including this one.”) The most important defense of Gorsuch lies not in rebuttals to these distractions but in recognizing the threat posed to constitutional self-government by the activist faction of the Court.
To be sure, most Supreme Court decisions either do not break down along familiar ideological lines or are unanimous. But over the last quarter century, on several key constitutional issues, the Court has nonetheless been consistently divided into recognizable “conservative” and “liberal” blocs of three or four justices. Though such labels can be imprecise, the “conservative” justices generally are more apt to interpret the Constitution as written and to allow legislatures to adopt either conservative or liberal policies on issues where the Constitution is silent. The “liberal” bloc, meanwhile, has increasingly blurred the line between constitutional law and the political Left’s policy preferences. Its justices have shown little interest in the nuances of federalism, voting to uphold every federal law that purports to be based on the interstate-commerce clause, regardless of how little the law’s reach can be described as either interstate or commercial (e.g., United States v. Lopez, United States v. Morrison, and Gonzales v. Raich). They indulge judicial supremacy, however, in the context of war powers. In Boumediene v. Bush, the liberal bloc, joined by swing vote Anthony Kennedy, concocted its own amorphous process for detainees at Guantanamo Bay to challenge their detention, overriding generous procedural protections conferred by the president and Congress and ahistorically injecting the courts into questions surrounding the capture of enemy combatants on overseas battlefields. The same combination of justices has been whittling away at the death penalty to the point that its judicial abolition, despite the Constitution’s explicit reference to it, was foreseeable prior to the 2016 election.
Then, of course, there is the Court’s wholesale constitutionalization of the sexual revolution, from Roe v. Wade to Obergefell v. Hodges. There are sound interpretive methodologies that recognize unenumerated constitutional rights, but none that confer such a status on abortion, long recognized as a criminal act under common and statutory law and as an issue on which the Constitution was silent. Condemnation of Roe’s deficiencies, once common among pro-choice advocates, has become muted in those circles in recent decades. One exception is “Support Choice, Not Roe,” a 2005 Washington Post column by Richard Cohen showing appreciation for the distinction between the Constitution and individual policy preferences. Were it not an aberration, Cohen’s position could be the basis for a healthy debate in the elected bodies designed to decide issues unaddressed by the Constitution. Instead, we see an unprecedented volume of expensive election-style ad campaigns for and against every new nominee to the Court, illustrating how much a branch designed to be independent and unelected has taken power from an electorate increasingly anxious to get it back. Had Hillary Clinton won the election, there is ample reason to imagine that a future Court would have doubled down by compelling public funding for abortion — the precedent upholding the Hyde Amendment was decided on a 5–4 vote — or following the reasoning of Obergefell to treat believers in the traditional definition of marriage like the racial segregationists of yesteryear.
It would be too charitable to describe the liberal bloc’s excesses as the mere embrace of a “living Constitution.” After all, conservative judges have articulated vibrant defenses of constitutional rights by adapting original meanings to changing technologies. Instead, what has happened more appropriately calls to mind Robert Bork’s comment: “I have no difficulty with the idea of a Constitution that lives, only with the notion that it keeps sprouting new heads in accordance with current intellectual and moral fashion.”
Contrast the weight given to such newly sprouted rights with the diminishing of rights explicitly mentioned in the Constitution. For instance, the liberal bloc is fine with allowing the punishment of political speech, as expressed by its dissent from the majority’s decision in Citizens United v. F.E.C. The overturning of that precedent has in fact become another Democratic litmus test. (Never mind that such a reversal would shrink First Amendment protection to the point that the government could censor and subject to imprisonment anyone organized in a corporate form wishing to criticize a candidate on the ballot through videos or other media.) In District of Columbia v. Heller, the liberal bloc dissented from even the narrowest recognition of an individual right to bear arms under the Second Amendment: the right to keep a handgun for self-defense in one’s own home. In still another case, Kelo v. New London, the bloc secured a majority that effectively deleted the words “for public use” from the Fifth Amendment’s takings clause when the Court upheld a city’s seizure of private property for transfer to wealthier private entities.
None of this is to argue that the conservative bloc is always right or to overlook issues that do not align neatly with either bloc, not to mention long-serving justices who change their views. But everything is a matter of degree, and this one is not a close call: The departure from constitutionalism has been most pronounced on the left, where the persuasion of voters and elected officials of the merits of their policy positions has increasingly given way to the embrace of judicial fiat.
By enabling the nomination of Judge Gorsuch (and, perhaps, other constitutionalists like him), the 2016 election may have saved our system of constitutional self-government from irreparable damage.
— Frank Scaturro served as counsel for the Constitution on the staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee between 2005 and 2009, in which capacity he worked on the nominations of John Roberts and Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court and Neil Gorsuch to the Tenth Circuit. He is the author of, among other titles, The Supreme Court’s Retreat from Reconstruction.



ARTICLE
On the Senate floor this morning, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer announced that he will filibuster Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court and urged his fellow Democratic senators to join him.
Schumer said he remained unconvinced that Gorsuch would “be an independent check” on President Donald Trump. Gorsuch, he asserted, is “not a neutral legal mind but someone with a deep-seated conservative ideology. He was groomed by the Federalist Society and has shown not one inch of difference between his views and theirs.”
So far, no senators have officially agreed to join Schumer’s filibuster, but Bob Casey Jr., a Democrat from Pennsylvania, announced this morning that he will oppose Gorsuch’s nomination. In his statement, Casey cited as a concern Gorsuch’s “rigid and restrictive judicial philosophy . . . that employs the narrowest possible reading of federal law and exercises extreme skepticism, even hostility, toward executive branch agencies.”
We’re now on day four of Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, as witnesses testify about his judicial career. The committee is expected to vote on his nomination on April 3, which would send it to the Senate floor for debate and a full vote by mid April.
There are eleven Republican and eight Democratic senators sitting on the Judiciary Committee; even if the vote were to take place on a strict party line —it’s unclear whether the Democrats intend to vote as a bloc against him — Gorsuch’s nomination would still have enough votes to reach the Senate floor.
Other than Schumer and Casey, no Senate Democrats have officially announced how they intend to vote on the nomination; most have said that they will wait until after the hearings end to decide. Several have noted their willingness to filibuster any nominee they consider “out of the mainstream,” and the hearing questions from the handful of Democratic senators on the Judiciary Committee suggest that the caucus has serious reservations about Gorsuch’s judicial philosophy.
In order to successfully filibuster Gorsuch, Democrats must prevent him from receiving 60 “yes” votes, meaning that the GOP must convince eight Democratic senators to cross the aisle and vote with them. If Republicans can’t flip eight Democratic votes, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell could invoke the so-called nuclear option, allowing Gorsuch to be confirmed by a simple majority vote.
As the hearings wind to a close, the Democratic senators to keep an eye on are the ten — in addition to Casey — who represent states Trump won in November: Bill Nelson of Florida, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters of Michigan, Claire McCaskill of Missouri, Jon Tester of Montana, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, as well as independent senator Angus King, from Maine, who caucuses with the Democrats. (Trump won only Maine’s second congressional district, giving him just one of the state’s four electoral votes.)
All of these senators other than Peters are up for reelection in 2018, and they will likely encounter political pressure from the right not to oppose Gorsuch, despite the push from top Senate Democrats to filibuster his nomination along party lines. In November, Trump took Missouri, North Dakota, Ohio, and West Virginia by wide margins, meaning that the Democratic senators from those states in particular will have a hard time opposing Gorsuch. (In fact, Manchin said in late January that he wouldn’t filibuster any Supreme Court pick.)
Gorsuch’s stellar credentials make it difficult for Democratic senators to justify fighting his nomination for any reason other than purely partisan animus. It’s one thing for a Democrat from a solidly progressive state such as New York to lead a “principled” filibuster effort, but it’s quite another for a Democrat from a red-leaning state to oppose the well-regarded Supreme Court pick of a Republican president who gained the support of his constituents. Schumer can preen for his base all he wants, but his filibuster is likely to fail.
— Alexandra DeSanctis is a William F. Buckley Fellow in Political Journalism at the National Review Institute.



ARTICLE
Shortly after FBI director James Comey testified that there was no evidence to support President Trump’s tweeted claim that President Obama had him wiretapped at Trump Tower, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.) disclosed what is being regarded as “bombshell” news that members of the Trump transition team, potentially including then-president-elect Trump himself, were “monitored” by U.S. intelligence agencies.
So is Nunes contradicting Comey’s version of events? Have we broken new ground? If you have been reading National Review Online, you know the answer to those questions is no.
First, let’s recall what the state of play has been. For months, there have been reports that the Obama Justice Department and the FBI have investigated figures connected to the Trump campaign, perhaps including Trump himself. These investigations have been said, by the New York Times among others, to have involved allegations of collusion with Russia’s purported meddling in the U.S. election, and to have included “wiretapped” and “intercepted” communications. It has further been reported that the investigations traced back to the spring of 2016 and may still be continuing — i.e., the Obama administration was investigating the presidential campaign of the opposition party candidate during and after the election.
Rather than comment precisely on these reports, President Trump issued bull-in-a-china-shop-style tweets alleging something similar to, but saliently different from, what had been reported, namely: that President Obama had ordered that Trump be targeted for wiretapping at Trump Tower in New York City.
This explosive allegation implied either that (a) the Obama Justice Department had obtained a warrant from the FISA court (the secret court established under the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) that specifically called for surveillance of Trump on the ground that he was an agent of a foreign power; or (b) Obama had ordered that government agencies (presumably the FBI) conduct electronic surveillance (in common parlance, “wiretapping”) on Trump without a warrant. The latter would arguably be illegal, and certainly impeachable if it had been done for political rather than national-security purposes. (Let’s not wade into the complex debate over whether the president has constitutional authority to order warrantless surveillance of communications outside the FISA procedure.)
As those who have followed our coverage here will recall, it has been the pattern of Obama officials and their sympathizers in the media to deny the narrow allegations in Trump’s tweets (viz., that Obama ordered the surveillance of Trump at Trump Tower) but to evade the broader question of whether the Obama administration investigated Trump associates connected to the Trump campaign.
This, as I discussed in a column two weeks ago, was the approach taken by former national-intelligence director James Clapper in a recent Meet the Press interview: Carefully deny Trump’s tweets (i.e., the claim that Trump himself was subjected to targeted wiretapping at Trump Tower) but sidestep the question whether there had been surveillance or other intelligence collection against Trump and associates of his who were connected to the Trump campaign. Clapper added that he was aware of no evidence that the Trump campaign had conspired with the Russian regime to influence the election — an important observation since (a) it underscored that there had been an investigation into that question (which necessarily means some aspect of the Trump campaign had been investigated by the Obama administration) and (b) it undermined the narrative that the election was somehow stolen from Hillary Clinton.
That brings us to FBI director Comey’s testimony on Monday. Like Clapper, Comey narrowly denied the allegations in Trump’s tweets but would not address other investigative tactics used to target Trump or his associates. Moreover, although Comey did not claim that there had been collusion between Trump-campaign figures and the Putin regime, he made an extraordinary acknowledgment: There is an ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the election, including the possibility of collusion between the Kremlin and some Trump associates. Under FBI protocols, the existence of investigations should not be acknowledged, much less their subject matters and potential targets —suspicions of wrongdoing should never be publicly announced until the government is prepared formally to charge and prove them in court.
On Wednesday, Representative Nunes, the Intelligence Committee chairman, revealed that he had “seen intelligence reports that clearly show that the president-elect [Trump] and his team were, I guess, at least monitored.”
Nunes elaborated that this “monitoring” by government agencies during the Obama administration involved the “incidental collection” of intelligence, primarily during the period between November and January. He conceded that the intelligence collection appeared to be lawful but was troubled by the fact that it disclosed the identities of Trump-connected people whose communications had been intercepted. Normally, “minimization procedures” require the NSA to “mask” the identities of American citizens whose communications have been “incidentally” intercepted in the course of intelligence collection against foreign targets.
There is no contradiction between Nunes and Comey, for the reasons I laid out in the last third of a lengthy column two weekends ago. Comey was talking about whether Trump was the subject of targeted FISA surveillance. Nunes, by contrast, is claiming that Trump and/or his associates were subjected to other forms of foreign-intelligence investigation. That is why Nunes used the word “monitored.” As I explained in the column:
That is still the question. Director Comey has denied that the Obama administration got a FISA warrant targeting Trump at Trump Tower. Chairman Nunes maintains that the Obama administration incidentally collected communications of people connected to the Trump campaign during the course of foreign surveillance. But neither Comey nor Nunes has addressed the two central questions: (1) Did the Obama administration take active steps to capture communications of Trump officials, whether by particularized FISA warrant or by intentionally exploiting their “incidental” intelligence-collection authority? And (2) if such active steps were taken, was it in connection with a good-faith suspicion of collusion in Russian sabotage, or was it Watergate-style political spying?
— Andrew C. McCarthy is a senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute and a contributing editor of National Review.



ARTICLE
‘It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future,” Yogi Berra famously (and apocryphally) said — but we’re going to hazard one anyway. Because the need for less-intrusive and more-cost-effective regulation is a core belief in both the GOP majority in Congress and the Trump administration, much-needed regulatory rollbacks will be an ongoing storyline in 2017 and beyond.
In a December 60 Minutes interview, House speaker Paul Ryan spoke of the need for regulatory reform:
Leaving no doubt about the centrality of regulatory reform on the congressional to-do list, Speaker Ryan also said, “So we think regulatory relief is very, very important. And that’s something we’re going to work on day one.”
He wasn’t kidding. Within the first weeks of the new session of Congress, two important pieces of legislation that could be major steps forward on regulatory reform had been approved by the House of Representatives. The first is the aptly named Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act, which would require affirmative congressional approval of any “significant” rule — defined as one that imposes compliance costs of more than $100 million a year. If Congress failed to approve a rule within 70 legislative days after its promulgation, it would not become law.
The “opt-in” nature of this legislation instead of the “opt-out” character of the Congressional Review Act (CRA) would make it far more effective. That said, as of March 13 the House and Senate had both voted to overturn seven regulations under the CRA, and three of those bills had been signed by the president. Once they have all been enacted, the seven withdrawn regulations will have eliminated $3.7 billion in regulatory costs and the burden of 4.2 million paperwork-hours. Many more withdrawals are in the pipeline.
Second, making the CRA potentially even more effective, in January the House passed the Midnight Rules Regulation Act, which would allow Congress “to consider a joint resolution to disapprove multiple regulations that federal agencies have submitted for congressional review within the last 60 legislative days of a session of Congress during the final year of a President’s term.” In other words, Congress would be able to withdraw a group of such regulations together (“en bloc”) instead of having to use the current procedure of considering one regulation at a time.
Greater politicization of regulation is a risk itself, but it’s a reasonable price to pay for curbing the kind of rogue regulation found in recent years across the executive branch’s departments and agencies.
Another important development was the House’s reinstatement of a procedure called the Holman Rule, which empowers any member of Congress to propose an amendment to appropriations bills that would single out a government employee for salary reduction or cut a specific program. A majority of the House and the Senate would have to approve any such amendment. That could be an important factor in redressing the excessive risk-aversion of many of our “gatekeeper” regulatory agencies. For example, bureaucrats who unnecessarily delay approval of an important new product or project (such as a life-saving drug, or the Keystone pipeline) could be sanctioned.
Another potentially important development was the introduction by Representative Barry Loudermilk (R., Ga.) of the Modern Employment Reform, Improvement, and Transformation (MERIT) Act, H.R. 559, which would make it easier to “drain the swamp” by removing federal employees for poor performance or misconduct. This would be something of a sibling to the Holman Rule, but possibly less unwieldy.
Currently, trying to discharge a federal employee can take upward of a year, usually distracts managers from the substance of their agencies’ work, and is often unsuccessful in the end. According to a 2015 Government Accountability Office report, only 0.18 percent of the federal workforce had been fired for poor performance or bad conduct during the previous year. Many federal departments and agencies must simply soldier on with underperforming or insubordinate employees.
The MERIT Act allows for due process: It requires notice in writing to the employee in question from the head of an agency and provides an opportunity to respond with an appeal. The Merit Systems Protection Board is required to issue a decision within 30 days of the appeal.
If these new measures become law, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would be a good place to start applying them. The nation’s most ubiquitous regulator, it regulates products accounting for more than a trillion dollars annually — 25 cents of every consumer dollar, encompassing food, drugs, vaccines, medical devices, and your dog’s flea medicine. In recent years, in both the formulation of policy and the evaluation of individual products, the FDA has made egregious errors and arbitrarily expanded its authority in extra-statutory ways that have had important consequences. Most of these missteps have been in the direction of excessive risk-aversion or heavy-handed regulation, although a few, such as oversight of herbal dietary supplements and compounding pharmacies, have been marked by laxity, timidity, or outright incompetence.
President Trump agrees. In addition to signing the Congressional Review Act measures, on March 13 he directed the director of the Office of Management and Budget “to propose a plan to reorganize governmental functions and eliminate unnecessary agencies (as defined in section 551(1) of title 5, United States Code), components of agencies, and agency programs.” The list of these redundant bodies should be long, though eliminating agencies and programs will be difficult to accomplish with the “gatekeeper” agencies, such as the FDA, which must issue affirmative approvals before certain classes of products can be legally marketed. Nevertheless, drastic reforms are needed.
Bringing a new drug to market now requires ten to 15 years, and the costs have skyrocketed to an average of more than $2.5 billion (including both out-of-pocket and opportunity costs) — largely because FDA requirements have increased the length and number of clinical trials per marketing application, along with their complexity.
The detrimental effects of FDA delays in approving certain new drugs already available in other industrialized countries are well documented and deserve as much attention as drugs’ high costs. At times, FDA officials seem to have forgotten that their decisions are literally a matter of life or death.
An example is the sorry saga of a drug called pirfenidone, used to treat a pulmonary disorder called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF), which kills tens of thousands of Americans annually. The cause of the disease is unknown, and there were no drug treatments approved for it in the United States until October 2014, although pirfenidone had already been marketed in Europe (since 2011), Japan (2008), Canada (2012), and China. Pirfenidone was approved in the EU on the basis of three randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies, conducted in Japan, Europe, and the United States.
Despite a recommendation for approval by an FDA advisory committee (composed of outside experts) in 2010, agency officials opted not to approve the drug and demanded another major clinical study. The results, published in May 2014, were impressive, and the FDA finally approved the drug in October of that year; but between 2010 and the approval, more than 150,000 patients died of IPF in the United States. Had pirfenidone been available, a significant fraction of them could have had their lives prolonged.
The pirfenidone example illustrates an endemic problem at the gatekeeper regulatory agencies: Timidity, fear of “false positives” (approving a drug that proves to be deficient or dangerous), and lack of accountability can have calamitous impacts.
Another common problem at federal agencies that must be reined in is “regulatory creep,” the invention of authority or requirements that are not found in statutes or regulations. The FDA has pushed the envelope of its statutory authority in many ways. In 2007, for example, the agency announced what amounts to a new, extra-statutory criterion for marketing approval. For a drug to be marketed, the law requires only that it be shown to be safe and effective. In denying approval of Merck’s new drug Arcoxia, a COX-2 inhibitor for the relief of arthritis pain, however, the FDA said that the drug had to be shown to be superior to existing drugs to merit approval. Robert Meyer, the director of the FDA office that oversees arthritis drugs, claimed that the agency’s advisory committee had sent a clear message that “simply having another drug on the market . . . didn’t seem to be sufficient reason” for approval. But whether or not the advisory committee actually meant to convey that message (and in any case, advisory committees’ recommendations are not binding), it is specious reasoning.
In fact, for a variety of reasons, having “another drug on the market” that appears from clinical-trial data to be no better than alternatives may be important. First, there are important differences between drugs that act through similar mechanisms: Different COX-2 inhibitors and statins, for example, were shown long after the initial approvals to have distinct and critical advantages and disadvantages, so physicians can select one over another, depending on how their patient responds.
Second, if two drugs are both effective in 40 percent of patients with a given symptom or disease, it may not be known whether they work in the same 40 percent. Thus the failure of regulators to approve the second drug could deprive a large number of patients of access to an efficacious medicine.
Third, a substantial fraction of the prescribing of many drugs falls outside the primary indications specified in the original approval; these subsequent uses may be either approved or “off-label” indications. But if the FDA won’t approve a drug for its initial indication because it is not sufficiently superior to a previously approved medicine, further testing might not be performed, and other uses, therefore, might never be discovered.
Wyeth’s former chairman and CEO, Robert Essner, described the implications of the requirement to show superiority this way: “If you’re the first company to get approved in a certain area and competitors can’t get on the market, the FDA is now establishing monopolies. And that’s certainly not their mandate.” Whatever one thinks of regulation to ensure safety and efficacy, surely we should not have an FDA that aggressively discourages and undermines competition.
The extra-statutory superiority criterion should be explicitly repudiated by the FDA, perhaps in a “clarification” in the Federal Register.
The FDA’s intransigence has virtually annihilated entire once-promising industrial sectors — for example, “biopharming,” the production of high-value substances in plants. One early application was the production by the biotech company Ventria Bioscience of rice that contained two human proteins, lactoferrin and lysozyme. Once grown and harvested, the rice kernel is processed to extract and purify the proteins for use in oral-rehydration solution for treating diarrhea, which is surpassed only by respiratory diseases as the leading infectious killer of children under the age of five in developing countries.
The proteins have the same structure and functional properties as those found naturally in breast milk, and the process for extracting them is analogous to that used routinely to produce therapeutic proteins from organisms such as bacteria and yeast. Research in Peru showed that fortifying an oral-rehydration solution with the proteins extracted from Ventria’s rice substantially lessens the duration of diarrhea and reduces the rate of recurrence — a near-miraculous advance for people in the developing world.
But regulators can undo miracles. When Ventria approached the FDA in 2010 for affirmation that these proteins are “generally recognized as safe” (a regulatory term of art), it received no response. Without an endorsement by the FDA, the company was unwilling to market the product, and so it remains unavailable, tragically depriving children in developing countries of a life-saving therapy.
The current state of affairs, not only at the FDA but at many federal regulatory agencies, is bad for public health and for inspiring trust in the government. We need a new ethic, one that better considers the underappreciated dangers of excessive risk-aversion. And with an eye toward more evidence-based decision-making, the FDA and its congressional overseers must find ways to introduce accountability for misdeeds and missteps. Reform-minded political appointees at the agency will be essential, and Congress will need to be a constructive partner.
— Henry I. Miller, a physician and molecular biologist, is the Robert Wesson Fellow in Scientific Philosophy and Public Policy at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution. He was the founding director of the FDA’s Office of Biotechnology. Jeff Stier is a senior fellow at the National Center for Public Policy Research in Washington, D.C., and heads its risk-analysis division.



ARTICLE
Conservatives have long been the voice for limited government, lower taxes, free markets, and individual liberty. But recently, a small but persistent group of Republicans are trying to persuade conservatives to abandon these principles and embrace a national energy tax.
The idea of taxing carbon isn’t new. Bill Clinton and Al Gore tried to pass a BTU tax in 1993. Its defeat helped usher in a Republican-controlled Congress for the first time in nearly 40 years. In 2009, Barack Obama proposed a cap-and-trade plan that was rejected by a Democratic-controlled Congress. The Democrats ended up losing the House in 2010. More recently, Hillary Clinton’s campaign policy team was reportedly considering a carbon tax.
What is new, however, is that some Republicans are attempting to pass off a carbon tax as a conservative policy. The most recent attempt is from the Climate Leadership Council, a group led by James Baker and George Shultz. The group recently met with the Trump administration to encourage the adoption of a $40-per-ton carbon tax. 
My organization, the American Energy Alliance, joined with several conservative leaders in opposition to the Climate Leadership Council’s proposal. In response, Shultz and Ted Halstead, another member of the Council, took to these pages to try to convince conservatives that their proposal is a “free-market” approach to addressing climate change. There is nothing free-market about their massive new tax hike, no matter how they dress it up.
A carbon tax would punish users of natural gas, oil, and coal, which make up 80 percent of the energy we consume. This means that all American families would face higher electricity bills and gasoline prices. In fact, it’s estimated that the Council’s carbon tax would hike gasoline prices by 36 cents per gallon. While everybody will pay more, these hikes would have a disproportionate impact on poor and middle-class families, who spend a higher percentage of their income on energy. It also means Americans would pay more for goods and services across the board.
How does the Climate Leadership Council propose to alleviate this burden? Shultz and Halstead want to offset the tax by redistributing to the American people the $300 billion in anticipated revenue from the carbon tax.
This is not practical in the real world. The idea that Washington politicians would perpetually refund a massive new revenue stream is incredibly naïve, especially coming from a former Treasury secretary. The more likely scenario is that the government would eventually begin to spend the new revenue on federal programs, saddling Americans with yet another new tax while diminishing America’s competitiveness in the process. Sounds like big-government liberalism to me.
The Baker- and Shultz-led council need only look at real-world examples to see the flaws in their proposal. Last year, Washington State soundly defeated a carbon-tax ballot measure, partly because the proponents could never agree on how they wanted to divvy up the expected revenue. British Columbia has also run into problems with its “revenue-neutral” carbon tax. Officials there promised citizens that the tax would be used to reduce other taxes. However, a new study from the Fraser Institute shows that after just a few years, British Columbia’s carbon tax netted $377 million in new revenue. 
Carbon taxes make energy more expensive. They also destroy jobs, particularly in the manufacturing sector, which President Trump has promised to revive. Shultz and Halstead shrug off this concern by pointing to a “border carbon adjustment” provision in their plan.
Under their plan, U.S. producers would have to pay a carbon tax if they sold their product to American consumers, but not if they sold it to countries without a carbon tax. Likewise, foreign producers would have to pay a carbon tax to sell to American consumers, but not if they sold to other countries. This is a raw deal for both American companies and consumers.
The readers of this publication know that tax hikes hurt business and raise prices for consumers. Shultz and Halstead try to argue that imposing this new tax on imports from China, for example, will somehow be good for American prosperity. However, slapping a new tax on imports just takes away options from American consumers and makes it harder for U.S. companies to export their products.
Finally, the Climate Leadership Council’s proposal would swap out Obama-era climate regulations for a carbon tax. However, President Trump has already vowed (and begun) to undo President Obama’s climate regulations. This raises the question of why they would include this provision in the first place — unless, of course, they had a Hillary Clinton administration in mind when they wrote the proposal.
Shultz and Halstead claim that failing to replace these regulations with a carbon tax would “leave open the door to greater government intervention should Democrats retake power in the future.” This is extremely misleading. Nobody can guarantee that a future administration or Congress won’t pursue some type of regulatory controls on carbon, nor could this plan prevent it from happening. The nearly identical carbon-tax plan considered by the Clinton campaign, for example, would have imposed a carbon tax while maintaining carbon regulations such as the Clean Power Plan. And several environmental groups have already criticized the Council’s proposal, insisting that we need both a carbon tax and regulations.
Simply calling something “conservative” or “free-market” doesn’t make it so. The Climate Leadership Council’s carbon tax is an affront to the principles that conservatives have championed for decades. Most important, a carbon tax would destroy American jobs, encourage more wasteful spending from Washington, and burden consumers with higher energy costs. You’d be hard pressed to find a more damaging policy for American families.
No matter how many bells and whistles Shultz and Halstead throw onto their proposal, it still ends up being a new and incredibly regressive tax on working-class Americans. Yet Secretary Baker was so bold as to suggest that it would have had Ronald Reagan’s blessing. I’d like to think that President Reagan, who once said “simple fairness dictates that government must not raise taxes on families struggling to pay their bills,” would probably feel otherwise.
— Thomas Pyle is the president of the American Energy Alliance and the Institute for Energy Research.



ARTICLE
President Trump’s proposed budget cut to international programs in the State Department, if enacted, would create lurking international-security problems for the United States. Cultural diplomacy is a vital arm of American foreign policy, and the White House should increase spending to international programs to create a safer world.
As an alumnus of the Fulbright program, one of the oldest cultural-exchange programs the U.S. offers, I am concerned that the White House’s proposed plan, while preserving the Fulbright program, would cut other educational- and cultural-exchange programs as part of its effort to enact a 28 percent cut in the State Department’s overall budget. Eliminating these programs would have zero impact on the deficit, but it would signal a shift in priorities in discretionary spending. Though the Fulbright program was spared, other internationally focused programs are also key to improving our nation’s stature on the global stage.
My program altered the way I see the world, and also how some Taiwanese citizens perceive Americans. When I landed in Taiwan in 2012, I had preconceived notions about the country, its culture, and its peculiar situation seated in the shadow of China. My mission through the Fulbright was to teach English and to a lesser extent American culture to elementary-school kids in Jiaoxi and Yilan. Not a day went by when I didn’t pass along some of my culture and heritage; at the same time, I was gaining a greater sense of how Taiwanese people think and feel, and what they consider when they look at the world around them. I returned to the U.S. a year later, changed for the better, and I hope left behind a positive impression of what it means to be an American.
My experience is not unique. In countries all around the world, thousands of American scholars serve as mini ambassadors to spread American ideas and learn from the cultures they are visiting. Likewise, programs such as the Fulbright receive hundreds of scholars into America to learn and then return to their home countries and say, we hope, “America really is a great country and people.”
International-exchange and engagement programs such as the Fulbright, USAID, and the Peace Corps, among others, are key components of American cultural diplomacy, which, as a tool, is cheaper than guns and more widespread in its effects than intercontinental ballistic missiles. Soft power — whether Hollywood, international trade, or exchange programs — has always been a primary means of spreading the American values of democracy, freedom, and prosperity around the globe. American tennis shoes disseminate American ideals at least as well as “boots on the ground” do.
And which is cheaper for the United States? Sending hundreds of Fulbright scholars and Peace Corps volunteers to China to curb anti-American sentiment there? Or embarking on a full-scale military confrontation with a super power? The power of cultural exchange is one reason that violent dictatorships shield their borders and censor media. Kim Jong-un’s anti-American regime would be undermined at its ideological core if North Koreans interacted freely with Americans, (military personnel escorting tourists does not count as free).
Cross-border exchange is already improving Taiwan’s relationships with other counties. President Ma Ying-jeou, speaking in early March at the Asia Society in New York, noted the improving relationship between Taiwan and China, thanks in part to greater cross-Strait engagement through travel and student exchange. He told the story of a Chinese student and Taiwanese student who were discussing their cultural differences. The Taiwanese student remarked that it was nice going to bed the night of a presidential election knowing who would be their next leader. The Chinese student responded that China was different because people knew election results the day before.
Tightening the budgetary belt is one thing. But dismembering our international-exchange programs would undermine our national security in the long term. We cannot retreat into ourselves, or we will lose the battle for the minds of millions of citizens around the world who want to know the freedom and democracy of America.
— Tyler Grant is a lawyer in New York and a former Fulbright fellow in Taiwan.



ARTICLE
The halls of Congress look nothing like the waiting and examination rooms of a doctor’s office. Lawmakers may talk about health-care costs, but they don’t work in the medical trenches, where my patients and I are shielded by insurance from knowing both the real price and the negotiated price of a given service. Not knowing and not paying directly leads to overuse (as long as deductibles have been met), as my patients come to see me when they don’t need to, for every upper-respiratory infection or sprained ankle or sleepless night. Doctors like me may then defensively overtest with an x-ray or overtreat with an antibiotic Z pack or sleeping pill to make our patients happy. Neither of us feels the pain of it in the pocketbook.
Last week I asked every patient who came to see me if they could guesstimate the price tag of their latest test or treatment. No one got it right, or even came close to predicting the actual price. CT scans were often billed officially at close to $500 and MRIs over $1,000, but few patients realized that there was a second price — the lower, contracted rate that the insurer worked out directly with the radiology department or the lab that drew and analyzed their blood tests. Yes, patients could have found this bottom-line number simply by looking at their insurance Explanation of Benefits sheet, but few were in the habit of doing so. And why should they, when all they really cared about was the fact that the test or procedure was covered? Few of my patients knew that their insurer also negotiated with the drug companies to whittle down the cost of medications to help preserve their profit.
Fact: Health insurance shields my patients from true costs even as it interferes with their quality of care. When insurers charge high co-pays (frequently over $3,000 for Medicare co-pays for new cancer drugs that cost over $100,000 a year), my patients may forgo life-extending treatments. It’s also becoming increasingly common for insurers to not cover expensive new drugs that have clear benefit (such as cholesterol-lowering PCSK9 drugs) but haven’t yet been proven to save lives. Amgen’s PCSK9 drug Repatha costs $14,000 per year, and insurers often don’t cover it; in fact, a new study looking at 44,000 prescriptions for PCSK9 drugs showed that only 17 percent were covered. The other 83 percent were faced with sudden sticker shock.
Health-insurance companies dictate which lab or facility or specialist my patient can go to and what medications he can take, impacting the art of medicine. Some labs are more accurate than others, yet I frequently have no choice which to use. A premium is an entry fee into a system where choices aren’t your own. The best mammographer I know doesn’t take any insurance, but I can rarely convince my patients to pay cash to see her, even though she discovers nodules that other mammographers miss while dismissing benign calcifications that other radiologists perfunctorily biopsy. Patients feel that they pay once for their premiums and shouldn’t have to pay twice. Can you blame them?
Let’s face it, price shielding benefits drug or device manufacturers, service providers (including the radiology suite), and the health-insurance company, but it does not benefit the patient.
A 2014 report by the Gary and Mary West Health Policy Center indicates that by providing prices to patients, doctors, employers, and policy makers, insurers could save $100 billion in health-care costs over a decade. Effective measures studied included requiring electronic health recordings to provide prices to physicians when we are ordering diagnostic tests, as well as requiring private health plans to provide personalized out-of-pocket-expense information to enrollees.
The money saved would be even greater if my patients had to pay out of pocket to begin with, using tax-deductible health-savings accounts for non-essential services such as cold or allergy medicines, skin creams, or a routine doctor’s visit — say, one for bronchitis, back pain, or a headache. Patients would be motivated to hold off going to the doctor for just a sniffle, and to choose the best product or provider at the best price when they are really ill. And we doctors would be able to spend more of our time caring for our patients rather than jumping through insurance hoops for approvals and reimbursement.
I can’t blame my patients for being frustrated when they are given false promises and have no idea what the cost of a test or treatment is or how difficult it is for me to arrange it.
What to do? Improving price transparency and scaling back on insurance coverage while increasing out-of-pocket tax-deductible expenditures is a very good place to start. In 2015, according to the National Health Expenditures Fact Sheet, Medicare and Medicaid expense totaled over $1.1 trillion, or 37 percent of nationwide health-care spending, and private health insurance totaled over $1 trillion, or 33 percent. With 70 percent of spending covered by insurance, Americans spent $338 billion out of pocket on health care, or just 11 percent of the total, the lowest in the industrialized world.
Insurance is an outdated one-size-fits-all model that won’t routinely cover emerging technologies and treatments like PCSK9 drugs for cholesterol that improve quality of life and lead to fewer cardiac events, but won’t necessarily keep you alive longer. Medicine is becoming more personalized and genetics-driven all the time. In the near future an iPhone app will record your vitals and monitor your daily risks for heart problems, etc. You will have to pay for it, which is a good thing, not bad.
If my patients know what they are spending and have to pay at least part of it themselves, they will make wiser and more frugal choices. Doctors will be happier and tests and treatments will be more essential and effective.
— Marc Siegel is a professor of medicine and the medical director of Doctor Radio at NYU Langone Medical Center. He is also a Fox News medical correspondent.



ARTICLE
In the 1934 romantic movie Death Takes a Holiday, Death assumes human form for three days, and the world turns chaotic.
The same thing happens when the law goes on a vacation. Rules are unenforced or politicized. Citizens quickly lose faith in the legal system. Anarchy follows — ensuring that there can be neither prosperity nor security.
The United States is descending into such an abyss, as politics now seem to govern whether existing laws are enforced.
Sociologists in the 1980s found out that when even minor infractions were ignored — such as the breaking of windows, or vendors walking into the street to hawk wares to motorists in a traffic jam — misdemeanors then spiraled into felonies as lawbreakers become emboldened. 
A federal law states that the president can by proclamation “suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate.” Yet a federal judge ruled that President Trump cannot do what the law allows in temporarily suspending immigration from countries previously singled out by the Obama administration for their laxity in vetting their emigrants.
In the logic of his 43-page ruling, U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson seemed to strike down the travel ban based on his own subjective opinion of a president’s supposedly incorrect attitudes and past statements.
Some 500 “sanctuary” cities and counties have decided for political reasons that federal immigration law does not fully apply within their jurisdictions. They have done so with impunity, believing that illegal immigration is a winning political issue given changing demography. In a way, they have already legally seceded from the union and provided other cities with a model of how to ignore any federal law they do not like.
The law states that foreign nationals cannot enter and permanently reside in the United States without going through a checkpoint and in most cases obtaining a legal visa or green card. But immigration law has been all but ignored. Or it was redefined as not committing additional crimes while otherwise violating immigration law. Then the law was effectively watered down further to allow entering and residing illegally if not committing “serious” crimes. Now, the adjective “serious” is being redefined as something that does not lead to too many deportations.
The logical end is no immigration law at all — and open borders.
There is a federal law that forbids the IRS from unfairly targeting private groups or individuals on the basis of their politics. Lois Lerner, an IRS director, did just that but faced no legal consequences.
Perhaps Lerner’s exemption emboldened New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof to invite IRS employees via social media to unlawfully leak Donald Trump’s tax returns. Later, someone leaked Trump’s 2005 tax return to MSNBC.
There are statutes that prevent federal intelligence and investigatory agencies from leaking classified documents. No matter. For the last six months, the media have trafficked in reports that Trump is under some sort of investigation by government agencies for allegedly colluding with the Russians. That narrative is usually based on information from “unnamed sources” affiliated with the FBI, NSA, or CIA. No one has been punished for such leaking.
The leakers apparently feel that prosecutors and the courts do not mind if someone’s privacy is illegally violated, as long as it is the privacy of someone they all loathe, like Donald Trump.
The logic seems also to be that we need only follow the laws that we like — and assume that law enforcement must make the necessary adjustments.
At this late date, a return to legality and respect for the law might seem extremist or revolutionary. For the federal government to demand that cities follow federal law or face cutoffs in federal funds might cause rioting.
Going after federal officials who leak classified documents to reporters would make those officials martyrs.
And to warn high-ranking IRS officials that they could likely go to prison for targeting groups based on their political beliefs might earn a prosecutor an unexpected IRS audit.
There is one common denominator in all these instances of attempted legal nullification: the liberal belief that laws should “progress” to reflect the supposedly superior political agenda of the Left.
And if laws don’t progress? Then they can be safely ignored.
But when the law is what we say it is, or what we want it to be, there is no law. And when there is no law, there is not much left but something resembling Russia, Somalia, or Venezuela.
— Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals. You can reach him by e-mailing [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 Tribune Media Services, Inc.



ARTICLE
Conservatives have rightly taken pride in Neil Gorsuch’s calm and cerebral performance at his Senate confirmation hearings. Many commentators, along with Republican senators, have mocked Democrats for presuming to evaluate Gorsuch based on the outcomes of his cases. Did he “side with the little guy” or with big corporations? The correct answer, conservatives have correctly chided, is that justice is supposed to be blind. A good judge makes determinations based upon the facts and the law without regard to whether he personally prefers one party to another and without some social-justice agenda to equalize the fortunes of little guys versus big guys. It’s not little versus big, sympathetic versus unsympathetic in a courtroom, but facts and law.
It’s a shame then, that so many conservatives are disregarding the virtues they laud in Gorsuch — prudence, careful weighing of facts, refusal to be swayed by emotional appeals — when it comes to a disturbing story of a rape in Maryland.
Reports indicate that a 14-year-old high-school student in Rockville, Md. (a suburb of Washington, D.C.) may have been sodomized and raped in the boys’ bathroom by two suspects. At least one of the suspects, according to Fox 5 in Baltimore, was an 18-year-old who had recently entered the country illegally and was enrolled in the school as a freshman. The other, also an immigrant, is 17.
Emotional reactions to heinous crimes are completely understandable, but as Judge Gorsuch has properly reminded us, our feelings are not a good guide to justice. Neither are they a prescription for sensible policy. Quite the opposite.
If the evidence shows that the victim’s account is correct — that she was pushed into the bathroom by the two suspects and raped by both of them in a stall — the young men could be facing many years in prison and deserve to.
But many are rushing to link this inflammatory case — before we know the facts — to the larger cause of immigration restriction. White House spokesman Sean Spicer drew the link: “Part of the reason the president has made illegal immigration such an issue is because of tragedies like this. . . . This is why he’s passionate about this. Because people are victims of these crimes. Immigration pays its toll on our people.” That is exploiting people’s anger, which is bad enough, and it’s false, which is worse.
There are good and bad arguments against immigration. I am sympathetic to some restrictionist points, but smearing immigrants as out-of-control criminals is shameful. High rates of immigration, legal and illegal, are not associated with spikes in crime. In our recent history, between 1990 and 2013, the illegal immigrant population in the U.S. more than tripled to 11.2 million. Yet FBI data indicate that the violent-crime rate declined by 48 percent during those years. This included violent crimes like aggravated assault, robbery, rape, and murder. Rates of property crime fell by 41 percent, including declining rates of motor-vehicle theft, larceny/robbery, and burglary.
As a survey by the Cato Institute shows, immigrants — both legal and illegal — are less likely to be incarcerated than native-born Americans. And when you exclude those illegal immigrants who are jailed for immigration offenses (i.e., just for being here illegally), the numbers really plunge. Looking at the Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, Cato notes that illegal immigrants are 44 percent less likely to be incarcerated than native-born Americans. Legal immigrants are 69 percent less likely to be jailed than natives. White native-born Americans are more likely to be imprisoned than black immigrants, legal or illegal. The Wall Street Journal’s Jason Riley cites a Public Policy Institute study showing that while the foreign-born make up 35 percent of California’s population, they represent 17 percent of the state-prison population.
Some immigrants commit crimes. But as the data show, most keep their noses clean. About 7 percent of our population is composed of non-citizens, yet they account for only 5 percent of the prison population.
We don’t yet know the facts of the rape case in Maryland. But even if they turn out to be every bit as brutal as first reports indicate, the attempt to tar all immigrants with this brush — or to let emotional appeals dictate policy — is exactly what fair-minded admirers of Judge Gorsuch will resist.
— Mona Charen is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. Copyright © 2017 Creators.com



ARTICLE
A columnist for the Daily Telegraph wrote a piece actually suggesting that Australia make it illegal to be a stay-at-home parent once your kids are old enough to go to school.
“Rather than wail about the supposed liberation in a woman’s right to choose to shun paid employment, we should make it a legal requirement that all parents of children of school-age or older are gainfully employed,” Sarrah Le Marquand writes in a column titled “It should be illegal to be a stay-at-home mum.”
“Only when the female half of the population is expected to hold down a job and earn money to pay the bills in the same way that men are routinely expected to do will we see things change for the better for either gender,” she writes.  
“Only when the tiresome and completely unfounded claim that ‘feminism is about choice’ is dead and buried (it’s not about choice, it’s about equality) will we consign restrictive gender stereotypes to history,” she writes.
According to Marquand, allowing women to stay home and raise their kids is bad for the economy (and is worsened by what she calls a “double standard” regarding welfare benefits in favor of stay-at-home moms resulting from “the the unfair tax concessions enjoyed by one-income households”). Mothers being able to stay home is “not doing anyone any favours,” she says. ”Not children, not fathers, not bosses — and certainly not women.”
So, in other words: Letting women who want to stay home and raise their kids is harmful to the women who want to stay home and raise their kids. Okay, got it. Oh wait, no I don’t, because that is the dumbest load of garbage that I have ever heard in my entire life.
I mean, what exactly would Marquand like to see done to the women who tried to defy this policy? Fine them? Imprison them? If they won’t be away from their families by going to work, then they will just have to be away from their families by going to prison!  
Although I myself am currently a single, career-focused woman, I recognize that my choice isn’t going to be the right one for everyone. Many women choose to stay home, and many choose to stay at home even when their kids get to school-age because they have found that there are things that they can do to support their families that they could not do if they were working. In fact, some moms even stay home to homeschool, because they have found that their school-aged children have different learning styles and/or certain extracurricular interests that they could not pursue on a traditional public-school schedule. It’s a wonderful option for a lot of people, and it would cease to be an option if an idea like Marquand’s were ever to become a reality.
Now, Marquand tried to support her position by claiming that stay-at-home-moms have an unfair advantage when it comes to things like welfare assistance and tax breaks. Whether this true or not, it still doesn’t justify her argument. She is, after all, not calling for her rule to apply only in these situations, nor is she calling for it to apply only for these reasons. She’s saying that all people should be forced to go to work, even if they do have the financial means to survive as a single-income family without any government assistance, and even if they did not have any kind of tax breaks, because that is the only way for workforce participation to be “equal.”
But here’s the thing: When it comes to workforce participation, men and women are already equal in the sense that they both get the exact same right to choose whether they will participate or not.  
Marquand insists that the people who believe “feminism is about choice” are wrong, but she believes that feminism is about forcing women to do things that they do not want to do — and it should be obvious to anyone with a brain that that backwards interpretation is about as blatantly wrong as it gets.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.



ARTICLE
Frankenstein’s limbs are severable, and able to be reassembled, until the creature is finally brought to life. Speaker Paul Ryan and his leadership team should consider that when trying to garner conservative votes for the Obamacare replacement bill, or “Ryancare.”
Compared with a number of well-designed, conservative health-policy proposals over the past decade, Ryancare is a Frankenstein monster of disparate elements that don’t really work well together — including elements of Obamacare that ought to be excised completely rather than used as part of the new monster. The leadership surely could have done better.
But one good reason they felt obliged to reuse some bad parts of current law is that excising them could run afoul of the soon-to-be-famous rules on budget “reconciliation,” which enables the Senate to avoid a 41-vote filibuster against budget bills. Concerns about reconciliation are not illegitimate, and conservatives who dismiss them aren’t playing straight with the American public. (Critics are definitely bordering on demagoguery or hypocrisy in some of their other complaints, but that’s a different subject.)
As Philip Klein explains well in the Washington Examiner, a provision passes muster under reconciliation rules only if it has a clear and non-incidental impact on the federal budget. So, to invent an example, if the bill tried to outlaw gauze bandages, that provision would have no obvious fiscal impact and therefore wouldn’t pass the reconciliation test.
On the other hand, conservatives have a valid point that some of the Obamacare regulations they want to repeal but that Ryancare leaves standing would surely have at least as much a fiscal impact as the does “individual mandate,” which Chief Justice John Roberts spuriously decided was a “tax.” I would argue, for example, that the horrendous Independent Payment Advisory Board, whose entire anticipated existence is for the purpose of cost control (although it likely would, perversely, fail at that attempt), is clearly something that has a budgetary impact that fits within reconciliation guidelines. Why didn’t the authors of Ryancare at least try to eliminate IPAB? There seems to be no good reason.
That’s just one example. Health-policy wonks could list any number of other regulatory changes that the Senate parliamentarian might accept as being within reconciliation rules.
Most conservatives, of course, want to destroy the whole regulatory edifice of Obamacare, root and branch, and some even argue it all could be done in one bill. That’s a stretch. It’s also short-sighted: Some of the same people arguing in favor of blasting through reconciliation parameters are the ones who in other circumstances are most vocal about the sanctity of the legislative filibuster. Conservatives could rue the day they set a precedent that could make it easier for future Democratic-majority Senates to lard up budget bills with all sorts of objectionable liberal policies.
There is a middle ground, though, between pushing discrete, targeted regulatory changes and trying to force a full Obamacare repeal into a reconciliation process not intended for non-budgetary items. To secure more conservative votes in the House, keep Ryancare alive for further Senate improvements, and thereby avoid a defeat that the establishment media would play as a sign of unalterable incompetence, Ryan’s team should pick, say, three Obamacare regulations with the most obvious budgetary impact and add their repeal to the Ryancare package before Thursday’s expected up-or-down vote. Each of those provisions should be accompanied by a “fiscal note” that lays out exactly why and how the budgetary impact is significant rather than incidental.
Nervous Nellies might argue that this could bring the whole bill down because the Senate might decide that reconciliation rules have been busted in such a way as to make the whole Ryancare bill filibuster-able from the get-go. They are probably wrong — again, some regulations so obviously have a budgetary impact that their repeal would surely withstand scrutiny.
But there is a fairly simple way to be sure. The House should add language making any regulatory changes automatically severable from the rest of the bill if the Senate rules that the changes violate reconciliation parameters. (In a bit of procedural payback, the bill could say that regulatory changes should be “deemed” severable.) That way, it can both test a more aggressively anti-Obamacare posture and have the rest of the Ryancare bill as a fail-safe if the parliamentarian more narrowly circumscribes the budget rules.
Senate leaders could help even more if they publicly pledge to recalcitrant House conservatives that they will try to shoehorn even more deregulation into the package once the House passes it. “If you get us started with regulatory changes,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell should say, “we’ll see you and raise you with eliminating even more of them — and we’ll make sure we push as many fixes past the parliamentary goalkeeper as possible.”
House conservatives, and hardline outside pressure groups, should in turn stop their ideologically holier-than-thou routines. Donald Trump is right: If Republicans fail to pass something that topples the overall Obamacare system and replaces it with free-market solutions, they will all go down to crushing defeats in 2018. And, after seven years of pledging to replace Obamacare, they will deserve to lose if they insist on purity at the cost of failure to pass any reform at all.
House conservatives must understand that they will get another chance to vote on this package, once the Senate has worked its will. Killing the bill now would be not just foolish but asinine — especially if House leadership makes a few more moves in a deregulatory direction, with Frankensteinian severability part of the deal.
— Quin Hillyer is a contributing editor of National Review Online.



ARTICLE
As the husband and stepfather of accomplished artists, I take art very seriously. It is, in the words of President Kennedy, “close to the center of a nation’s purpose and a test of the quality of a nation’s civilization.” But for all that, Donald Trump is absolutely right in his desire to defund the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA).
According to its supporters, without the NEA, art in America would cease to exist. They have a point. Absolutely nothing can happen in this country unless the federal government funds or mandates it. Without Washington we are a wasteland. After all, the NEA wasn’t established until 1965, and before that there was hardly an American artist to be found. Well, except maybe people like Edward Hopper, Georgia O’Keefe, John Singer Sargent, Edmonia Lewis, Charles Sheeler, Mary Cassatt, Winslow Homer . . .
The NEA’s budget is a paltry $138 million. By contrast, private philanthropy contributes more than $17 billion every year to support for the arts. Ticket and merchandise sales bring in another $12.7 billion. In fact, government sources at all levels, federal, state, and local, contribute less than 4 percent of arts funding.
What supporters of the NEA are really complaining about is a lack of funding for art that they like. The boobs and illiterates out there in Trumpland can’t be expected to understand or support “real” art. How could they possibly fund art worth viewing? If you want to know why we are saddled with a President Trump, that attitude goes a long way toward explaining it.
But doesn’t government funding provide an imprimatur of approval that can be leveraged for additional support? Perhaps. But that’s exactly why the government should not be in the art-funding business. The government shouldn’t be in the business of approving or disapproving any type of expression.
Art is deeply personal. It touches the core of our being, and helps form our outlook on the world, even our fundamental belief systems. That is one reason why authoritarian regimes have long sought to control art, repress it, or use it for propaganda. For many of the same reasons that we demand separation of church and state, we should want the separation of art and state. It is more difficult to speak truth to power when power pays your bills.
It is true that the NEA’s ability to withhold funding based on content has been limited since the Supreme Court’s decision in NEA v. Finley (1998). But that doesn’t mean that the NEA doesn’t pick and choose guided by prejudices and preconceived notions. Even when its decisions don’t reflect politics or a particular worldview, it’s funding can be determined by the artistic vogue of the day — abstract or avant-garde art, performance, minimalist, video, you name it, rather than figurative art or realism in general — as has been the trend over the last few decades. Like other viewers and consumers, I have my own preferences and biases about types of art I like. The government shouldn’t.
Nor should we count on the NEA to nourish new artists or those trying to challenge the art establishment. Following a series of embarrassments in the 1990s, the NEA stopped funding individual artists. Today, its money goes to arts organizations and programs that have their own built-in rigidities. In many ways, the NEA simply rubberstamps the artistic status quo. That’s ultimately bad for the arts and artists.
Federal spending on the NEA is little more than a drop in a vast ocean of red ink. It is hardly the most egregious use of taxpayer money. But it is a prime example of how government distorts and corrupts nearly everything it touches. If we truly care about art, we should want the government to keep its hands off.
There are many reasons to be disappointed with Trump’s spending cuts. They don’t actually cut spending, for example, but just shift it around. But if this latest budget proposal starts a serious debate about finally eliminating those programs that the federal government should never have gotten involved with in the first place, it will have performed a valuable service.
— Michael Tanner is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and the author of Going for Broke: Deficits, Debt, and the Entitlement Crisis. You can follow him on his blog, TannerOnPolicy.com.



ARTICLE
‘And there, my friends,” declared our guide, gesturing out at a sprawling mountain view, “is where we will soon see The Great Wall of Trump.”
Everyone laughed. Then we stared. We were in West Texas, high in the Chinati Mountains — yes, Virginia, there are mountains in Texas — and it was hard to imagine a giant wall smack dab in the middle of that fantastic view. But there it was, in the thick of rugged desert beauty few Americans trek out to see: a gigantic, imaginary line, primed, if our enthusiastic president gets his wish, for a “big, beautiful wall.”
On my trip last week to the Texas border, Trump Wall jokes abounded, some tinged with wizened gallows humor. How could they not? On Sunday, the White House released its initial “border-wall requirements” to Fox News, and they seemed, to be charitable, a bit unrealistic: In addition to being “30 feet high” and “difficult to climb or cut through,” you see, the wall must also “look good from the U.S. side.”
If you didn’t chortle at that last aesthetic requirement, you either have a heart of stone or have never actually seen a government-built 30-foot wall.
When it comes to addressing our nation’s immigration problems — and, to be sure, there are many — it seems, alas, that we’re content to debate in cartoonish terms. It’s one thing to contemplate an all-inclusive border wall in the abstract, as many Americans far from the border do; it’s quite another to actually go where the rubber will hit the road. And for more than 1,000 miles of the U.S.–Mexican border, that road turns out to be a river.
Here things get goofy: Where will the river portion of the wall go? On the Texan side of the Rio Grande, effectively blocking off river access and views? Down the middle of the river, just to be fair? Right through a hidden gem of a national park, which borders two massive Mexican conservation tracts and boasts daunting natural boundaries on either side?
The answer to that last question, at least according to a recent Department of Homeland Security report, is yes. Big Bend National Park, a Texas treasure and one of the most remote national parks in the continental U.S., hosts about 118 miles of the Rio Grande — and, therefore, 118 miles of the Mexican border. It’s not easy to get to Big Bend, and to get out, visitors must pass through Border Patrol checkpoints on north–south roads. The DHS report, which prices the wall at $21.6 billion, slates Big Bend for the second phase of its construction.
Texas’s Republican governor, Greg Abbott, has publicly opposed a wall in Big Bend, as has the area’s Republican congressman, Will Hurd. Big Bend’s wild, dry, imposing terrain poses its own natural barrier: In 2016, Big Bend had the fewest illegal border crossings “of any sector along the Texas border,” according to the Austin American-Statesman.
Taking in the views of Big Bend, with its wild, scenic, and sharp-edged mix of desert, mountains, and river — the idea of a wall seems implausible. But when it comes down to fulfilling Trump’s biggest presidential-campaign promise, political expediency may make the park, far-flung and generally little known, a target.
“The biggest challenge to Trump’s timeline is going to be the fact that Texas, where there are currently 110 miles of wall on our 1,200-mile border, is almost entirely private property,” the Sierra Club’s Scott Nicol told the Statesman. “Land-condemnation suits will take years, but Big Bend National Park and some remaining tracts of the Lower Rio Grande Valley National Wildlife Refuge down here are federally owned.”
Eminent-domain battles over private land, in other words, are neither pretty nor popular. If push comes to shove, building on federal lands such as Big Bend might quickly become the path of least political resistance. We’ve already seen phase one of the wall’s cynical politics — the muddy question of who will pay for it — fly off into the winds and down the memory hole. What surprises, it seems fair to ask, will come next?
Whatever their feelings about Trump’s stances on immigration, it seems unlikely that most Americans would object to practical, non-wall measures to beef up border security in Texas’s biggest national park. But Trump promised a big, impenetrable, and somehow mysteriously beautiful wall. Whether we’ll get a symbolic, ineffective, and park-marring wall instead remains to be seen.
— Heather Wilhelm is a National Review Online columnist and a senior contributor to the Federalist.



ARTICLE
Monday’s House Intelligence Committee hearing, billed as the first public inquiry into Russia’s election meddling, was a spectacle with an obvious lesson: Offense is easier than defense.
House Republicans had a good time investigating the Obama administration. How successful those investigations were is a debate for historians. But the fact remains they had the whip in hand, while the Democrats were held hostage to the political necessity of defending the administration. The GOP still has the majority, but it must now protect the administration — run by a president who doesn’t always make that task simple.
With pained expressions, Republicans, led by Chairman Devin Nunes (R., Calif.), tried to make the main story the unauthorized and illegal leaks of extremely classified information — specifically pertaining to President Trump’s 24-day national-security adviser, retired lieutenant general Michael Flynn, but also the unlawful leaks of Trump’s telephone conversations.
The Republicans are correct that the leaks should be an enormous scandal, particularly given the often hysterical arguments about the government’s intrusions into American privacy over the last 15 years. Leaking a president’s conversations fundamentally undermines the ability of the president — any president — to talk frankly with foreign leaders, especially our allies. That’s a huge story.
But moving headlines in that direction was a tall order. The GOP’s leaky strategy took a hit when FBI director James Comey broke protocol (again) to confirm that there is indeed an active investigation of “any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign” and the Russians. Doubling down on bad news for the GOP, Comey and National Security Agency director Mike Rogers refuted the president’s claim that he was bugged by the Obama administration or British Intelligence.
If the Republicans thought the media would take the bait, they were deluding themselves.
First, as a practical matter, the media love leaks, believing they’re an indispensable part of a functioning democracy and the bread-and-butter of their vocation. Even if these leaks weren’t damaging to an administration the media clearly loathe, most mainstream journalists wouldn’t help the Republicans make leaking the main issue.
More important, Russia’s meddling, despite all of the gossip and misinformation swirling around it, is also a major story — and a much sexier one. Democrats could hardly contain their partisan glee when talking about Russian chicanery or speculating about possible Trump campaign cutouts like the infamous political henchman Roger Stone.
The White House clearly hoped the hearing would help close the Russian chapter. Trump even tweeted Monday morning that the whole controversy was “made up” by the Democrats. But it seems unlikely that the FBI would be investigating a fabricated story.
Rather, Monday’s hearing should be seen as further evidence that Russia’s meddling is bearing fruit.
The intelligence community has concluded that Russia only belatedly wanted Trump to win. The Russians’ first priority — as it is in elections throughout Europe — was to undermine the legitimacy of the democratic process and to sow chaos in the West.
In this, they have succeeded.
Russian meddling led to then-candidate Trump’s celebration of it during the campaign — “I love WikiLeaks!” — which led to illegal partisan leaks, which led to Trump accusing his predecessor of “wiretapping” Trump Tower and then suggesting that the British did the spying for us. The ensuing chaos required Comey, at the hearing on Monday, to break protocol and divulge that an investigation is taking place. It’s like the “Chicago way” applied to democratic norms. Once one side starts violating them, everyone feels justified in doing likewise.
It’s embarrassing to have the heads of the FBI and the NSA — never mind congressional leaders in Trump’s own party — nod to Russian power and publicly refute numerous incendiary presidential claims.
Nothing about any of this is normal.
My hunch is that some of Trump’s henchmen were involved in skullduggery with WikiLeaks and other proxies for Russian intelligence (which may explain why some were fired). But even if no one did anything wrong, the United States clearly needs to take Russia to task — which won’t happen if the party in control of Congress focuses exclusively on leaks.
The challenge for the GOP in the months ahead will be to figure out how to play more than just defense.
—Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior editor of National Review. You can write to him by e-mail at [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ or via Twitter @JonahNRO. Copyright © 2017 Tribune Content Agency, LLC



ARTICLE
Ryancare suffers from a serious ailment: acute Senatitis.
Conservative lawmakers prescribe urgent intervention to correct this condition. They fret that leaving it untreated could make the entire Republican party gravely ill.
Why is Ryancare so sick? In short, it’s a House bill written under Senate rules. House speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and the Republican leadership crafted the uninspiringly named American Health Care Act with an overabundance of caution. They have assumed that Senate Democrats would use a narrow reading of budget law to block major replacement ideas that would cut costs through consumer freedom and choice.
But why should the House GOP leadership be hogtied by Senate Democrats’ potential interpretation of the rules?
Under the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Act of 1974, the reconciliation process would allow Senate Republicans to avoid a Democratic filibuster and repeal and replace Obamacare with a simple 51-vote majority. Nonetheless, the House GOP-leadership bill excludes popular, important, conservative measures because Democrats might try to disqualify them for having a “merely incidental” budget impact.
Au contraire! Freeing Americans to buy insurance across state lines, encouraging them to launch association health plans (such as Rotarycare for the Rotary Club’s 330,000 members and their loved ones), and letting anyone buy catastrophic coverage would have a significant budgetary impact. If those three ideas alone (among many more) shifted Americans from Medicaid to private insurance or kept them in the free market and out of government programs, this would limit federal outlays — big league.
As this reconciliation question arose, Senator Ted Cruz (R., Texas) did something seldom seen on Capitol Hill: He read the relevant statute.
“The test for reconciliation is codified in the Budget Act of 1974,” Cruz said in an interview. “Repealing the Obamacare insurance mandates — which drive up insurance premiums by billions of dollars and impact the federal government by billions of dollars — is indisputably budgetary in nature.”
“Only a hyper-technical reading of the statute would prevent real repeal on reconciliation,” Cruz explained. “No Republican in Congress or the administration should accept the phony argument that we can’t repeal the insurance mandates, and we can’t drive down premiums, because the parliamentarian won’t let us. . . . We have no ruling from the parliamentarian to that effect.”
Cruz added: “And even if the parliamentarian arrived upon that erroneous interpretation of the statutory language, the Budget Act of 1974 gives the authority to resolve this question to the vice president of the United States, Mike Pence.”
In fact, the word “parliamentarian” appears nowhere in the Budget Act of 1974! Rather than run in fear from Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough, Cruz proposes that the House send the Senate a genuine repeal-and-replacement measure. If the Republican-appointed MacDonough does not object, what’s the problem? But if she balks, Pence can overrule her. And, in turn, the Senate’s Republican majority can sustain Pence’s decision.
There is a major precedent for Cruz’s concept. The 1996 welfare-reform bill repealed and replaced Aid to Families with Dependent Children via reconciliation. That huge federal-assistance program’s budgetary and non-budgetary provisions were swept away through reconciliation. What’s good enough for AFDC is good enough for ACA.
Other Senate free-marketeers find Cruz’s approach alluring.
“I think there’s a strong argument that can be made for it, and I’d like to see us explore it,” Senator Mike Lee (R., Utah) told me. “I definitely like the policy, and I think it’s also unmistakable that it would have a budgetary impact and should therefore be something we explore through reconciliation.”
“There’s a statute that we should comply with because I believe in the rule of law,” said Senator Pat Toomey (R., Pa.). “The statute says that issues that have a budgetary impact that’s non-incidental pass the test of reconciliation. I think we should use that to the greatest extent possible.”
Free-market stalwarts like these have been mystified by the behavior of Speaker Ryan and his team. Despite their respectable conservative credentials, they are speeding a bill toward a Republican president’s desk that’s to the left of the more robust repeal measure that nearly unanimous Republicans sent Obama in January 2016.
Conservatives also question Ryan’s three-phase road to ruin for Obamacare.
They worry that Phase I, Ryancare, will do little or nothing to lower health expenses. The Congressional Budget Office predicts that Ryancare will boost average premiums by 15 to 20 percent by 2019. Eventually it would curb premiums by 10 percent, but not until 2026.
Phase II — efforts by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, M.D., to amputate Obamacare’s regulatory legs — sounds inviting. But they could wind up in court. Also, Dr. Price has the statutory authority to do these things now, so why await Phase II?
As for Phase III, conservative observers have lowered their expectations. Future legislation would cut costs and boost patient power (e.g., malpractice-litigation reform, letting Americans purchase medical insurance through universal Health Savings Accounts, terminating the “Cadillac tax” on high-end plans, etc.).
These and other reforms supposedly must be excluded from Ryan’s Phase I bill because Senate Democrats will filibuster them. But if this is a problem in Phase I, why won’t the Democrats deploy their 60-vote hurdle against Phase III?
Conversely, if Phase III will be filibuster-proof, why not shift its vital, cost-saving, freedom-enhancing reforms to Phase I?
Which is it?
At best, the Senate will leave the House bill intact. More likely, it will amend it to the left. So House Republicans should send the Senate the most patient-centered, limited-government, pro-market bill that they can design.
Senate Democrats will resist, no matter what the House passes. If a Trump-backed House bill guaranteed every illegal alien a free weekly visit to the doctor of his choice, Democrats would explode in rage: “Racists!” they would erupt. “Trump is Satan and the Republicans are his demons! Weekly medical visits? Why not daily? And how dare these Nazis deny undocumented employees the pleasure of house calls?”
When Senate Democrats bellow that the House bill violates reconciliation rules, the parliamentarian may disagree with them. If so, the measure would advance, and the Republican majority would pass it with 51 or 52 votes.
If the parliamentarian agrees with the Democrats, however, Vice President Pence can ignore her advice and rule the bill in order. If so, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York may attempt to overturn Pence’s decision with a three-fifths majority. Schumer would need to rally all 48 Senate Democrats and twelve Republican senators to reach 60 votes.
Not bloody likely.
The real risk is that President Trump will sign Ryancare as written today. Without the cost-reducing, pro-patient provisions that conservatives expect, Ryancare will trigger fresh chaos, including higher insurance premiums. Americans could open their insurance-renewal packets — and discover their rising premiums — in late October 2018. Imagine voters, eager for Obamacare repeal and replacement, feeling baited and switched as their insurance bills climb another 10 to 15 percent, just days before the midterm elections.
“If we pass a so-called Obamacare-repeal bill that leaves premiums still rising,” Senator Cruz warns, “the American people who elected us will rightly be ready to tar and feather Republicans who made false promises to them.”
Tar and feathers would be preferable to what actually may occur.
Ryancare and its discontents could demolish the prospects for securing a 60-seat, filibuster-proof GOP Senate majority. Even worse, Republicans could shrink or even sink their House majority, perhaps returning Nancy Pelosi to the speaker’s chair.
It is unfathomable that two months into a unified Republican government, such a nightmare scenario is being discussed. And yet it is, all because the highly intelligent, truly diligent, and dangerously cautious Paul Ryan has fallen victim to a virus that makes him think like a Senate Democrat.
— Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News contributor and a contributing editor of National Review Online. William de Wolff furnished research for this opinion piece.



ARTICLE
Watching Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing yesterday, I had a flashback. The year was 2005. Republican (soon to be Democratic) senator Arlen Specter brandished a bulky chart purporting to show dozens of Supreme Court cases upholding Roe v. Wade. He proceeded to call Roe a “super-duper precedent,” thereby entirely inventing a new jurisprudential category apparently immune to further Supreme Court scrutiny.
Flash-forward to yesterday, when California senator Dianne Feinstein appeared to actually downgrade Roe from a “super-duper precedent” to a mere “super precedent.” On Monday she said of the Supreme Court’s history of upholding Roe, “If these judgments when combined do not constitute super precedent, I don’t know what does.” Then, on Tuesday she had the following exchange with Judge Gorsuch:
(Judge Gorsuch’s response to Feinstein’s inarticulately phrased question? Roe “has been reaffirmed many times.”)
Let’s begin with the most elementary legal basics. There is no such thing as “super precedent.” The concept simply doesn’t exist in the law. There is stare decisis, the legal principle that binds lower courts to follow the rulings of superior courts and also traditionally holds that courts should be reluctant to overturn their own precedents. But there is no such thing as a precedent so settled it is irreversible.
To put it plainly, then, the Supreme Court has the power to reverse its own rulings. The tradition of stare decisis holds that it should do so only in compelling circumstances, to correct a legal wrong. This is what Judge Gorsuch is talking about when he speaks to Senator Feinstein of the value of certainty and predictability in judicial pronouncements. Stare decisis is indeed an important part of our nation’s legal fabric.
But that does not mean — and has never meant — that the Supreme Court can’t reverse itself. Indeed, as Justice Brandeis wrote in 1932, because the Supreme Court is the final word on constitutional interpretation, legal stability bows to legal correctness:
Brandeis’s words are just as true now as they were then. The Supreme Court has overruled itself dozens of times over the years, reversing some entrenched and culturally important precedents in the process.
Those desiring proof of the bankruptcy of “super precedent” as a concept need only consider the example of Plessy v. Ferguson. In that 1896 case, the justices constitutionalized second-class status for African Americans, providing their seal of approval to the apparatus of segregation entrenched throughout the American South. An entire oppressive way of life was built around “separate but equal,” the famous doctrine enshrined in Plessy.
That doctrine endured for 58 very long and consequential years. Yet who among us would argue that Plessy was entitled to a greater degree of deference simply because it lasted a long time and had a huge cultural impact?
Indeed, you can list Supreme Court case after Supreme Court case that virtually any Democrat would eagerly say should have been overruled, no matter its age or influence. Would Dianne Feinstein’s respect for Bowers v. Hardwick (holding that there was no constitutional right to engage in sodomy) have increased merely because of the passage of time? Does age improve the holdings of Dred Scott, which helped launch the Civil War, or of the Korematsu decision, which validated Japanese internment? Indeed, the latter precedent has never been specifically overturned. The passage of time and the number of cases citing a precedent’s reasoning have nothing at all to do with its validity.
In short, Feinstein’s argument is disingenuous, and the Democrats know it. If they don’t like a precedent, they want it overruled; if they like it, then they advance the idea that it has attained some sort of special constitutional status. It’s all outcomes-based reasoning, just like the “reasoning” that holds that Judge Gorsuch is unfit not because his jurisprudence is wrongheaded but because he rules for corporations (or against African Americans) too often.
The truth is that Roe is terrible constitutional law. The Supreme Court concocted a right to kill children out of thin constitutional air, and the defense of that right now rests not on sound legal reasoning but on zealous and fanatical political pressure. The Left makes up a new legal doctrine with the same enthusiasm that it made up the right to abortion. There is no “super precedent.” There is only precedent, and Roe is one precedent that cannot and should not withstand the proper application of law or logic.
Judge Gorsuch is right. Roe has been “reaffirmed many times,” each time a mistake. The Supreme Court doesn’t just have the right to correct such shoddy precedents; it has an obligation to do so, too.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
A Hampshire College student has pleaded “not guilty” to charges related to the alleged physical assault of a white basketball player over the fact that her braids were “cultural appropriation,” and I just have to ask: What happens inside of your brain to make you think that that’s okay?
According to the Daily Hampshire Gazette, 20-year-old Carmen Figuera approached some apparently non-Latina members of the Central Maine Community College women’s basketball team and demanded that they remove their braids from their heads because it was “cultural appropriation.” Now, anyone with any logical ability whatsoever should be able to understand that it takes a very long time to unbraid tight, cornrow-style braids, which means that Figuera’s take-them-out-now demand was absurd on a practical level as well as on a philosophical one. But apparently, not everyone has been gifted with basic logic, because when the girls refused to remove them, Figuera allegedly started a fight with one of the girls, and then an another Hampshire College student allegedly physically attacked one of them as well, pulling the girl’s hair and causing her to fall down.
Wow! What a victory for social justice! What a productive dialogue! And by that I mean, what a complete display of absolute unhinged behavior for which there is absolutely no acceptable excuse.
I don’t care what race you are, you don’t have the right to demand that a person remove their hairstyle. You can dislike it, sure. But the truth is, no one has the right to demand that another person in our free country not wear her hair in a certain way, and so just deciding to appoint yourself as the Social Justice Hair Police is really not a thing you can do here.
Unfortunately, however, these kinds of demands are not new. Just last week. A group of Latina students at Pitzer College demanded that all white girls on campus remove their hoops immediately for cultural-appropriation reasons, with at least one student going so far as to think she had the authority to send an e-mail to the entire campus on the issue. And even more unfortunately, someone resorting to violence in the name of social justice isn’t new either: A black San Francisco University student was caught on tape physically assaulting a white student over his dreadlocks for the same reason just last year.
First of all, let me say that in most cases, it’s dumb enough that so many people are running around claiming that a certain modern culture “owns” any modern style at all. In case you didn’t know, humans have been around for a very long time, and that at this point there is really no such thing as an “original idea” that hasn’t been borrowed from someone else. Hoop earrings, for example, date back to ancient Greek, Roman, and Sumerian cultures, meaning that technically these Latina students at Pitzer would be appropriating their style from them.
Second of all, regardless of whatever your diversity training has taught you about braids or earrings or anything else, just what in the the hell are you experiencing mentally that leads you to decide that assault is the appropriate action physically? “Cultural appropriation,” whatever you consider it to be, may make you personally upset, but do you know what? It’s not illegal. You know what is, though? Pulling someone’s hair and knocking them to the ground. Pushing someone. If a white kid were to show up to a basketball game wearing cornrows, hoop earrings, and a costume that’s half geisha and half sexy-Pocahontas, you still wouldn’t have the right to assault that person.
Writing a little buzz-word-salad op-ed is one thing, but under no circumstances is it legal — or even remotely appropriate — to get violent, and the fact that people are increasingly seeming to believe that they have the authority to act as culturally-sensitive-hair-and-clothing-enforcement agents makes me think that we need to include some serious reality checks in our treatment of these issues.



ARTICLE
Though it is hard to believe some days, the political atmosphere in Washington is slowly settling down. The Democrats drone tiresomely on, battering the piñata that there is no evidence that President Obama tapped candidate Trump’s telephones, and the Republicans, as if trying to extract a shark’s teeth, require the endlessly repeated admission that the allegation of collusion between the Russian government and the Trump campaign was horse feathers. The corresponding entrenched defense positions are that the Republicans have reason to believe that there was official surveillance of some kind of the Trump campaign, and the Democrats will claim there was coincidental and circumstantial evidence of some sort of connection between Russia and sometime members of the Trump entourage.
A narrow victory could probably be had by the Republicans, as the Democratic charge was a good deal more serious and it was the Democrats who initially raised the customary honeymoon to this level of vituperative combat, and fed their parrots in the national media by cajoling or incentivizing government employees to engage in a deluge of felonious leaks. Further, the Democratic punch that followed the misdirected haymaker about Trump and the Kremlin was the Trump tax return. NBC, where Donald Trump for many years pulled a large number of eyeballs and generated substantial profits, has narrowly won the gripping sweepstakes among most of the national media to be the most biased and unprofessional members of the Trumpophobic media lynch-mob. It gave the Billy Bush tape to the Washington Post at what it took to be the decisive moment in the campaign; and it sent Madd Rachel on its cable network MSNBC, to follow Mika Brzezinski’s apparent breakdown caused by Trump-nausea, with the scandal that Trump paid only $38 million in federal income taxes over a decade ago. It was a lethal self-inflicted double-wound. Most people were impressed that he paid so much tax, and it was the end of the contrapuntal Democratic serenade that Trump is really broke and a bad credit risk.
The other issues are settling also: The president is the first holder of his office since Ronald Reagan to work effectively with the Congress — so far only his own party, but it holds majorities — and he is skillfully herding the cats together to secure passage of his health-care-reform bill. He is doing what presidents are supposed to do, and using his office to smooth legislative edges to facilitate passage of serious legislation. His budget outline also came out last week. Both bills are drastically needed and this sort of executive-legislative cooperation generally raises the quality and production of the legislative process. Even the Democrats know that if nothing is done, Obamacare will come down around the neck of America, bringing misery to millions.
The orgy of posturing and pyrotechnics that went on over admission of migrants is also subsiding. It is fairly predictable that Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court and when these carefully shopped West Coast federal judges’ decisions purporting to wrench from the hands of the president his constitutional control over immigration reach the high court, they will be resoundingly quashed. Non-Americans resident in distant countries have no access to legal safeguards provided by the Bill of Rights, and sundry excerpts from candidates’ hustings oratory do not qualify as the legislator’s intention in respect of an executive order clearly within the jurisdiction of a president.
The surest signs that this government is becoming confident is in foreign policy, generally conducted outside media observation. Discreetly, the president, Secretary of State Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Mattis, and others have put the pieces of a thoughtful foreign policy of a great power together very quickly. The only country capable of succeeding Nazi Germany and Imperialist Japan and the Soviet Union as a serious threat and rival to the United States is China. The most overtly troublesome important foreign power in recent years has been Russia. The most troublesome second-echelon power has been Iran, followed at a distance by Turkey. The danger of putting Russia too authoritatively in its rightful place of being less of an irritant than it has been, is that Russia — if brushed back in Syria and Ukraine and faced with the continued imposition of sanctions, all of which the United States could do — would redouble its support of Iran and be driven into the arms of China, which is not in the American or Western interest.
The agreement among the chairmen of the joint chiefs of staff of the U.S., Russia, and Turkey, at Antalya, Turkey, on March 7 caused the Iranian foreign ministry on March 11 to accuse the three powers of concerting on the expulsion of Iran from Syria. The Americans approved and facilitated the Russian-led pacification of Aleppo and an increased participation by Turkey in Syria. Turkey ruled Syria for centuries and was driven out of it only by the British in World War I. This elevation of Turkey to the company of the U.S. and Russia materially diminished Turkey’s interest in stirring the Arab–Israeli pot, where its pro-Arab diplomacy has been an ignominious failure. The Russians and Americans have jointly recognized Turkey as the leading Muslim regional power, and all three will apparently cooperate in trying to transform Syria into a confederation of Alawite (Assad) and other elements that the West has been supporting, governed in a decentralized structure, while all three powers and their Syrian protegés cooperate in stamping out ISIS, and Turkey replaces Iran as an influence in Syria. This tripartite relationship is being developed at the senior military level in a committee ostensibly devoted to avoiding abrasive incidents between the three powers. Iran is attempting to dissuade the Russians from this course by offering economic assistance (which Iran can ill afford) and Russian bases on the Persian Gulf. The goodwill of the United States, including the elimination of sanctions, is worth more to Russia than anything Iran can provide.
In December 2016, Andrey Kortunov, the director of the Russian International Affairs Council, which is close to the Kremlin, said the U.S. and Russia could become allies, and this theme has been quasi-officially repeated by the Russians at close intervals since. On February 9, the chairman of the Presidium of the Council on Foreign and Defense Policy, Fyodor Lukyanov, wrote in an influential journal that Iran was a bargaining chip to improve relations with the U.S. There have also been Iranian reports of some clashes on the ground between Iranian forces and those of or sponsored by Russia and Turkey. This corresponds with the American effort, advanced by the high-level Saudi visit to Washington last week, to organize Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the other Gulf states into the nucleus of what the Arabs call an “Arab NATO,” explicitly directed against Iran. The next steps are presumably that the steady flow of arms and agitators to Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza continues to diminish and that preparations be made to receive refugees safely back into Syria and to resettle the several million displaced Syrians within the country. Russia will keep its naval base on the Syrian shore of the Mediterranean. If the United States is prepared to end the sanctions on Russia, there will have to be an agreement on Ukraine, presumably that the Russians will cease to incite violence and agitation in that country, and that Ukraine, as it cleans up its domestic corruption and disorder, will be admitted to an associate status with the European Union. It will remain out of NATO, but its post-Crimea borders will be guaranteed by Russia and NATO (as will those of the small Baltic former Soviet republics, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania).
Any such arrangements as these will calm down these terrible trouble areas that festered and overflowed through the painful years of the Obama appeasement of Iran and the incoherence of its “Reset” period in Russian relations. These are satisfactory compromises; it is of marginal concern to the West who governs in Syria as long as it does not become again an agent for violence, a cat’s paw of Iran, a conduit to the Hezbollah and Hamas terrorists, or a bloodbath generating masses of refugees crowding into Europe. A neutral Ukraine, incentivized to shape up its economy and with assured borders on all sides, accommodates adequately the Western interest and the legitimate ambitions of Ukraine. Russia had the Crimea from the 17th century until 1955; it is no heavy blow to the West for it to regain it. All of this keeps Russia positively engaged with the West and enables its government to claim a partial resurrection of the country’s former geopolitical influence in its Romanov and Communist years, without undoing any significant part of the overwhelming Western victory in the Cold War, or inducing insecurity in Western and Central Europe.
This progress in putting these vexatious problems in their proper order enabled Secretary of State Tillerson last week to say, in East Asia, that the United States had ended its policy of appeasing North Korea, which had prevailed from the Clinton administration’s “Agreed Framework” of 1994, through all the efforts of Condoleezza Rice and Christopher Hill in the George W. Bush administration, to the benign neglect of the Obama regime. The U.S. was no longer determined to see no evil. Mr. Tillerson stated the obvious, that China was the enabler and had used North Korea as a goad and irritant to America and its Asian allies, especially Japan and South Korea. China is not pleased with the belligerent attitude of North Korea either, but it is afraid of destabilizing it because it fears that a united Korea would quickly become a G-8 country, and another insubordinate and powerful neighbor. Containment will prevail as long as the United States applies suitable and consistent pressure, in solidarity with the other countries in the region. But this only became possible with the reorganization of relations with Russia to a constructive general understanding. (The North Korean problem also illustrates the fact that, though General Douglas MacArthur’s insubordination to President Truman was unacceptable, he and Richard Nixon and John Foster Dulles were correct that we should have got rid of North Korea when we had the chance to do it relatively cheaply in 1951. Chou En-lai confirmed to President Nixon in 1972 that Stalin would have done nothing to help Red China.) Americans will see, soon enough, that they now have a government that knows how to exercise the Western influence in the world benignly and successfully.
Note: Thanks to my friend Ron Radosh for pointing out that the comparison between Steve Bannon and King Henry VIII’s chancellor Thomas Cromwell, which I mentioned last week, was made by Bannon himself. But this was in an article by Michael Wolff, who is completely unreliable and knows nothing of Tudor history. I do not believe Bannon really compared himself to someone who undermined his predecessor (Cardinal Wolsey), supported the false conviction and execution of the queen (Anne Boleyn), and was then executed himself for proposing another failed marriage (to Anne of Cleves). None of it makes any sense and I say it is piffle.
— Conrad Black is the author of Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full, and Flight of the Eagle: The Grand Strategies That Brought America from Colonial Dependence to World Leadership.



ARTICLE
So long, it’s been good to know ya,So long, it’s been good to know ya,So long, it’s been good to know ya.This dusty old dust is a-gettin’ my home,And I got to be driftin’ along.
                                          — Woodie Guthrie
The rapper Snoop Dogg released a video shooting a mock-up of the president. Rapper Bow Wow wants to “pimp” the first lady. What a difference a few months make. Not long ago rapper Kendrick Lamar issued an album whose cover showed young rappers on the White House lawn celebrating the death of a white judge. He received an invitation to the White House (a cut from his To Pimp a Butterfly album was Barack Obama’s favorite song of the year). When Trump has lost the rapper vote, has he lost America?
There is now something called the “Resistance,” which by its nomenclature poses that its opposition to Trump is reminiscent of European partisan resistance to Hitler: Affluent progressives are now on the barricades to stop another Holocaust? Cities now nullify federal law in the spirit of the Old Confederacy. A federal judge doesn’t enforce federal law because he says he does not like what the president and his associates said in the past, during the campaign. Op-ed writers overseas wait eagerly for the president’s assassination. At CNN, Fareed Zakaria, wrist-slapped for past plagiarism, melts down while screaming of Trump’s “bullsh**.” Madonna says she has “thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.” All the insanity reminds one of the old Kingston Trio ballad:
Bad filibusters are now good ones. Vowing to kill, hurt, or remove the president and first family is hip, when it used to be felonious. States’ rights and nullification are now Confederate-cool. Free speech is hate speech. Censorship is a mere trigger warning. Assimilation is cultural appropriation. The nasal voiced thirtysomethings on the news, in their retro outfits of high-water pants and horn-rimmed glasses, impart worldly wisdom as our new Eric Sevareids.
When we all wish to be victims, there are too few oppressors to go around. Or perhaps the Boomer generation is going out in a fit of frenzied self-recognition: It enjoyed all that was given to it, did not accomplish much itself, and left a mess to its successors. Its metaphor is California’s Oroville dam: Aging greens believe that it never should have been built; but since it was, it came in handy for the good life; but no one should spend any money on its repair; but when it nearly fails, we were all warned that it was never a good idea. And so no more dams will be built for our children.
An increasing number of American don’t take all this seriously. And that’s not new.
In reaction to the growing globalization of the Roman Empire, elite corruption, the banality of bread-and-circuses, and the end of the agrarian Italian Republic, the Stoics opted out, choosing instead a reasoned detachment from contemporary life. Some, like the worldly court philosopher Seneca, seemed hypocritical; others, such as the later emperor Marcus Aurelius, lived a double life of imperial engagement and mental detachment.
Classical impassiveness established the foundations for the later monastic Christians, who in more dangerous times increasingly saw the world around them as incompatible with the world to come — and therefore they saw engagement as an impediment to their own Christian belief.
More and more Americans today are becoming Stoic dropouts. They are not illiberal, and certainly not reactionaries, racists, xenophobes, or homophobes. They’re simply exhausted by our frenzied culture.
They don’t like lectures from the privileged and the wealthy on the pitfalls of privilege and wealth. In response, they don’t hike out to monasteries, fall into fetal positions, or write Meditations. Instead, they have checked out mentally from American popular entertainment, sports, and the progressive cultural project in general.
But aren’t sports at least still sacrosanct?
Hardly. The new monastics were already watching less and less of the National Football League before the televised tantrums of Colin Kaepernick. After his multimillionaire stunts seemed to catch on with other players, many viewers quit entirely. The appeasement of his crudity by Kaepernick’s multimillionaire bosses and teammates might explain why NFL audiences (and revenues) are down.
In this age of pan-politicization, sports, like everything else, is not exempt from wealthy elites’ guilt-ridden obsessions with race, class, and gender agendas — as a $20-million-per-annum, mediocre, and pampered quarterback refuses to stand for the National Anthem, or as Beyoncé does last year’s Super Bowl half-time show as an amateurish paean to Black Lives Matter and the old Black Panthers.
It’s become more painful to watch TV sports analysts than the gladiatorial hits of the game itself: Aging veterans seek to recapture their cool by passing themselves off as political pundits who contextualize interceptions and fumbles in terms of abstract politics.. They’re oblivious that, in the court of identity politics, the NFL is itself found culpable: According to the logic of “disparate impact” and proportional representation, about 12 percent of the population is “overrepresented” through its nearly 70 percent membership on NFL teams.
During the Cold War, Soviet-athlete propagandists who talked of the masses at least had a gun to their heads; today’s ESPN jocks who play-act as NPR talking heads mouth Democratic-party platitudes as a form of career enhancement. Life is short, so when Sundays are no relief from the daily frenzy, an increasing number have pulled the plug on sports.
The Oscar awards?
It too has become cultural Newspeak, with limited themes and scripted vocabulary. Watching hours of multimillionaires gushing about their own psychodramas was always trying, but in the age of Gary Cooper, Henry Fonda, Jimmy Stewart, Katharine Hepburn, and Maureen O’Hara, the stars at least showed some dignity and authentic eccentricity. Now entertainment awards ceremonies are mostly predictable rants, as if career success required speaking “truth” to power in a collective Two Minutes Hate exercise condemning the president, who serves as our new Emmanuel Goldstein. How odd that liberalism became elites’ groupthink about equality — or perhaps not so odd at all, given Orwell’s observation that “all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.”
The new monastics likewise avoid new movies. The fall-off in movie viewership is not just due to the advent of cable television and streaming video over the Internet. Nor is the rub that new movies are mostly short on plot, dialogue, and characterization, and long on cardboard-cutout comic-book heroes, explosives, car crashes, and sadism.
The problem is also that there are finite ways of portraying a good-looking, young, liberal, justice crusader uncovering yet another corporate or oligarchic plot — by villains with southern accents or Russian tattoos — to pollute the planet, promote white privilege, or hurt justice crusaders. The actors, directors, producers, and studios are themselves multimillionaire corporatists who are trying to convince themselves that they are not multimillionaire corporatists — and this is another reason that some of the public has long ago lost interest in these scripted morality plays.
Monastics are tuning out the media. Listening to Brian Williams warn of fake news would be like paying attention to Miley Cyrus’s reminder about the need for abstinence. New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof, who is often said to be the ethical conscience of the paper’s op-ed page, recently begged the IRS to commit a felony by sending him Trump’s tax returns. He went so far as to provide his own address to facilitate the crime: “But if you’re in IRS and have a certain president’s tax return that you’d like to leak, my address is: NYT, 620 Eighth Ave., NY NY 10018.”
Someone belatedly might have gotten the message. Rhodes scholar Rachel Maddow got a hold of two pages from Trump’s 2005 tax return. On MSNBC she went the full Roswell-UFO mode in hyping the scoop until she finally grasped that a twelve-year-old-tax return revealed that her Trump-as-Snidely-Whiplash had paid a greater tax (percentage-wise and absolutely) than “you didn’t build that” Barack Obama paid. Such an inadvertent demonstration is not the purpose for which a Rachel Maddow was hired.
The Middlebury and Berkeley and indeed all campus violence is now predictable: Mostly rich, white, privileged kids posing as barricade brawlers in a rite of passage — all predicated on the fact that they feel exempt from the reach of the local district attorney and are assured that there are not too many working kids without privilege nearby who might push back.
When everything is politicized, everything is monotonous; nothing is interesting. There are only so many ways one can express existential hatred for Trump, turn the Aztecs into the Founding Fathers, or show disrespect for the National Anthem (Kneeling? Or clenched fist held high? Or just sitting? Or turning one’s back? Or talking over the music?). So millions tune out and retreat to reading what was written before 1980, or to watching movies of a past age or seeking their own tribal ties of the mind.
I went into what once was our sleepy hometown the other day. An Aztec totem devoted to Coatlicue, the earth-mother goddess, portrayed as a paean to noble farm workers, sits in the old park. The huge monolith is sculpted quite well and by a talented former colleague at CSU Fresno. Its dedication was widely reported; no one was so rude as to mention that Coatlicue was a fierce mother goddess to whom captives were sacrificed each year. (She wore a necklace of human hearts and hands and a cloak of skin.) But identity-politics art is never free from overt propaganda: The modern epigraph atop our Coatlicue reads “Viva la Raza” (“Long live the Race”). I don’t recall anyone in the city’s supposed illiberal past ever suggesting that “Long live the race” would have been an acceptable epigraph on any city art.
Monasteries of the mind are an effort to reconnect with the past and disengage psychologically from the present. For millions of Americans, their music, their movies, their sports, and their media are not current fare. Instead, they have mentally moved to mountaintops or inaccessible valleys, where they can live in the past or dream of the future, but certainly not dwell in the here and now
But oddly, sometimes there are surprises.
Today at 6 a.m. in the dark, I stopped at a gas station in the California coastal foothills. The car next to me had, I thought, way-too-loud booming rap music of the “kill the ho,” “bust up the pig” generic type. Why listen to all that before sunrise?
I decided, in protest to the early-morning noise, to leave my own music louder than his as I filled the tank. The first song happened to be a short old folk rendition of Carl Sandburg’s lyrical “The Colorado Trail,” a sad homage to a 16-year-old girl who died on the way westward:
I then switched tracks to Joan Baez’s folk version of the 18th-century “Plaisir d’amour.”
As it ended with Plaisir d’amour ne dure qu’un moment? Chagrin d’amour dure toute la vie, the young driver, his neck and wrists spotted with tattoos, got into his car (he had earlier turned down his stereo around “Now she’s gone away”) and drove up alongside me.
What next?
He grinned, “Hey, I liked your songs, okay?”
— NRO contributor Victor Davis Hanson is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author, most recently, of The Savior Generals.



ARTICLE
We are told constantly, by Trump backers, not to take him literally. “Seriously but not literally,” is the line. The distinction can be murky.
What a U.S. president says is very important. More important than what the leaders of almost all other nations say. (Sorry.) Moreover, you should be able to trust what the president says. Americans want to believe their president.
“Trust is the coin of the realm in Washington, D.C.,” said Bryce Harlow.
Remember this one? “I want to say one thing to the American people. I want you to listen to me. I’m going to say this again: I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.”
Okay.
More recently, here is President Trump: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!”
Also, “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
It is no ordinary thing for a president to charge that his predecessor wiretapped him — or that his predecessor is a bad or sick guy.
Is President Trump’s charge of wiretapping true? If so, he should prove it. If not, he should withdraw it. That’s what Senator McCain says, and I agree. There’s a question of honor here, in addition to trust. In fact, they are related.
Further, did 3 to 5 million people really vote illegally in November’s election? That’s what the president claims. And again, people want to believe their president. They deserve to believe their president.
We all want our policy preferences to be shared by the president. But simple honesty — that’s key too.
Trump talks a lot about “fake news,” or “FAKE NEWS,” as he writes it. What about the claim that Obama had British intelligence wiretap the Tower, so there wouldn’t be American “fingerprints” on the operation? Is that fake news? Or news news?
Consider this, too: What if a Democratic president and his team pushed a story like the one about British intelligence? What would Republicans say? Excoriation City, right?
For eight years, Republicans (like me) said that Obama was alienating our allies and encouraging our enemies. Think about his treatment of Israel. And his treatment of Iran. Think about Trump and Britain, and Trump and Germany, in the last week or so. And think of his relative sweetness toward Putin.
What does the new GOP — Trump’s GOP — have to say about that?
Have another tweet from our president: “James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!”
I assume that the word, or acronym, “Potus” refers to Trump himself. Also, the phrase “there is no evidence” is interesting. (It always is, from a person accused, or about whom there are suspicions.) Finally, have you noticed that Clapper is sometimes a black-hat in RightWorld or LeftWorld and sometimes a white-hat?
Same with the FBI director, James Comey.
Two months into his presidency, Trump is still pushing the line that NATO is some kind of protection racket, in which Germany and others are behind on their dues. He tweeted that “the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!”
During the campaign, he addressed a rally, saying, “I don’t want to get rid of NATO — but you always have to be prepared to walk. It’s possible. Okay?” He then did a comical reenactment of an interview he’d had with the New York Times:
“They said, ‘What happens if one of these countries’ — take a smaller one that nobody in this room’s ever heard of — ‘gets attacked by Russia? Are you saying you’re not gonna protect ’em?’ I say, ‘Well, let me ask you: Have they paid? Have they paid?’ Right? ‘Have they paid?’”
There is no general bill due, for which governments have failed to pay up. Each nation has a defense budget. It is certainly true that the U.S. has long been urging its NATO allies to spend more on defense. Even warning them. (Remind yourself what Robert Gates, then the defense secretary, said in 2011.) In 2014, after Putin annexed the Crimea and started war in the Donbass, NATO set some goals, at a summit in Wales. One of them was that each member would spend at least 2 percent of its GDP on defense by 2024.
Anyway, back to Trump, at his campaign rally: “So, we’re gonna save a fortune. They’re gonna pay. And if they don’t — sorry.”
A question: Is NATO in the American interest? If so, we should stay. If not, we should withdraw. What does President Trump think?
It’s one thing for a candidate — even a presidential nominee — not to know exactly how NATO works. Not great, but what the hell? I think a president, however, should know. And Trump has been on the job long enough not to say that “the United States must be paid more” by the likes of Germany.
“Russian Journalist Dies In Unexplained Circumstances.” (Article here.) These Russian journalists who are critical of the Putin regime: They’re extremely careless with their health, have you noticed?
In Sierra Leone, a pastor discovered an immense uncut diamond, one of historic size. One that is worth millions. He turned it over to the government, trusting that they would spend the money wisely, benefiting Sierra Leoneans as a whole. At least, that’s what he said. (Article here.)
What do you think? Will the country benefit from the dough? Stranger things have happened, I suppose.
I was amazed by a report from the Associated Press. A league of their own in … Gaza? Women’s baseball in that Palestinian territory? Yes. You have to read about it to believe it.
Let me paste the briefest of excerpts:
Bill Buckley liked the story of Clemenceau meeting Paderewski, the great pianist, who had become prime minister of Poland. “You’re the pianist?” said Clemenceau. “Yes,” Paderewski replied. “And now you’re in politics?” said Clemenceau. “Yes,” admitted Paderewski. “What a comedown,” said Clemenceau.
I thought of this when I met Doug Ducey last week. He is the governor of Arizona. Before politics, he was in business, and he was — get this — the CEO of Cold Stone Creamery!
Damn.
I don’t think there are any Cold Stones around me — wish there were — but there are several Subway sandwich shops. I like to go into them, and I’ve noticed something over the years.
Often, there are young immigrants working. Immigrants from every corner — South Asia, East Asia, Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, etc. And when they’re new, they can’t speak English at all. You speak in gestures to them. They are still learning “onions,” “mustard,” and the like. Every week, their English improves by leaps and bounds. Before you know it, they not only know the ingredients (duh), they’re jiving with their co-workers and customers, slang and all.
Amazing, how fast that happens. (Part of it, of course, is the sponginess of youth. Another part is necessity. Another part is willingness.)
That was kind of a language note. Want another one? I was reading an article about the composer Frederic Rzewski. He wrote a piece for piano called “De Profundis.” “While playing the dizzying solo part, the pianist also speaks the text, hits his or herself, whistles and seems to sob.” I would have said “hits him or herself.” Is “his” right?
(Actually, I would have said “hits himself,” not thinking it had anything to do with sex, or, as people insist on saying today, “gender.”)
A little music? Of the non–self-flagellating variety? Actually, there may be some self-flagellation in Idomeneo, depending on the stage director, who does all sorts of screwy things. Anyway, I jotted a little post at The New Criterion about a performance of this opera by Mozart at the Met.
Let’s end with some sports. Last week, I was watching LeBron James destroy my Detroit Pistons, almost single-handedly. (An editor friend of mine prefers “single-handed.” I think she’s right.) He was so dominating — so good, so versatile, so complete — it was almost unbelievable. There is a lot of hype about “King James.” I got to thinking, “Maybe he isn’t hyped enough.”
And I had a memory from many, many years ago. I was talking to a golfer about Jack Nicklaus — who was universally regarded as the greatest ever to play the game. The golfer (a pro) said that Nicklaus was underrated: “because not many people understand how good he really is.”
Thanks for joining me, sports fans — and others — and I’ll see you soon.
 
A word from the National Review Store: To get Digging In: Further Collected Writings of Jay Nordlinger, go here.



ARTICLE
The Trump administration is in the throes of one of the greatest self-inflicted distractions of the modern presidency.
The latest chapter comes from James Comey in highly anticipated congressional testimony. The FBI director said that he has no information to support President Trump’s infamous weekend tweets alleging he was wiretapped by President Obama during the campaign. This was treated as a bombshell, although what would have been truly surprising is if he said Trump’s allegations had a sound factual basis.
Every administration gets knocked off its game early on by something. What makes the furor over President Trump’s wiretapping claims so remarkable is how unnecessary it is. The flap didn’t arise from events outside of the administration’s control, nor was it a clever trap sprung by its adversaries. The president went out of his way to initiate it. He picked up his phone and tweeted allegations that he had no idea were true or not, either to distract from what he thought was a bad news cycle, or to vent, or both.
The fallout has proved that there is no such a thing as “just a tweet” from the most powerful man on the planet. Trump’s aides have scrambled to find some justification for the statements after-the-fact and offended an age-old foreign ally in the process (White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested it was British intelligence that might have been monitoring Trump); congressional leaders have become consumed with the matter; and it has dominated news coverage for weeks. Such is the power of a couple of blasts of 140 characters or less from the president of the United States.
The flap has probably undermined Trump’s political standing, and at the very least has diverted him and his team from much more important work on Capitol Hill, where his agenda will rise or fall. In an alternative and more conventional universe, the White House would be crowing over Judge Gorsuch’s testimony before Congress. Instead it is jousting with the FBI director over wayward tweets.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer was reduced to arguing that Comey’s categorical rejection of the wiretapping claim was only provisional. Let’s not jump to conclusions, etc., etc. Such is the life of a press secretary when his boss has the power to make him defend the indefensible during a few thoughtless moments alone with his phone. Since the wiretapping allegations, Spicer’s days  have been spent in the semantics, air quotes, and epistemological gymnastics necessary to support Trump’s claims.
Only President Trump can make it stop. He has shown, despite his unwillingness ever to admit error, an ability over the last year to simply drop and move on from counterproductive controversies. He should do the same with his wiretapping tweets. All he has to say is that he accepts his FBI director’s statement and that he doesn’t want to talk about it any more. That would immediately drain some of the headline-grabbing drama from it, and relieve his underlings from their current exertions.
Comey’s second bombshell was the more consequential one. He confirmed that there is an ongoing FBI investigation of Russia’s role in the election and possible ties to the Trump campaign. (It may eventually emerge that some of Trump’s conversations were picked up when people in his orbit were being surveilled in this probe, providing a figleaf of vindication for his tweets.) It’s hard to see why the Russians would have had to involve Trump associates in what should have been a simple two-step process: 1) hack Democratic accounts; 2) give the resulting information to WikiLeaks. But Comey’s acknowledgement of the investigation will stoke the darkest suspicions of the Left.
All the more reason for Trump to avoid doubling down on unforced errors. They are plenty of people who want to distract and damage his administration. The president of the United States shouldn’t be one of them.
 
— Rich Lowry is the editor of National Review. He can be reached via e-mail: [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */. © 2017 King Features Syndicate



ARTICLE
Thus far there are two unfolding lines of attack on Judge Neil Gorsuch. The first is so intellectually absurd as to be frivolous — that he rules for the wrong people. In other words, the critic ignores the legal reasoning and focuses only on the legal outcome. If a poor person or a person of color loses, the judge is wrong. If a corporation wins, the judge is wrong. Judges are not legislators, however, and critiques that barely even mention (or ignore entirely) applicable legal standards when evaluating case outcomes may sometimes play well on television but prove difficult to sustain in practice. Unless a judge utterly lacks integrity, he or she finds himself ruling against his ideological friends all the time. (Witness the Obama administration’s remarkable number of 9–0 defeats before an ideologically divided Supreme Court.)
The second critique is far more philosophically substantial and goes to the heart of how we define our most fundamental rights. Essentially, a number of legal leftists believe that Judge Gorsuch has entirely too much respect for religious freedom. Writing in Slate, Dahlia Lithwick lays out this view at length. First, she claims that “our current religious liberty jurisprudence . . . is extremely deferential toward religious believers.” She claims that “religious dissenters who seek to be exempted from neutral and generally applicable laws are given the benefit of the doubt, even when others are harmed. Sometimes those harms are not even taken into account.”
She continues:
In other words, when Judge Gorsuch examines the religious-liberty claims of, say, Hobby Lobby against the regulatory “right” of free contraceptive coverage, applying any preference to the claims of religious litigants is not only improper, but it may even violate the establishment clause.
Yet this fundamentally misunderstands not merely the statutory law at issue but also the history of religious liberty as a constitutional and human right. First, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (the statute at issue in the Hobby Lobby case) mandated that Judge Gorsuch apply a specific legal test to the case that privileged religious-liberty claims. Had he not applied that test, he would have been disregarding the law he was charged to interpret.
Second, no one should think that all rights exist on equal footing. As our Declaration of Independence acknowledges, we are endowed by our Creator with certain “unalienable rights.” Government doesn’t create those rights. Its role is instead to acknowledge and protect them. While there’s no comprehensive list of unalienable rights, the Bill of Rights is a good place to start. It defines and protects the liberties that were essential to our nation’s founding and indispensable to the protection of a free people.
A “right” to free birth-control pills is not on that list. Nor are numerous other statutory or regulatory rights that governments give and take away at will. In reality, we often use the word “right” to describe what are actually privileges, and it’s entirely appropriate for a court to give deference to an actual human, natural, and constitutional right when it conflicts with a regulatory privilege.
You’ll often see religious-liberty cases wrongly described as if equal rights were in conflict. For example, on college campuses, I’ve litigated cases in which the religious liberty of a student group is said to be in conflict with the “right” of an atheist student to run a Christian group. In other cases, the religious-liberty rights of bakers and florists are said to be in conflict with the alleged “rights” of customers to purchase wedding cakes and floral arrangements from the artist of their choice. Should rights of conscience be on the same footing as acts of college administrators or state regulators? Or should rights of conscience have a built-in advantage, to be overruled only in the most compelling circumstances?
Indeed, this question highlights perhaps Justice Antonin Scalia’s worst judicial decision. In Employment Division v. Smith, he stripped the free-exercise clause of much of its legal potency, wrongly relegating it to second-class status in the Bill of Rights, and setting up much of the regulatory and intellectual confusion that followed. Judge Gorsuch, fortunately, appears to have a much sounder view of religious freedom.
Lithwick uses the term “suffering” to describe the plight of persons who have to pay for their own birth control. But the hyperbole surrounding the Hobby Lobby case demonstrates exactly why religious liberty merits heightened protection: Minority religious views are often unpopular, especially when confronting state programs designed from the ground up to bestow state benefits.
The Founders appropriately resolved the conflict between fundamental rights and government power. In all but the most compelling circumstances, fundamental rights should prevail. This does not mean that asserting a religious-liberty claim means automatic victory. The assertion must be sincere, and even sincere assertions should be overcome when the governmental interests are sufficiently compelling and its action appropriately narrow. But the principle stands: Religious liberty is a right our nation protects, not a right it creates, and it is entirely right and proper for judges to recognize that fundamental moral and constitutional fact.
— David French is a staff writer for National Review, a senior fellow at the National Review Institute, and an attorney.



ARTICLE
House Republicans are being herded and whipped into voting for a controversial health-care plan this Thursday. Moderates and conservatives in the GOP may disagree on the problems with the bill, but an increasing number fear that they will be asked to cast a risky vote for a measure that can’t possibly pass the Senate as is and that can’t deliver on the promise to “repeal and replace” Obamacare. “We don’t have a realistic plan to get from point A to what we can sell the public, and if we don’t get one, the Democrats in the Senate will eat our lunch,” one GOP House moderate told me.
The bill before the House this week is supposed to be the first of three phases in replacing Obamacare. The bill — phase one — repeals the taxes and revamps the subsidies created by Obamacare. The second phase is meant to involve Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, using his administrative power to repeal Obamacare directives.
Speaking about this second phase, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas told CBS’s Face the Nation on Sunday: “That ain’t going to happen.”
Cruz went on to cast doubt on the third phase of the process as well, which is supposed to entail passing a package of insurance reforms that would bring down the soaring cost of insurance premiums for Americans. But the third phase is highly problematic. “Bucket three takes eight Democrats” to get to 60, he said. “Right now, Senate Democrats are opposing everything. You can’t get eight Democrats on agreeing to say, ‘Good morning.’”
“At the rate we’re going, this bill is moving in key ways to the left and is likely to go more that way in the Senate,” Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho told me. Indeed, Speaker Paul Ryan is already wooing moderate Republicans in the House with more generous health-care tax credits for the elderly. Requests from GOP conservatives to further expand health savings accounts are being brushed aside. Politico reports that “from the White House to the Hill, top GOP officials by-and-large ‘feel talks with the far right are just about done.’” In other words, if something does indeed pass Congress this year, it will be a pale shadow of the “repeal and replace” promise that Republicans have been making for the past seven years.
Senator Cruz believes it doesn’t have to be that way. “If it can be passed with reconciliation, it can be repealed with reconciliation,” Cruz told CNSNews in early February. “And we need to use every procedural means possible to fight to stop the train wreck that is Obamacare.”
Speaking of the 1974 Budget Act that created reconciliation, Cruz told CBS’s John Dickerson on Sunday: “It lays out a test for what is permissible on reconciliation. . . . The central part of the test is, it is budgetary in nature? If it is budgetary in nature, you can do it. If it’s not, you can’t.”
Last week, Cruz told reporters, “Under the Budget Act of 1974, . . .  it is the presiding officer, the vice president of the United States, who rules on what’s permissible on reconciliation and what is not.” The role of the parliamentarian, he said, was simply to advise, not rule.
If the current parliamentarian, Elizabeth MacDonough, were to rule that GOP-favored reforms (such as allowing insurance companies to sell across state lines or instituting medical-malpractice reform) had only an “incidental” impact on the budget and would therefore be outside reconciliation, the vice president could simply overrule her. “All of these reforms clearly have a major impact on federal health-care expenditures — it’s pure common sense,” Cruz told me.
Of course, Senate Democrats would howl that bypassing the Senate’s parliamentarian would represent a coup against Senate traditions. That ignores the fact that Democrats have often manipulated the process in the past, sometimes by ignoring reconciliation rules to pass President Bill Clinton’s welfare-reform proposals.
Richard Arenberg, a former aide to several Senate Democrats, calls the Cruz move toward reconciliation “a partisan power grab.” Sadly, the Senate’s behavior has deteriorated in that direction over the last several years, especially when then–majority leader Harry Reid did away with a 60-vote requirement to confirm Cabinet officers and all federal judges below the Supreme Court.
If Republicans blink and allow Senate Democrats to water down health-care reform even further, they should know they will be sabotaging true health-care reform and making it likely that a full government takeover of the system is only a political turn of the wheel away.
— John Fund is NRO’s national-affairs correspondent.



